THE

STATUTES

OF

THE REALM.

PRINTED BY COMMAND

OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE THIRD.

IN PURSUANCE OF AN ADDRESS OF

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS OF GREAT BRITAIN.

From Original Records and Authentic Manuscripts.

VOLUME THE FOURTH.

MDCCCXIX

CONTENTS

OF

THE FOURTH VOLUME.

Preface.

PART I.

Chronological Table of the Titles of all the Acts

---

PA8SED IN THE ReIGNS OF KlNG EDWARD VI, QUEEN MaBY, KlNG PHILIP AND QUEEN MaRY, Queen Elizabeth, and King James I.

The Statutes;

Of King Edward VI.

Of Queen Mary.

Of King Philip and Queen Mary.

Of Queen Elizabeth, (to the End of An. 27.)

PART II.

The Statutes;

Of Queen Elizabeth. (An. 28—43.)

Of King James I.

Index of Principal Matters

in The Statutes contained in Volume IV.

a

PREFACE TO THIS VOLUME.

HIS Fourth Volume of The Statutes of the Realm contains the Acts from the

Beginning of the Reign of King Edward VI. to the End of the Reign of King James I., A.D. 1547- to A.D. 1624., printed from the Inrollment on the Rolls of Parliament in Chancery, when the Acts are found entered thereon. In Default of such Inrollment, all Acts which are contained in any former Printed Collections of the Statutes are here printed from the Original Bills or Acts preserved in the Parliament Office. In Three Instances, where the Inrollments and the Originals are both deficient, Recourse has been had to the early Printed Collections; these are 18 Eliz. Chap. XXIII. the Subsidy of the Temporalty—23 Eliz. Chap. XVI. the Pardon —and 39 Eliz. Chap. XXVI. the Subsidy of the Clergy. In every Instance where any Act is not printed from the Inrollment in the Rolls of Parliament specified at the Commencement of each Year, a Note is annexed referring to the Source from whence it is printed. In one Year, 18 Jac. I., it has happened that the Deficiency arising from the Non-Inrollment of the Two Subsidy Acts could not be supplied by the Original Acts, nor by any Manuscript or Printed Copy, although very diligent Searches were made for the Purpose.

All such Acts as, during the Period above particularized, are found entered in any List of Public Acts at the Head of the Inrollment in Chancery, or as have been uniformly inserted or referred to, as such, in Sessional or other Printed Collections of Statutes, are printed in this Volume. In addition to these, some Acts have been now first printed from the Inrollment in Chancery, which seemed deserving of a Place in this Collection : These are distinguished by a smaller Type, in conformity with the Plan in former Volumes. They are only Seven in Number; viz. 1 Eliz. Chap. XXIII. for the Restoration of Queen Elizabeth in Blood, and declaring her inheritable to her Mother:—Chap. XXIV. for annexing certain Religious Houses to the Crown .—5 Eliz. Chap. XXXII. for defraying the Charges of the Royal Household :— 8 Eliz. Chap. XXI. and XXII. relative to the manufacturing Allum, Copperas, and Salt:— 23 Eliz. Chap. XVII. for abolishing the Tenure of Gavelkind, in Exeter:—and 27 Eliz. Chap. XXXI. for the Government of the City of Westminster.

The same Method has been pursued, in comparing the Inrollment in Chancery with the Original Acts in the Parliament Office, and with the Printed Copies, as was adopted in printing Vol. III. and which is fully explained in the Preface to that Volume.

It is hoped that the Marginal Notes in this Volume will not be found less satisfactory or complete than those in Vol. III. although prepared by only one of the Sub-Commissioners engaged in the Superintendance of that Volume.

This Volume is divided into Two Parts, on Account of its Size, in like Manner as Vol. I. of the New Edition of Rymer’s Fcbdera.

Two Engravings from the Inrolment in Chancery, one of the Act of 1 Eliz. Chap. III., and the other, of the Act 3 Jac. I. Chap. I. are inserted at Pages 358 and 1067 of this Volume.

London,

25 March 1819.

T. E. TOMLINS, Sub-Commissioner.

( V )

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE

OF THE TITLES OF ALL

THE ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

PASSED IN THE REIGNS OF

KING EDWARD VI. QUEEN MARY. KING PHILIP and QUEEN MARY. QUEEN ELIZABETH.

and KING JAMES I.

*•* This Mark ( • ) in the Column of the Chapters signifies that the Act has never been inserted in any former Printed Collection of the Statutes. Where the Page is not specified in the last Column of the Table, the Act is not printed in this Collection.

This Mark (t) before the Title of an Act signifies that, although mentioned in the List of Acts at the Head of the Inrolbnent in Chancery, the Act itself is not entered on the Roll.

Where the Title in Chancery is not specified, the Act is neither mentioned in such List nor inrolled on the Roll.

Where the Title in Parliament is not specified, the Act is missing, and not noticed in the Calendars there.

DATE. TITLE ob DESCRIPTION of thb AC!'. NUMBER Pack

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

>547- Edw. VL An. i. On the Roll. An Acte against suche as shall unreverentlie speake against the Sacrament of the bodie and bloude of Christe, comonlie called the Sacrament of the Altar, and for the receiving thereof in bottle kyndes. On the Act. An Acte against such as shal unreverentlie "1 speake against the Sacrament of the ( Aulter, and for the receyving thereof j undre bothe Kyndes. J I. I I 2

An Acte for the election of Bisshoppf and what Seales and Style they and other Spuall psons exercising Jurisdiction Ecdesiasdcall shall use. An Acte for the Election of Bisshopps. 11. 2 3

— — An Acte for the Punishment of Vagabondes and for the Relief of the poore and impotent Parsons. An Acte for the Punyshment of Vacaboundes 1 and Relief of the Poore and Impotent. / m. 3 3 5

— — An Acte for tenures holden in Capite. An Acte for tenures holden in Capite. IV. 4 4 9

— An Acte that no horses shalbe conveyed owt of this Realme, and other the Kings Dominions withowt Lycence. An Acte for not coveying of Horses owt of I this Realme. J V. 5 5 9

— — An Acte for the contynuance of making of Woosted Yarne in Norff. The Byll for the contynuance of makyng 1 of Wollsted Yeme in Norff. J VI. 6 6 11

— — An Acte for the contynuance of actions after the Deathe of any King of this Realme. The Contynuac&n of Actions after the 1 deathe of anye King. J VII. 7 7 12 j

— — An Acte for confirmation of tres Patentf. An Acte for the Confirmation of tres 1 Patentes. J VIII. 8 8 *3 1

— An Acte for the uniting of certaine Churches w,hin the Citie of Yorcke. The Bill for the Citie of Yorke. IX. 9 9 ‘4

( Vi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paob

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the 1 Chapter printed. On the RoU Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

>547- Edw. VI. An. i. continued. Oh the Roll. An Acte for exigentf and proclamations in Wales and in the Countie Palentyne of Chestre, and allso in the Citie of Chestre. Oh the Act. The Bylle for Exigentf & Pclamacons in -» Wales and in the Countye Palentyne of Chester. L An Act for Exigents and Proclamations in Wales & County Palatine of Chester. J X. IO IO *5

~ An Acte for the Repeale of a certaine Statute made in the xxviii*1’ yere of the Reigne of the late King of moste famous memorye Henry theight for revoking of Actes of Plament. To repeale an Acte made in xxviij" H. viij. ") for revokyng of Acts ofjPliament. J XL ii 11 •7

— An Acte for the repeale of certaine Statutes concerninge treasons felonyes &c. An Act for the repealing of certain Statutes 1 concerning Treasons Felonies, &c. J XII. 12 12 18

An Acte for a Subsidye of Tonnage and pondage of march'undizes, with a proviso for the confirmation of the Privileges of the march"untf of the Stilyarde, which proviso shall endure but onelie to thende of this Parlament. The By 11 for the Subsidie of Tonage and 1 Poundage of Merchandises. J XIII. *3 20 22

An Acte wherby certaine Countries Colleges Free Chappellf and the possessions of the same be given to the Kings Ma". The Acte for Chauntreys Collegf, &c. Chauntries & Coleges. There is a Duplicate of this Act, but In which J the Royal Assent does not appear to have been I gictn. A XIV. 14 »5 24

— An Act for a general pardon. The Kyngf Mau" GeSall Pardon. XV. >5 at 33

An Acte for thestablishement of a Deanerye at Wells. An Acte for thestablishment of a Deanrye at Wells. 1 Deanery at Wells. J • 16 16 -

An Acte for thassuraunce of certaine Landes to the Kings Ma" from the Earle of Rutlande. An Acte for the Assuraunce of certain -| Landes to the Kings Ma'1' from the I Erie of Rutlande. J • >7 14 -

— An Acte for thassuraunce of certaine Landes to the Lord Rych and Shelleye Kni8ht- illegible. An Acte for the restituc&n in bloude of the Lorde Stafforde. An Acte for thassurance of certain Landes I to the Lorde Riche and Mr Shelley. j An Acte concemyng the restituc&n of "I Henrye Stafforde in bloude, as heire to 1 the late Duke of Buck attainted of j> Treason, and to the Baron Stafforde. Restitution of Henry Stafford, E. Stafford. J • • 18 >9 >3 18 -

■ An Acte for the restituc&n in bloude of John Lumleye Esquier. An Acte for the Restitution in bloude of John Loomeley Esquier. s John Lumley. 1 • 20 *7 -

An Acte for the restituc&n in bloude of Griffith Rise Gentleman. An Acte for the restituc&n in bloude of-\ Griffithe Rise Gentleman. 1 An Act for the Restituc&n in bloode of j Griffithe Rise Gentt. ' • 21 19 —

( vii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION or thi ACT. NUMBER Pag*

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of tlM Chipur prinMd. On the RoU C Chancery. Of the riginal Art in *ar lament. of this Volume.

1 L__2 00 Edw.VI. In. 2 & 3. On tub Roll. An Acte for the unyformitie of service and admynistracon of the Sacramentf throughout the Realme. On the Act. An Acte for the Uniformitie of Servyce ] and Ministratyon of the Sacramentf 5* throughowt the Realme. j L 1 1 37

— — An Acte towchynge the true Service required in Captaynes and Souldiors. A Bill for the ReformactSn of Captaynes \ and Souldyo" #ving in the Warres. ) n. 2 2 39

— — An Acte towchinge Purveyors. An Acte agenst Purveyo's. hi. 3 3 4«

— — An Acte for Shiriefff to have certayne allowaunces upon their Accomptes. An Acte for the Shirefff of England) to have certen allowancf upon their Accomptf. ) IV. 4 4 4»

— — An Acte to releasse Fee Fermes in Cities ) & Townes for three yeres. ) V. — 5 43

~~ J An Acte against the exaction of money or other thinge by any Officer to traffike into Iseiand. An Act that thadmirall of Englonde or any 'j his Officers shall not exact any sumes 1 of Money for Licence to traficque to C Iseiand, Ac. J VI. 5 6 44

— — An Acte against the craftie and deceiptfull buyinge of Pencftns. An Acte for bying & getting Pencyons of 1 Pencyoners. f VII. 6 7 45

— An Acte towchinge the findinge of Offices before the Escheator. An Acte for fynding of Officf before ) Excheto's. ) VIII. 7 8 47

— — An Acte for the true currienge of Leather. An Acte for Coryars A Shomakers & suche > other Artyfycers. ) IX. 8 9 49

— — An Acte for the true makinge of Maulte. The Byll of Main. ) The Bille for the trewe makyng of Malte. ) X. 9 14 51

— An Acte for the true Tannynge of Leather. An Acte for true tannyng of Leather. XI. IO 3° 53

An Acte for the assuraunce to the Ten'ntes of grauntf and leases made of the Duke of Sofisettf demene londf. An Act for thassuraunce of all Grauntf 'v and Leasses made of the Duke of j Somersettf Demayne Lands, Ac. by I, copie of Courte Rowle by any the sayde i Dukf Stewardf or Surveyours having J from him authorite to sett or lett, Ac. J XII. 12 54

— — An Acte for the true payment of Tithes. An Acte for Payment of Tythes. XIII. 12 to 55

— — An Acte againste the shootinge of Hayle Shott. An Acte against the shodng of Hayle ) Shotte. j XIV. >3 *3 58

— — An Acte towchinge Victuallers and Handycraftf men. The Bylle of Conspiracies of Vitaillers and ) Craftesmen. j XV. 14 I 1 58

Touching the removing of suche as have "I the custodye of Castellf and Fortresses uppon the borders and beyonde the Seas; wu‘ dewe recopence to be appointed unto them in other placf. J XVI. - >5 59

— — * An Act for the Confirmation of the ] Attayndo' of S' Wittrn Sherington. J XVII. — 16 60

An Acte for thatteyndo' of Sr Thomas 1 Seymo' Knight Lorde Seymo' of Sudleye, Highe Admyrall of Englande. . XVIII. — *7 fit 65

in Lent and other usuall tymes. > XIX. >s 39

An Acte for the qualyfienge of the Statute of Recusantes. An Acte for the qualefyinge of the Statute made in the xxxvj"' yere of King Henry theight towching Recusantf. L XX. 16 18 66

( )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

date. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION of the ACT. N UMBE R Page I

A.D. Reign- IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll in Chancer/ Of the Original At Parliament of this Volume.

Edw.VI. Oh the Roll. Oh the Act.

Oi * 00 An. a & 3 continued. An Acte to take awaye all posityve lawes againste marriage of Priestes. An Act to take away all posityve Lawes 1 made ageynst the Mariage of Priests. J XXI. *7 19 67

— An Acte for the coloringe Customes in other mens names. An Acte concerninge coulouringe of Customes in other mens names to the deceyte of the King. J xxn. 18 20 67

An Acte for the repeale of a Statute towchinge pcontractf. The Repeale of an Acte made in the >. xxxiju" yere of Kinge Henry the Eight J w'" was that Maryagf contracted in the f face of the Churche and consumate with j bodelye Knowledge to be demed lawfull, 1 anye former Contracte notwithstanding. > xxm. *9 21 68

— An Acte for the triall of murders and fellonyes in sePall Counties. For triall of Murders and Felonyes comytted 1 in seVall Countyes. J XXIV. ao 22 69

— An Acte for the kepinge of Counde dayes. A Bille for the keping of the Cowntye Dayes. J xxv. 21 23 70 1

— An Acte againste the carrienge of White Asshes out of this Realme. A Bill ageynst the carrying of whyte Asshes 1 owte of the Realme. J XXVI. 22 24 7i

— An Acte againste the false forginge of Gaddes of Steele. The Bill against false forging of yron Gaddf in stede of Gaddes of Stele. J XXVII. 23 25 7»

— An Acte for fynes with pclamac&ns in the Counde Palantine of Chester. For Fynes w"' Pci am in the Countye 1 Palentyne of Chester. XXVIII. 24 26 7i

— An Acte againste Buggorie. XXIX. - 27 72

— An Acte for the Townes of Rye and Wynchellsey and for casdng of Balaste \ into the Camber. J XXX. - 28 72

— - The Citie of Chester ; towching the taking of Recognisaunces of Statute Marchant k or Acton Burnell. J XXXI. — 29 73

An Acte for the contynuance of certeyne Statutes. An Acte to contynue certeyn Acts. XXXII. 25 3‘ 73

— An Acte that no man stealinge horse or horses shall enjoye the benefitt of his Clergie. A Bill for Horsse and Horsstealers. XXXIII. 26 32 74

— ' An Acte for the Shirieff of Northumber-lande to be accomptable for his Office as other Shirieffes bee. An Acte towching the Shrief of -v Northumberland to be accomptable I for his Offyce as other Shrieff be. J XXXIV. 27 33 74

— — An Acte for the Subsidie of the Clergie. XXXV. — 36 74

— — An Acte for a Reliefs graunted to the \ Kyngf Magesde by the Temporalde. J XXXVI. — 37 78

— — An Acte for carying of Bell Metall out of 1 the Realme. J XXXVII. - 34 93

— — An Act for the paving of the Towne of 1 Calyce. J XXXVIII. - 35 94

— — • An Act for the Kings Ma‘" Generali 1 Pardon. J XXXIX. - 38 95

— — - An Acte for Gavell Kynde. • — 40 —

L.OU

( « )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER. Pace

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of chin Volume.

1548. Edw.VI. \n. a & 3. - Ok thr Roll. - On the Act. The restytutyon in Bloode of S' George Darcie Knighte. S' George Darcy requirith that by Acte of Parliam* he & his heires males may be reputed and taken as Barons not w'stonding the attaindre of the L. Darcy his Father. • 41 —

— — - - - An Acte for the reftitucon in Bloude of I Mr Fr*uncf Carewe. S • - 42 —

— - - An Acte for the restytucon in Bloude of) Edwarde Charleton. ) • - 43 -

— - An Acte for the restitucon in Bloude of) S' Rause Bulmer Knighte. > • — 44 -

— - - An Acte for the restituc&n in Bloude of ) Mr. Henry Weston. ) • - 45 -

- - An Acte for the restitucbn in Bludde of) Rause Bygode. ) • - 46 —

' - An Acte for the restytuc&n in Bludde of ) Thom’s Percy. ) • - 47 —

* - For the Unyon of Churches in the Citie of ) Lyncoln. ) • - 48 —

— - An Acte for thenlarging of the Liberties ) of the Citie of Excestre. j • - 49 —

— * - An Acte for uniting of Churches in the > Towne of Stanford. ) • — 5° -

— - - An Acte touchinge Bartholomewe Burgoyn i being fled into the pties of beyonde the > Sees. ) • — 51 —

- - An Acte for thassignement of certeyne "I Lands to the Lorde Thom’s Howarddf > ij yong sonnes. ) • 52 -

’ " An Acte for the erecting of a Free Schoole "I in the Towne of S* Albons or ells where > w'in this Realme by Richard Bo'may. ) • — 53 —

" - * An Act for the keping of the Sessions and ‘I Cowrte Days of the Isle of Anglesey in > Beaumaris. j • — 54 —

— - - For the unytyng of the Churches of Ongar > and Grenestede in Essex. ) • — 55 —

— - - An Acte for the uniting of Seint Clementf I in Rochestre to the Churche of S’ Nicholas > in the same Citie. J • — 56 -

T * * An Acte for assuer’unce of Londf to the"\ Erie of Bathe, and Dame Margaret Longe 1 & to the Lorde Fitzwareyn and Frauncys f Kitson. J • — 57

— — * - Toune of Newcastle. ) Toun of Newcastle. ) • — 58 —

— — - - * For the foundac&n of a Scoole at Bark- hastede in the Countye of Hertforde. J • — 59 —

— — - - - For the Foundac&n of a Scoole at 1 Stamfford. j • — 60 —

( x )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATE. TITLE oi DESCRIPTION of thb ACT. NUMBER Page

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Edw. VI. Ok the Roll. Ok thb Act.

1549-50. An. 3 & 4 An Acte that the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the greate Seale for the tyme beinge shall name and appoynte the Custos Rotulop throughout all Shires of Englande according as in tyme paste hathe bene accustomed. An Acte that the Lorde Ch'uncelo' or>. Lorde Kep of the great Seale for the ) tyme being, to name and appointe the ( Custos Rotulo^ throughe owt all Shires ( of Englande according as in tyme past 1 hath byn accustumed. J 1. I 1 100

— — An Acte for the true makinge of Wollen Clothes. An Acte for true making of Wollen 1 Clothes. J n. a a 101

— An Acte concerning the ymprovement of Comons and Waste groundes. An Acte concerning the emprovementf of 1 Comons and waste growndes. J m. 3 3 103

— An Acte concerninge Grauntf and gyftf made by Patentees out of letters patentf. An Acte concemyng Grauntf & Guyfitf I made by Patentyes out of Ires Patentf. J rv. 4 4 104

An Acte for the punyshment of unlawfull assemblyes and rysinge of the Kings Subjects. An Acte for the repressing and punyshe-*j ment of onlawfull Assemblees and rysing V of the Kyngf Subjects. J V. 5 5 I04

An Acte concerninge the Repeale of a braunche in the Acte of Parliament made for buying of tanned Lether. An Acte concernyng the Repeale of a B'anche in thacte of Pliament made for S bying of tanned Lether. J VL 6 6 108

An Acte of Repeale of a Statute made in the fyve and twentithe yere of Kinge Henrie theight touching the takinge of Wyldfoule at certeyne tymes in the yeare. An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made 'J in the xxvtl> of Eng Henry the Eyght 1 towching the taking of wyld fowle att [ certeyne tymes of the yere. J VII. 7 7 109

— An Acte for the contynuance of the Statute of Sewers. An Acte for contynuance of the Statute of 1 Sewers. j VIII. 8 8 I09

— An Acte for the buyinge of Rawe Hydes and Calfe Skynnes. An Acte for bying of Rawe Hydes & Calffe 1 Skynnes. IX. 9 9 no

— — An Acte for the abolishinge and putting awaye of divse Bookes and Images. An Acte for abolisshyng & putting awaye ■» of dyverse Bookes and Ymages. X. 10 10 no

— — An Acte that the Kings Ma*1' may nominat xxxij psons to puse and make Ecctiasticall f Lawes. J XL - 11 III

— — An Acte for the orderinge of Ecctiasticall Ministers. An Acte for the ordering of Ecctiasticall I Mynysters. xn. 11 ia 113

— — An Acte for the Restitution in bloude of 1 Sr Will'm Sharyngton Knighte. J XIII. - aa 113

— - An Act of the Restitution of Mary Seymo' "I dawghter to the Lorde Seymo' late V Admirall of England. J XIV. - 23 "3

— — An Acte against fonde and fantasticall I Prophesies. XV. - •3 114

— ' - An Acte towching the Punyshment of! Vacabondf and other ydle Parsons. J An Art atrpvnsf unlawful! hunfintip in any ^ XVI. — 14 "5

Ail ALL atICyllol utuavuuu iiuuiuieg 111 auj 1 Parck Forrest Chace or other enclosed V grownde. J XVII. — *5 I,7

— — - An Acte concemynge the Fee Fermes 1 mencioned in the last Session. j XVIII. — 16 118

— An Acte for the buyinge of Rother Beastf and Cattell. An Acte for bying and selling of Rother 1 Beastf and Cattell. J XIX. 1a *7 119

( xi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATE. TITLE oe DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER Paoi

AD. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of th« Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of thia Volume.

1549-50- Edw. VL An. 3&4. continued. On the Roll. An Acte touchinge the Repeale of a certeyne braunche of an Acte passed in the laste Session of this Parliament concerning Vyttualers and Artyficers. On the Act. An Acte touching the Repeale of a certaine 'j br*unche of an Acte passed in the last 1 Sessyon of this Parliament concerning [ Vittaillers and Artificers. XX. *3 18 120

— — An Acte for buyinge and sellinge of Butter and Cheese. An Acte concernyng the byeing & selling ) of Butter & Chease. ) XXI. *4 *9 120

— — - An Acte concernyng reteynyng of > Jo'neymen by dyvse psons. f XXII. — 20 121

An Acte concernyng the Releasse of the 'j brunches in the last Acte of Reliefs I for the paymentf for Shepe and Clothes; > and also a g*unte of a Subsidie to be 1 payed in one yere. J XXIII. — 21 122

— — - An Act of the Kings Highnes most free ) and generall Pardon. ) XXIV. - 24 I25

— — - An Acte for thappoynting of a Churche ) Yarde at West Drayton. f • — *5 —

— — - An Acte concerning the Citie of Chester I for Weares in the Ryver of Dee. J • - 26 —

— - The Bill concerning Devidentf and > Quotidians in the Churche of Welles. ) • - 27 -

[ 1 ] of Will*m West during his' lyffe onlye. Wm West disenherited. 1 illegible on the Act. [An Act for disenheriting of Wittm West during his Life.—Calendar."] • — 28 -

— — An Acte for the Resdtuc&n in Bludd of I Thomas Isleye. ) • - 29 —

— — An Acte for the Restitution in Bloude of ) S' Will*m Hussey Knight. > S' Wittm Hussey. J - 3° -

An Acte touching the Fyne and Rawnsome ^ of the Duke of Somersett. J • — 3‘ —

1551-a. An. 5&6. An Acte for the Unyformytie of Comon Prayer and Administrac&n of the Sacramentf. An Acte for the Uniformitie of Servyce I and administracon of the Sacramentf J-throughe owt the Realme. ) I. I I *3°

— For the Provisyon and Relief of the ( Poore. $ n. — 2 ‘3‘

— An Acte agaynstc fightinge and quarelinge in Churches and Churcheyardf. An Acte for the keping of Hollie dayes ) and Fastinge dayes. > in IV. — 3 132

Churches and Churche Yardes. ) 2 4 *33

— ' An Acte for the maynten’nce and encreace ) of Tyllage and Come. ) V. — 5 ‘34

— An Acte for the makinge of Wollen Clothe. An Acte for the true makyng of Wollen > Clothe. VI. 3 6 ‘36

( »i )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of thr ACT. NUMBER

Pack

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Ok thr Roll. Oh the Act.

Edw.VI. = —

•551-2- An. 5 & 6. An Acte lymittinge the tymes of buyinge An Acte for bying of Wolles. I

and sellinge of Woolles. An Acte lymiting the tymes of buying and >■ selling of Woollf. ) VIL 4 7 x4i

— An Acte lymittinge what psons shall weave or make brode Wollen Clothe. An Acte lymiting what Parsons shall weave \ or make broade Wollen Clothe. j vm. 5 8 142

— An Acte that noe man robbinge any House Boothe or Tent shall not be admytted to the benefytt of his Clergie. An Acte for the taking away of the benefytt 1 of the Clargie from certaine Offendo". j IX. 6 9 142

— An Acte to take awaye the benefyte of Clergye from suche as robbe in one Shire and flye into an other. Byll of Clergy ayenst Offendo's. -\ Byll to put certen Offendors from theyr 1 Clergy. V X. 7 IO *43

An Acte for the avoyding of Clergye from 1 dyv^se Offendo's. )

— — An Acte for the punyshment of d$se Treasons. An Acte for ponyshc* of dyv’se Treasons. XL 8 11 144

" — An Acte for the declaracbn of a Statute made for the Marriage of Priests, and for the legittimacbn of their Children. [- - - -1} touching the declaracbn of a Statute made for the maryage of Preistf 1 and for the legittimacbn of their children. / XIL 9 12 146

1 defaced—An Act, Calendar. J

An Acte for the Declaracbn of a Statute made in the one and thirtieth yere of Kinge Henrye the Eighte towchinge Religious psons. An Acte for the declaracbn of an Act 1 made in the xxxj,h yere of King Henry i theight touching Religious Parsons. J . XIII. IO *3 x47

— An Acte againste Regratours Forestallers and Engrossers. An Acte against Regrato" Forstallo" and Ingrossers. J XIV. ii 14 148

— An Acte againste Regratours of tanned Lether. An Acte against Regrato" and Ingrossers of tanned Leather. r XV. 12 >5 *5°

— An Acte againste buyinge and sellinge of Offices. Against buying & selling of Officf. XVI. *3 16 X5X

— An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutf. An Acte for contynuance of dyvW Acts. XVII. 14 *7 x53

An Acte repealinge a Statute made in the fourthe yere of KingeHenrie the Seaventh againste the bringinge in ofWyne and Woade in strange Bottoms. An Acte for the repealing of an Acte made made in the iiij"' yere of King Henry the 1 viju* against the bringing in ofWyne and r Woade in Strangers Botomes. XVIII. IJ 18 •54

— — An Acte towchinge the exchaunge of Golde and Sylver. An Acte touching the Exchange of Golde > and Sylver. j XIX. 16 >9 *54

— — A Byll against Usurie. XX. - 20 155

— — An Acte for Tynckers and Pedlers. An Acte against Tynkars and Pedlars. XXI. >7 21 >55

— — An Acte for the puttinge downe of Gygg Millet. An Acte for the putting down of Gigge ) Myllf. j XXII. 18 22 156

— — An Acte for the true stuffynge of Feather-beddf Mattresses and Quyssheons. An Acte far true stuffing of Fetherbeddf > Bolsters Mattresses & Quysshios. j XXIII. *9 23 156

— — An Acte for the makinge of Hattf Domyckf and Coverlettf at Norwiche, and in the County of Norff. An Acte for makyng Hattf Domyckf and ) Coverlettf at Norwyche and in Norff. j XXIV. 20 24 156

— An Acte for Kepers of Alehouses to be bounde by Recognizauncf. For Kepars of Alehouses and Tipling ) Howses to be bounde by Recognisance. ) XXV. 21 25 *57

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATS. TITLE o* DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER Pace

AD. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the RoU in Chancery. Of the Original AO in Parliament. ofthu Volume.

*55*>- Edw.VI. An. 5 & 6. continued. On thi Roll. An Acte for Writtes upon Pclamacfins and Exigentf to be currant within the Countye Palantyne of Lancaster. On the Act. Lancastr. 'I An Acte for Writtf of Proclamacbns upon I Exigendf to be currant in the Countye Palantyne of Lancastr. J XXVI. 32 16 158

For thassur*unce of the Mannor of Meryvall' in the Countie of Warwyk w* certaine other Landes to Wittm Devereux during his lyes. An Act assuringe of Merwell to W. Deverex. Act assuring the Manor of Merivall to Sr W" Devereux. • — 27 —

' • • • • For thassuraunce of certaine Landes solde I by the Kyngf MaUc to the Mayor and £■ Citie of London. ) • — 28 —

Mr.Nevellf Bill. 'I There is another Title indorsed on this Act, I but which is illegible. The Title in the r Calendar is An Act for Restitution of 1 the Heires of Sr Jo" Nevill. J • — 29 —

An Acte touching the maryage of the-v L. Marques of Northampton and the 1 Lady Elisabeth his Wief. L. Mar* North, and L. Elisab his Wyf. J • — 3° —

— — - - An Acte for the Restitucdn in Bloode of I. Sr John Forteskewe. ) • — 3* —

— — - - Act concerning the Lady Bergavenys 1 Joynture. J • — 3a

— - - - For making Denizens of the Wyves and I Children of Ed. Allen John Rogers > John Madwell & James Bylney. j * — 33 —

— — - . [An Act for Foundac&n of a Grammar ) Schoole at Pocklington.—Calendar.] ) • 34 \ musing ) —

— — - . [An Act for frustrating Assurances to the 1 D. of Sofisett made by the Earle of > Oxford.—Calendar.'] ) • 35 \ musing y —

An Acte for the newe erection of the 'I Cathedrall Churche of S‘ Peter of 1 Westm and for the uniting of the same [► to the Jurisdiction of the Bisshopp of 1 London. J • — 36 —

An Act touching the Limitacon of the late ) Duke of Somersettf Lands. ) • 37

( *iv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward VI.

DATE. TITLE ob DESCRIPTION of thb ACT. NUMBER Pass

a.d. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter at printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Edw. VI. Oh thb Rou. On thb Act.

*55a"3* An. 7. An Acte for the true aunsweringe of the Kinges Majesties Revenues. An Acte for the true answering of the ) Kyngf Ma'1" Revenues. f L 3 1 161

— — An Acte for the dissolving uniting or annexing of certayne Courtes latelie erected by the King that deade ys. An Acte for thestablishing uniting or 1 dissolving of certaine Courtes newlie > erected by the King that deade is. ) U. a 2 164

— — An Acte for the confirmac&n of Ires Patentf notwithstanding the misnaminge of anny thinge contained in the same. An Acte for the Confirmation of tres patentf 1 notwithstanding the misnaminge of any > thing contained in the same. } m. I 3 165

— — An Acte that all Patentees of Collectour-shippes of Tenthes shalbe bounde for their Collections. An Acte that all Patenties of Collecto'-1 shippf of Tenthes to be bownde by > Recognisance. j IV. 4 4 167

— — An Acte to avoyde the great price and excesse of Wynes. The Acte to avoyde excesse of Wynes. V. S 5 168

An Acte reviving a Statute made in the xvijth yere of King Edwarde the Fourthe, touching the carrieng of Golde and Sylver out of the Realme. An Acte for the reviving of a Statute made *1 in the xvij,h yere of King Edwarde the ( iiijth touching the carrying owt of Golde j and Sylver. J VL 6 6 170

— — An Acte for the Assise of Fuell. An Acte for thassise of Fuell. vu. 7 7 171

— — An Acte for the true fulling and thicking of Cappes. An Acte for fullyng and thyckyng of \ Cappes. ) VIII. 8 8 172

— — An Acte for the true making of White playne Streightes and pynned White Streightes in Devon and Cornewall. Whit playne Stretf and pynned whit stretf ) in Devon & Cornwall. ) IX. 9 9 172

— — An Acte for the uniting and annexing of the Towne of Gatesyde to the Towne of Newcastell uppon Tyne. An Acte for the unting and annexing of 1 the Towne of Gatesyde to the Towne of > Newcastell upon Tyne. J X. 10 10 173

— An Acte for the continuaunce of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the continuance of certaine ) Statutes. j XL I I 11 >75

— — An Act for the Graunt of a Subsidye and ) twoo XV" and X" by the Temporaltie. j XII. - 12 176

— — An Acte for the Confirmac&n of a Subsidie I g'unted by the Clergie. ) Xffl. - >3 190

— — - The Kings Mattl moste free and generall ) Pardone. j XIV. — 14 >93

An Acte for the Dissoluc6n of the Bysshopprick of Durham, and also for the newe erecting of the same Bysshopprike, and one other at Newcastell. An Acte for the Dissoluc&n of the ~| Bisshoppryke of Durham, and also for the newe erectinge of the same > Bisshopryke and one other at New- 1 castell. J • 12 '7 -

— — An Acte for the Restitucbn in bloudde of S' Edwarde Seymer Knight. An Acte for the Restitution in Bloude of > S' Edwarde Seymo' Knight. j • *3 16 -

An Acte to make Denyzens the Children of Richard Hilles and Nicholas Wheler. An Acte to make Denizens the Children of ) Richard Hills and Nicholas Wheler. \ • 14 15 —

( XV )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of th* ACT. NUMBER Pao*

AD. Hdf.. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. ofthu Volume.

*553- Mariae. An.i.st.i. Oh the Roll An Acte repealing certayne Treasons Felonies and Premuni re. Oh the Act. An Acte repealing and taking awaie certaine Treasons Felonies and Caces r of Premunire. * I. i >97

— — An Acte for the Restituc&n in bloude of the Lady Garterede Courtneye late Wyef of Henrye Courtneye late Lorde Marques of Exeter. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of 1 the Lady Garterede Courtney late Wief I of Henry Courtney late Lorde Marques j of Excetre. • 2 3 -

An Acte for the Restituc&n in bloude of S' Edwarde Courtneye Knight Earle of Devon. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of S' Edwarde Courtneye Knight Earle of r Devon. ) • 3 2 -

*553- An.i.st.2. An Acte declaring the Quenes Hyghnes to have bene borne in a most just and lawfull Matrimonie, and also repealing all Actes of Pliament and sentences of Divorce hadd and made to the contrarie. An Acte declaring the Quenes Highnes to 'J have byn borne in a moste just and 1 lawfull Matrimonye, and allso repealing all Acts of Plament and Sentencf of Divorce made or had to the contrarie. J I. 4 I 200

— An Acte for the Repeale of certayne Statutes made in the time of the Raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Syxthe. An Acte for the repeale of certein Acts 1 made in the tyme of Kyng Edward > the vj". ) II. 5 2 202

— An Acte against Offenders of Preachers and other Ministers in the Churche. An Acte against Offendo's of Preachers ) and other Mynysters in the Churche. ) ill. 6 3 203

An Acte touching Writinges made from the syxthe daye of July last paste, and before the first daye of August then next ensuenge. An Acte towching certain Wrytingf made J fro the vju‘ day of July last past to the > first day of August then next ensuyng. ) IV. 7 4 204

— An Acte for the lymytacyon of Prescription in certayne cases. An Acte for the lymitac&n of Prescnptyon > in certaine caces. ) V. 8 5 205

An Acte against counterfaiting of straunge Coignes being currant within thisRealme, or of the Quenes Highnes Signe Manuell Sygnet or Privie Seale. An Acte that the counterfeiting of straunge "j Coines being curr"unte w,hin the Realme, 1 the Quenes Highnes Signe Manuell Signet j or Privye Seale to be adjudged Treasone. J VI. 9 6 20 6

— — An Acte touching Proclamations upon Fines. An Acte touching Pclamac&ns upon Fynes. VII. IO 7 206

— — An Acte that Shiriffes shall not be Justices of Peace during that Office. An Acte that Shirefff shall not be Justices ) of Peax during that Office. ) VIII. I I 8 207

— — An Acte touching thincorporations of the Phisitions in London. An Acte touching the Incorporac&n of the ) Phisic&ns in London. ) IX. 12 9 207

— — An Acte for the uniting dissolving or newe erecting of Courtes. An Acte for the uniting dissolvinge or ) newe erecting of Courtes. ) X. ■3 IO 208

— — An Acte for the Sale of Hattes and Cappes made beyonde the Sea. An Acte towching the Sale of Cappes and 1 Hattf made beyonde the Seas. f XI. *4 II 210

— — An Acte against unlawfull and Rebellyous Assembles. An Acte against unlawfull and rebellious ) Assembles. $ XII. >5 12 211

— — An Acte for the continuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the contynuance of certain ) Statutf. j XIII. 16 18 21S

— — An Acte for the continuance of a Statute made for the reparation of Gaoles. An Acte to cotynue thact for repac&n of ) Gaoles. ) XIV. >7 *3 2lfi

An Acte for the Reedifieng of the Parishe Churche of Saynte Elens in Stanegate within the Citie of Yorcke. An Acte to reedifie the Pishe Churche of J Saint Elens in Stanegate in the Citie of > Yorke. ) XV. 18 >4 2l6

( )

1

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE oi DESCRIPTION of thb ACT. NUMBER Pao*

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Marias. On thb Roll. Oh thb Act.

>553- An. i. st. 2 continued. An Acte for the confirmation of thattaynder of John late Duke of Northumberlande and others. An Acte for the confirma£&n of thattaynder 1 of John late Duke of Northumberland j and others. J XVI. 19 >5 217

— — An Acte for the release of the last Subsidie of the Temporaltie. An Acte for the Releas of the last Subsidie ) by the Quenes Highnes. j XVII. 20 16 218

— An Acte of a Subsidie of Tonnage and Pondage of dyvers Marchaundises. An Acte for a Subsidie called Tonage and ) Pondage of dyvW Marchandizes. j XVIII. 21 27 218

An Acte for the Restitution in Bloudd of S' Thomas Howarde Knight otherwise called Thomas Howarde Earle of Surreye. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of 1 Thomas Howarde Knight otherwise called « Thomas Howarde Earle of Surrey. J * 22 19 -

An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloudd of S'Edwarde Seymour Knight eldest Sonne of the late Duke of Somerset borne of the Ladie Anne his last Wyef. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blode of"] S' Edwarde Seymo' Knighte eldest sonne of the late Duke of Somerset begotten j of the Ladye Anne his last Wyfe. • a3 21 —

— — An Acte for thincorporacon of Merton Colledge in Oxfbrde. An Acte for the Incorporac&n of Merton > Colledge in Oxforde. ) • 24 22 -

— An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloudd of theires of Henry Poole late L. Montague. • a5 — —*

— An Acte for the RestitucSn in Bloudd of S' Marmaduke Cunstable Knight. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of ) S' Marmaduke Conestable Knight. j • 26 28 -

— An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloudd of Thomas Stanope Esquire. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of) Thomas Stanhopp. j • a7 26 —

— An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloodd of Mathewe Arondell Esquire. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of) Mathewe Arrondell. j • 28 25 -

An Acte for keping the Countie days in Cardygan Shiere. An Acte for the keping the Cowntye dayes 'j in Cardigan Shire. I The Towne of Cardigan in Wales for the I Countye dayes. ’ • a9 a3 -

— An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloodd theires of Sr Myles Partriche Knight. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of-) Margerye and Katheryn Partryche. J • 3° 29 -

An Acte to make free Denizens the Wives and Children of Richard Batson Thomas Browne and John Bradley borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte to make free Denizens the Wives and Children of Richard Batson Thomas 1 Browne and John Bradleye being borne j beyond the Sea. J • 31 20 —

— An Acte for the repayring of Shierbourne Cawseye. An Acte to repayer Sherbo'ne Cawsey in the Countyes of Dorsett & Soiftsett. J • 3a 24 —

An Acte repealinge a Statute made in the Fifthe yere of King Edwarde the Syxte touching thapproving the Marriage betwen the Marques of Northampton and Ladye Elizabethe his Wief, and for the legittimac&n of their Children. An Acte for the repeale of a Statute made ' in the Vth yere of King Edwarde the Sixth touching thapproving of the maryage bitwen the Lorde Marques of . North*mpton and Lady Elizabeth his Wief and for the legittimac&n of their Children. • 33 3° —

An Acte declaring the supposed Attaindour of Thomas Duke of Norff to be voyde. An Act declareing the supposed Attainder a of Thomas Duke of Norff to be void I and of none effect. There is also another Title, which is illegible. J • 34 27 —

( xvii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION or the ACT. N U MBE] I Page

AD. feifB. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter primed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

*554- Marias. An.i.st.3. Ok the Roll. An Acte declaring that the Regall Power of this Realme is in the Quenes Ma"e as fully and absolutely as ever it was in any of her moste noble Progenitours Kings of this Realme. Ok the Act. An Acte that the Regall Power of this"! Realme is in the Quenes Ma'1' as ever ( was in any of her moste noble Auncesto's f Kyngf of this Realme. J 1. 35 1 222

— An Acte touching the Articles of the Quenes Highnes most noble Marriage. An Act touching the Articles of the Queenes 1 Highnes moste noble Mariage. J 11. 36 2 222

An Acte for the Repeale of two severall Actes made in the Seventhe yere of King Edward the Syxte touching the dissoluebn of the Bishoprick of Durham. An Act repealing two Adf made A° 7""E. 6. "J touching the Bishopricke of Durham. ! There it another Title mdorted on the Act, but j which u illegible. ) m. 37 3 226

— An Acte for thestablishing of thoffice of the L. Steward of the Quenes Majesties most Honourable Housholde. An Acte for thestablishemente of thauctoritie 'I of the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes > Ma'" moste Honorable Housholde. J IV. 38 4 229

— An Acte for the Continuac&n of a Statute made for the repairing of Shirbourne Causeye. Illegible. "1 [An Acte concerning a Statute made for f Sherborne Cawseway.—Calendar.'] ' V. 39 5 230

— An Acte for the repairing of a Cawseie betwext Bristowe and Gloucestre. An Acte to repayer the Cawsey betwixt 1 Bristowe & Gloucestre. J VI. 40 >3 231

— An Acte touching Cloth making in Corporate Townes and Market Townes. An Acte touchyng Cloth makyng in 1 Corporate Townes & Markett Tounes. J VIL 41 6 232

— An Acte touching the buieng and corrieng of Leather. An Acte touching the buying and currying 1 of Lether. J vni. 42 7 232

— An Acte touching Ordin*nces and Rules in Cathedrall Churches and Scooles. An Acte touching Orden*ncf & Rules in "1 Cathedrall Churches & Scooles. J IX. 43 9 *33

An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made for the uniting of the Parishe Churches of Onger and Grenestede in the Countie of Essexe. An Acte to repeale an Acte made for the Unyon of the Pishe Churches of Ongar > and Greenestede in Essex. J X. 44 8 *34

— An Acte touching the Sea Sandes in Glamorganshire. An Acte touching the Sea Sandf in 1 Glamorganshire. J XI. 45 10 *35

— An Acte for the continuacftn of certayn Statutes. An Acte for the contynuance of certaine 1 Statutf. J XII. 46 11 236

— An Acte for the restituc&n in Bloudd of S' William Parre Knight late Marques of Northapf. - • 47

An Acte for thassurance of the Manours of Geywoodde and Rising in the Countie of Norff to the Earle of Surreye. An Acte for the restitucon and assurance 'j of the Manno" of Gaywood and Rising ( to Thomas Howarde Knight otherwise [ called Thomas Howarde Earle of Surreye. J 48 14 —

An Acte for the ratifieng of thestate of Dame Lucye Clifforde in the Manour of Burston Hawghe. An Acte for the Lady Clifford. • 49 12

( xviii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original AA Parliament. of this Volume.

On the Roll. On the Act.

Ph.&Mar =

1554-5- An. i & 2 An Acte touchinge Ires patentes and other writinges to be signed by the Quenes Majestie. An Acte touching Ires Patentf and other Wrytingf to be signed by the Qwenes > Magestye. J I. I I 238

— An Acte for the Reformac6n of Excesse in Apparaile. An Acte to avoyde the Excesse in Apparaile. n. 2 2 339

— — An Acte against Sedityous Woordes and Rumours. An Acte against sedicious Rumours and "1 Wordes. J hi. 3 3 240

— — An Acte for the punishement of certayne Persons calling themselves Egiptians. An Acte against certeyn psones callyng J themsellff Egypcians. J IV. 4 4 242

— — An Acte to restrayne carrieng of Come Victuals and Wood over the Sea. An Acte to restrayne carying of Corne \ Victuallf & Woodde o9 the Seas. J V. 5 5 243

— — An Acte for the renueng of three Estatutes made for the punishement of Heresies. An Acte to revyve three Estatutf made for 1 Ponyshmet of Heresies. J VI. 6 6 244

' ‘ An Acte that persons dwelling in the Cowtreye shall not sell divers wares in Cities and Townes Corporate by Retaile. An Acte that psons dwelling in the Countrey shall not sell dyvse Wares in Cities or > Townes Corporate by Retaill. j VII. 7 7 244

An Acte repealing all Statutes Articles and Provisions made against the See Apostolick of Rome since the xx"1 yere of King Henry theight, and also for thestablishinent of all Spyrytuall and Ecclesiasticall Possessions and Heredita-mentes conveyed to the Layetye. An Acte repealing all Statutf Articles' and Provisions made against the See Apostolyke of Rome sithens the xx"1 yere of King Henry theyght, and for « thestablishment of all Spuall and Ecclesiasticall Possessions and Hereditamentf conveied to the Layetye. VIII. 8 8 246

— — An Acte for the punishment of Traterous woordes against the Queenes Mau'. An Acte for ponyshem' of trayterousWordf I against the Quenes MaUe. IX. 9 9 354

An Acte wherby certayne Offences bee made Tresons, and also for the Govemement of the Kinges and Quenes Majesties Issue. An Acte that certeyn Offencf be made ^ Treasons. 1 Item for the GovViement of the Kyngf and f Quenes Ma’" Issue. / X. IO IO 355

An Acte for the punishement of bringing in of counterfaite Coine of forreyneRealmes being currant within this Realme. An Acte for the punishment of the bringing'v in of counterfaite Coyne of Forrayne 1 Realmes being currante within this J Realme. J XL II I I 258

— — An Acte touching thimpounding of Distresses. An Acte for the ympounding of Distresses. XII. 12 12 258

— — An Act appointing an Order to Justices of Peace for the Bailement of Prisoners. An Acte touching Baylement of P'soners. xra. *3 >3 259

— — An Act for the making of Russelles Sattins Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples in the Citie of Norwiche. An Acte for making of Russellf Sattens Sattins RePsies and Fustians of Naples > in Norwyche. J XIV. 14 14 260

— — An Act to confirme the Lyberties of the Lordes Marchers in Wales. Illegible. -n [An Act to confirme the Liberties of the r L. Marchers in Wales.—Calendar.~] ' XV. 15 *5 262

— — An Act for the continuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the continuance of certain 1 Statutes. / XVI. 16 >7 263

— — An Act towching Leases hereafter to bee made by certaine Spirituall psons. An Acte touching Leasses hereafter to be 1 made by certeyn Spuall psones. J XVII. *7 16 264

— — t An Acte repealing thattainder of the Lorde Cardynall Pole. An Acte repealing the Attayndor of the 1 Lord Cardynall Poole. J • i8 18 -

( xix )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Re*- IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Ph.&Mar. On the Roll. On the Act.

>554-5. An. i & a- continued. t An Acte repealing all Attainders and Outlauries had or made ageinst Richarde Pate William Petowe Thomas Goldewell and others. An Acte repealing thowtlaries and other'. Attayndo's had or made against Richard I Pate Bisshoppe Willyam Petoe and others, r Rich Pate et at. J • >9 20 —

— — t An Acte for the confirmac&n of thattayndou's of Henrye late Duke of Suff his Bretherne and dyvers others. An Acte for the Confirmac&n of thatteyndo" 1 of Henry late Duke of Suff and others. J • 20 21 —

t An Acte for the uniting and annexing of the whole Towne or Hamlett of Bucknell to the Countie of Saloppe. An Act for the uniting and annexing of the "J hole Towne and Hamelet of Bucknell to > the Countie of Salopp. J • 21 >9 —

>555- An. a & An Acte for the Reedyfieng of Castelles and Fortes and for thenclosing of Growndes from the Borders towardes and against Scotlande. An Acte for the Reedefying and making "j newe of certaine Castellf and Fortes 1 and the enclosing of certaine Landes for V the encrease of Tyllage in the North pties foranempst Scotlande. J L I I 266

An Acte for the Reedyfieng of decayed Houses of Husbandrie and for thencrease of Tyllage. An Acte for reedyfying of decayed Houses 1 of Husbandrie and encrease of Tillage. J II. 2 2 269

An Acte for the kepyng of Milche Kyne and for the breadyng and rearing of Calves. An Acte for kepyng of Mvlche Kyen and 1 for bredyng Sc rearing of Callves. HI. 3 3 *74

An Acte for thextinguishement of the Fyrst Fruites, and touching Order and Disposition of the Tenthes of Spirituall and Ecclesiasdcall Promotyons and of Rectories and Parsonagies Impropriate remayning in the Quenes Majesties An Acte for thextinguishement of the first "1 Fruitf and touching Order and Disposic&n 1 of Rectories Si Psonages Impropriate and > of the Tenthes of Eccfiasticall Promoc&ns remayning in the Quenes Ma1'1 handes. J IV. 4 4 *75

— — An Acte for the Reliefs of the Poore. An Acte for the Reliefs of pore People. V. 5 5 280

• — An Acte against thexcessive taking of Purveyours. An Acte against the excessive takyng of the ") Kyng and Qwenes Ma,lc’ Purveyo's. j VI. 6 6 282

— An Acte against the byeng of stolen Horses. An Acte against the buying of stollen 1 Horses. j VII. 7 7 383

— — An Acte for thamendyng of Highe Wayes. The Statute for the amendyng of Hygh 1 Ways. j VIII. 8 8 284

" ~ An Acte to make voyde dyvers Lycences of Houses wherin unlawfull Games bee used. An Acte to avoyde dyv’se Lycences for 1 Houses where unlawful Games be used, j IX. 9 9 285

— An Acte to take thexaminac&n of Prysoners suspected of Manslaughter or Felonye. An Acte to take exaiation of Fsoners 'j suspected of any Manslaughter or J, Felonye. j X. IO to 286

— — An Acte touching Weavers. An Acte touching Weavers. XI. ii I I 286

— — An Acte for the vieuyng and seling of Clothes called Bridgewaters. An Acte for the viewing & sealing of) Clothes coenly called Bridgewaters, &c. J XU. 12 12 287

■ — An Acte for thinhabitantes of Halyfaxe touching the byeng of Woolles. An Acte for thenhabitantf of Halyfaxe to > buye Wolles. j XIII. >3 >3 288

— An Acte for the Reedifieng of iiij Milles near the Citie of Hereforde. An Acte for Reedyfying of sower Mylles 1 nere the Citie of Hereford. XIV. 14 >4 288

( )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of thb ACT. NUMBER Paoe

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Ph.&Mar. On the Roll. On the Act.

>555- An. 2 & 3. continued. An Acte that Purveyoures shall not take Victalles w^in v. miles of Cambridge or Oxforde. An Acte that P'veyo's shall not take "1 Victuallf w*in Fyve Myles of Cambrige ? or Oxford. J XV. 15 1S 289

— — An Acte towchyng Watermen and Bargemen upon the River of Thamys. An Acte touching Watermen & Bargemen \ upon the Ryver of Thamyse. J XVI. 16 '7 29O

An Act to take away the Benefite of Clergie from Benet Smythe for the Murther of Rufforde. An Acte to punishe Benet Smythe for the 'j Murder of Giles Rufforde. 1 An Acte to take awaie Clergye from Benet j Smyth for Murder of Rufford. J XVII. >7 16 292

— An Acte touching Comissions of the Peace and Gaole Delyverye in Townes Cor-porate not being Counties in themselfes. An Acte touching Comyssions of the "J Peax and of Gaole DelyVye in Townes / Corporate not being Counties. J XVIII. 18 18 393

— An Acte touching Poodyke in Marshelande. An Act to revive a Statute made A" xxijd° 1 H. viij. touching Powdyke in Marshelande. j XIX. >9 •9 294

— — An Act for thenlargyng of the Duchye of Lancastree. For the Duchie of Lancastre. XX. 20 20 294

— — An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the contynuac&n of certaine 1 Statutes. J XXI. 21 21 296

— — t An Acte for the Confirmacon of a Subsidie graunted by the Clergie. An Acte for the confirmation of a Subsidie ") gr'unted by the Clergie. J XXII. - 24 297

— — t An Acte of a Subsydye graunted by the Temporaltie. \n Acte for a Subsidie to the Kyng and 1 Quenes Mau". j XXIII. - 35 3°i

An Acte wherby the Duke of Norff by thadvice of the L. Chauncello' of Englande Therle of Arondell and the Bisshoppe of Ely may make sales and gruntes of his Landes &c. notwithstanding his Minoritee. An Acte that the Duke of Norff by') thadvise of the Lorde Ch’uncelor Therle 1 of Arundell and the Bysshopp of Elye > may make Sale and Gr*untf during his I Minoritie. J • *3 33 -

An Acte wherby theyres of S' Edwarde Nevyle Knight arre restored to the remaynder of the Barronnye of Burgavenye. An Acte conceminge the Restituc&n of') the Heirf males of Sr Edwarde Nevyle > Knight. J 22 22 -

15S7-8- An. 4 & 5 An Acte for the Confirmation of Letters Patentes. An Acte for the having of Horse Armour and Weapon. An Act for Confirmacon of Ires Patentf. Illegible. [An Act for haveing of Horse Armour and / Weapon.—Calendar.j J I. II. 1 2 1 2 3*4 316

An Acte for the taking of Musters. Illegible. 1 [An Act for taking of Musters.—Calendar.J III. 3 3 320

— An Acte that Accessaries in Murder and divers Felonies shall not have the benefitte of Clergie. An Acte that Accessaries in Murder and ~) dyVse Felonyes shall not have benyfite of > Clergie. J IV. 4 4 332

— An Acte towching the making of Wollen Clothes. Illegible. [An Acte touching makeing of Woolen r Clothes.—Calendar.] ' V. 5 5 333

— — An Acte tenquire of the behaviour of Frenchemen being Denizens. An Acte tenquyre of Frenchemen beyng 1 Denyzens. J VI. 6 6 326

~ An Acte to make uppe the Jurie withe Circumstantibj where the King and Quenes Majesties is a ptie. An Acte to make up the Jury w‘ circustantibj *) where the Kyng and Quenes Matle* or the > Quenes Ma" is a ptye. J VII. 7 7 328

Go

( xxi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed, in the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary.

DATE. TITLE o> DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER P*8C

A.D. Rnp. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chepter u pnnt«L On the Roll Chancery. or tht Original Act M primed. of this Volume.

Ph. &Mar. On the Roll. On the Act.

1557-8. A1L4&5. continued. An Acte for the punishement of suche as shall take away Maydens that bee Inheritoures being within thage of xvj yeres, or that marrie them without consent of their Parentes. An Acte for the ponyshement of suche as 'I shall take awaye any Women that be 1 Inherito's being w*in age of xvj yeres V or marye them w^out consent of their 1 Parents. J VI1L 8 8 3J9

— — An Acte for the Continuacon of certaine Statutes. An Acte for the contynuation of certaine 1 Statutes. J XI. 9 9 33°

— — An Acte for the Confirmac&n of a Subsidie 1 gr*unted by the Clergie. J X. — »5 332

— * An Acte of a Subsidie and one XV"' "1 granted by the Lords and Comunz. J IX. — 16 336

" An Acte for thassurance of Thonno' of Raileye to the Queues Ma". An Acte for thassurance of the Hono' of"| Raleigh to the Quenes Ma’" from the > Lorde Ryche. J • 10 1 1 i

— An Acte for thassurance of the Countes of Sussexe Joynter. An Act for the Juncture of the Countesse J of Sussex. j • 11 >3 -

— —"" An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloodde of S' Ambrose Dudleye and S' Robert Dudleye Knyghtes. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of'j S' Ambrose Dudleye and S' Robert > Dudleye Knightes. ) 12 12 -1

- An Acte for the foundac&n of an Hospitall at Stoke Puges in the Countie of Buckingham. An Acte for the foundaii&n of the Hospitall') of Stokepuges in the Countye of Buck by the Lorde Hastingf of Loughborough. J *3 >4 -

" An Acte for the paiment of Tithes in the Citie of Coventrie. An Acte for the payment of Tithes in the ] Citie of Coventrye. J • >4 IO 1 _ 1 1 j

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE ob DESCRlFflON of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Reifn. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Oruiual Att Parliament. of this Volume, j I 1

Eliz. On trb Roll. On the Act 1

t 558-9. An. 1. An Acte restoring to the Crowne thaucyent Jurisdiction over the State Ecdesiasticall and Spuall and abolyshing all Forreine Power repugnaunt to the same. [ 1 ] Crowne the ancyent jurisdiction "j over the Acte Ecctiasticall and Spuall and j abolishing all Foreyn Power repugnant I to the same. [• illegible.—An Act restoring to the Calendar.'] J I. 1 1 35° 1 \ j

An Acte for the Uniformitie of Common Prayoure and Dyvyne Service in the Churche and the Administration of the Sacramentcs. An Acte for the Uniformitie of Comon ~J Prayer and Service in the Church and > Administration of the Sacramentf. J 11. 2 2 355

— An Acte of Recognition of the Quenes Highnes Title to the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme. An Acte of Recognition of the Queenes ^ Highnes Tytle to the Imperiall Crowne > of this Realme. J III. 3 3 358

( xxii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 01 DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER

Of the Chapter printed. On the Of the of thia

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Chancery in Parliament Volume.

Oh the Roll. Oh the Act.

Eliz. — —

*558*9 An. 1. continued. An Act for the Restitution of the First Fruites and Tenthes and Rentes reserved Nomine Decime and of Parsonages Impropriate, to Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme. An Act for the Restitution of the First Fruitf to the Crowne. There it another Title indorsed on the Jet, but 1 which is illegible. J IV. 4 359

— An Acte whereby certayne Offences be made Treason. An Acte whereby certaine Offences be made 1 Treason. J V. 5 5 365

— i 1 An Acte for the explanation of the Statute of sedytyous Wordes and Rumours. An Acte for the Explanation of the Statute 1 of sedycious Words and Rumours. J VL 6 6 366

: I i . An Acte to revive a Statute made in the xxiij'h yere of the Reigne of King Henrye the Eight, touching the conveieng of Horses Geldinges and Mares into Scotlande. An Acte for the reviving of a Statute made "I in the xxiij1*1 yere of King Henry the Eight touching the conveying of Horsses > Geldingf and Mares into Scotlande w^owt Lycence. J VII. 7 7 3*7

— An Acte touching Shoomakers and Corryours. Illegible. -v [An Act ag* Shoomakers and Curriers.— > Calendar.} J vra. 8 8 368

— i An Acte touching Tanners and the selling of tanned Leather. An Acte towching Tanners and selling of 1 tanned Leather. J IX. 9 9 369

| 1 An Acte that the caryeng of Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides owt of the Realme for Marchandise shall bee Felonye. An Acte that carying of Lether Tallowe or 'I Rawe Hydes out of the Realme for > mchandize shalbe Felonye. J X. 10 IO 37°

' An Acte lymiting the tymes for layeng on Lande Marchandise from beyonde the Seas and touching Customes for Sweete Wines. An Acte lymiting the tyme for laying on "J Land mchandyzes from beyonde the I Seas and touching Customes for suete ( Wynes. J XI. II II 373

— — An Acte against the deceiptfull using of Lynnen Clothe. An Acte against the deceitfull using of 1 Lynen Clothe. f xn. 1a IS 374

— An Acte for the Shipping in Englishe Botomes. An Acte for shipping in English Bottoms. xin. *3 •4 375

■— An Acte for the continuance of the makinge of Woollen Clothe in dyvers Townes in the Cowntie of Essexe. An Act for makyng of Wollen Clothes in 1 dyVse Townes in the Countye of Essex. J XIV. *4 *3 37<>

— An Acte that Tvmber shall not bee felled to make Coles for the making of Iron. An Acte that Tymber shall not be felled to 1 make Coles for burnyng Ieme. XV. *5 *5 377

1 — An Acte to continue Thacte made against rebellyous Assemblyes. An Acte to contynue thacte made against 1 Rebellious Assemblyes. j XVI. 16 16 377

1 — An Acte for the Preservac&n of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe. An Acte for p>servac&n of Spawne and Frie ") of Fyshe. j xvn. *7 *7 378

1 — An Acte for the continuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the contynuance of certaine 1 Statutf. J XVIII. 18 *9 379

An Acte giving Aucthoritie to the Quenes Majestie uppon thadvoidance of any Archebisshoppriche or Bishoppriche to take into her handes, certeine of the Temporall Possessions thereof, recompensing the same with Psonages impropriate and Tenthes. An Acte giving Aucthoritie to the Quenes Ma"e upon the avoyd*nce of any Arche-bisshoppricke or Bisshopricke to take into her handes certaine of the Temporall . Possessions thereof recompensing the same w01 Psonages impropriate and Tenthes. XIX. 3<> 40 381

— — An Acte of the Subsidye of Tonage and Pondage. An Acte for a Subsidye of Tonnage and 1 Pondage of Mchandize. j XX. 40 18 38a

— — " " " An Acte of a Subsidye and ij XVU and X*1 1 by the Tempaltye. J XXI. — ao 384

( xxiii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE oi DESCRIPTION or th* ACT. NUMBER Pact

A O. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter u priucad. On the RuU in Chancery. Of the Original An ia Parliament. nf this Volume.

Eliz. Oh the Roll. Oh the Act.

1558'9- An. i. continued. An Acte wherby the Quenes Highness raaye make Ordinaunces and Rules in Churches Collegiate Corporac&ns and Scholes. An Acte that the Quenes Ma"* maye 1 make Ordin*ncf and Rules in Collegiate > Churches Corpac&ns and Schooles. j XXII. 3i 33 397

— " ' " An Acte wherby the Quenes Highnes is restored in bloode to the late Quene Anne her Highnes Mother. An Acte wherby the Quenes Highnes is f restored in Bloude to the late Quene > Anne her Highnes Mother. ) XXIII. •9 21 397

An Acte to annexe to the Crowne certayne Religious Howses and Monasteries and to refourme certayne Abuses in Chantreis. An Acte to annexe to the Crowne certeyn ’ Religious Houses, and to refo'me certeyn Abuses in Chantreys. On a slip of Paper pinned to this Act the , following Title is written in a more modem Hand An Acte to aiiex to the Crowne certaine Religious Houses and to confrme certaine Abuses in Chauntryes. . XXIV. 39 41 397

— An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blood of the Lorde John Graye. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of > Lorde John Graye. j • 20 22 —

— An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloode of S' James Croftes Knight. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloude of \ S' James Croftes Knight. ) • 21 a3 -

" An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloodde of S' Henrye Gates Knight. An Acte for the Resticuc&n in Bloode of \ S' Henry Gates Knight. j • 22 24 — I

An Acte for the Assurance of certayne Landes to the Lorde Wentwoorthe, the Lorde Ryche and the Lord Darcie of Chechie. An Acte for Assurance of Londf to the 1 Lorde Wentworth Lorde Ryche and > Lorde Darcye. J • «3 35 —

An Acte that Garsome Wrothe borne in Germanye shall bee taken and reputed the Quenes naturall borne Subjecte. Mr Wrothe. An Acte that Gersome Wrothe borne in (, Germanye shalbe reputed the Quenes f naturall Subject borne. J 24 26 -

" An Acte to chaunge the Nature of Gavell Kynde certaine Landes of thinheritance of Thomas Browne and George Browne Esquiers. An Acte chaunging the Nature of Gavel- kynde of the Londf of Thom's Browne > and George Browne. J • «5 28 —

— — An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloodd of Robert Rudston Esquire. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of ) Robert Rudston Esquire. j • 26 27 —

— — An Acte declaring the Repeale of thattaindour of the late Cardinall Poole. A Declaration of the Repeale of thatteyndo' ) of the late Cardynall Poole. j • 27 29 —

— — An Acte for thincorporac&n of Trinitie Hall in Cambridge. An Acte for the Incorpac&n of Trynytie ) Hall in Cambridge. J • 28 3° — 1

An Acte for the Ratificac&n of the marriage betwene the Duke of Norff and Ladie Margaret nowe his Wief, and for thassurance of certaine Landes for her Joynture. An Acte for the Ratificac&n of the Mariage 1 betwene the Duke of Norff and Lady 1 Margaret nowe his Wife, and for ? thassurance of certain Landes for her Joynture. J • 29 3* -

An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloodde of the Children of Edward Lewkeno' Esquire. An Acte to restore in Blood the Sonnes 1 and Daughters of Edwarde Lewkeno' f Esquyer. ) • 3° 32 -

' An Acte to revive a faire at Lynne Regis in Norff. An Acte to revyve a Fayer at Lynne in > Norffolche. ) • 32 34 —

An Acte for the making a Chappell in Caermarthen Shiere to be a Pishe Churche.

to be a Sishe Churche. ? « 33 35

( xxiv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION or thk ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.O. Rei,n IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roil Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Eliz. On thb Roll. On th* Act.

1558-9. An. 1. continued. An Acte for thassurance of certaine Landes late pcell of the tiishopriche of Winchestre to dyvers Patentees of King Edwarde the Syxthe. An Acte for thassurance of Lands late'v pcell of the Bisshoppricke of Wynchester 1 to dyvs Patentyes of Kyng Edward the ( Sixthe. J • 34 36 -

' — An Acte for thassises and Sessions for the Cowntie of Staff to bee holden in the Towne of Stafforde. An Acte for Assises and Sessions to be 1 holden in the Towne of Stafford. j • 35 37 -

An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blodde of the Lorde Dacres of the Sowthe. The Lorde Dacres of the Southe. Restituc&n of Blood for my Lorde Dacres V of the Southe. J • 3,{ 41} 38 > -

— An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blood of Henrye Howarde Jane Howarde and Katheryne Wief to the Lorde Barckeleye. Illegible. ■n [An Act of Restituc&n of Henry Howard > & others.—Calendar.] 3 • 38 39 —

1562-3. An. 5. An Acte for thassurance of the Quenes Ma'" Royall Power over all Estates and Subjectes within her Highnes Dominions. An Acte for thassurance of the Quenes Royall Power over all States and Subjects r w,hin her Domynyons. ) I. 1 1 402

1 I — An Acte for the mayntenance and encreace of Tyllage. An Acte for the maynten"nce of Tyllage. n. 2 4 406

— — An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore. hi. 3 18 411

i — An Acte towching dyvers Orders for Artificers Laborers Servantes of Husbandrye and Apprendses. An Acte conteynyng dyverse Orders for Artificers Labourers Servantf of 5" Husbandrye and Apprentices. ) IV. 4 5 414

' i — An Acte towching certayne Politique Constitutions made for the maintenance of the Navye. An Acte touching Politique Constituc6ns 1 for the Maintenance of the Navy. J V. 5 2 422

1 __ j An Acte agaynste such as shall sell anny Ware for Appareill without readye Moneye. An Acte against such as sell any Wares for ~J Apprell without redy Money, to psons 1 undre three thowsande Pounde Lands J or Fees. J VI. 6 3 428

* An Acte for the advoyding of dyvrs forreyne Wares made by Handye Craftesinen beyonde the Seas. Apparell. An Acte avoydyng dyv*se foreyn Wares ( made by Handycraftf men beyonde the Seas. J VII. 7 17 428

— — An Act towching Tanners Courrioure Shoo-makers and other Artyficers occupyeng the cutting of Leather. An Acte touching Tanners Curryo's Shoo- 3 makers and other Artificers occupying /■ the working of Leather. ) vm. 8 6 429

1 1 An Act for the Punyshement of suche persones as shall procure or comit any wyllfull Perjurye. An Acte for ponyshement of such psons as shall pcure or comytt any wilfull S Perjurye. ) IX. 9 7 436 1

1 I . ! An Act to revyve a Statute made Anno xxj° H. Octavi towching Servantes embeasel-yng theyr Maysters Gooddes. An Acte revivinge an Estatute made Anno 1 xxj° H. viiij°, touching S'v*ntf embesel- > yng their MM Goods. ) X. 10 8 438

— — An Act against clyppyng washing rownding or fyling of Coynes. An Act againste the clipping wasshing 1 wrondinge and fyling of the Coynes. / XI. 11 9 439

An Act towchyng Badgers of Come and Drovers of Cattell to be lycensed. An Acte touching Badgers of Come and 1 Drovers of Cattell to be lycenced. J XII. 12 10 439

Gck .ole

( xxv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. R«*S" IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. or th« Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

On the Roll. On the ACT.

Eliz. =

ij6a-3. An. 5. continued. An Act for the contynuyng of a Statute made Anno 2* et 30 Phi et Marie for the amending of Highe Wayes. An Acte for the continuance of the Statute 1 made ij" & iiij° Philippi et Marie for the > Amendement of Highe Wayes. J XIII. *3 11 441

— — An Act against the forgyng of Evydences and Wry tinges. An Acte againste forginge of false Dedes ) and Writings. J XIV. 14 12 443

— An Act against fonde and phantasticall Prophesyes. An Acte againste fonde and fantasticall \ Prophesies. ) XV. *5 *3 445

— An Act against Conjurac&ns Inchantmentes and Witchecraftes. An Acte against Conjuracons Ench*unte- > mentf and Witchcraftf, 8cc. j XVI. 16 >4 446

— An Act for the punishement of the Vyce of Sodomye. An Acte for the punishemente of the Vyce ) of Buggorye. J XVII. 17 >5 447

An Acte declaring thauctoritee of the L. Keeper of the Great Seale of England and the L. Chancello' to bee one. An Acte declaring the Aucthoritie of the 1 Lorde Kepar of the Greate Seale and the > Lorde Ch'uncelo' of Englande to be one. ) xvm. 18 16 447

An Acte for the Repeale of a branch of a Statute made An° 1 Edw. vj. touching the conveieng of Horses and Geldinges out of the Realme. An Acte to repeale a Br*unche of a Statute 1 made anno p‘mo E. vj11 touchinge the 1 conveighinge of Horsses owt of the f Realme. XIX. *9 •9 448

— An Acte for the punishement of Vagabondes callyng themselfes Egiptians. An Acte for furder ponyshement of > Vagabond? calling themselfff Egiptians. f XX. 20 20 448

— — An Acte for the punishement of unlawfull taking of Fishe Deare or Hawkes. Illegible. ) [An Act ag‘ unlawfull takeing of Deere r* and Hawkes, See.—Calendar.] J XXI. 21 21 449

An Acte agaynste the carryeng of Sheepe Skihes and Peltes over the Sea, not being Staple Ware. An Acte against the carryinge of Shepe-'j skynnes and Pelt? over the Seas not / beinge Staple Ware. v An Acte against carying over Seas Shepe- I skyns and Peltes not being Staple Ware. J XXII. 22 22 450

— — An Acte for the due execucon of the Writ De excommunicato capiendo. An Acte for the dewe execution of the \ Writte de Excoiato capiendo. ) XXIII. 23 26 451

— " An Acte for the reviving of a Statute made An° 23" HenrOctavi towching the making of Goales. An Acte for the revivinge of a Statute 1 made A° xxiij"° H. viij. touchinge the > makinge of Gaoles. J XXIV. 24 35 453

— An Acte to fill upp Juries de Circumstantibus lacking in Wales. ,\n Acte to fill up Juryes lackyng in Wales \ de circustantibus. ) XXV. 25 27 454

An Acte for thenrollem1 of Indentures of Bargayne and Sale in the Quenes Maui Court es. An Acte for the Enrolement of Indentures 'j of Bargayne and Sales in the Quenes 1 Ma"* Courts of Recorde in Lancaster j Chestre and Durham. J XXVI. 26 24 456

— — An Acte towching Fines to bee levied in the County Palatyne of Durham. An Acte touching Fynes to be levyed in the Countye Palantyne of Durham. j XXVII. »7 28 456

— " An Acte for the translating of the Bible and the Dyvine Service into the Welshe Tongue. An Acte for y' translatyng of y1 Bible & Devyne fvice into the Welsh Tonge. f XX VIII. 28 23 457

— t An Acte for the Confirmac&n of a Subsidye granted by the Clergye. An Acte for the Confirmation of the Subsidye ) of the Clergye. j XXIX. - 29 458

— — t An Act of the Quenes Ma'" most free and generall Pardon. An Acte of the Quenes Ma"’ moste free ] and general Pardon. J XXX. — 31 461

t An Act of a Subsydye and Twoo XV"‘* and Tenthes granted by the Temporaltie. An Acte of a Subsydye w1*1 two XV" and i X"‘ graunted by the Temporaltye. J XXXI. — 3° 464

( xxvi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE os DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBE R Pace

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of th» Volume.

On the Roll. On the ACT.

Eliz.

j 562-3. An. 5. continued. An Acte of an Assignemei' of certayne Somes of Moneye to defreye the Chardges of the Quenes Majesties Howsholde. An Acte for an Assigment of certain somes '1 of Money for defraying the chardges of ) the Queenes Ma’f Houshold. ' XXXII. 29 3* 479

— — An Acte for the Confirmac&n of certayn Lyberties granted to the Cirie of Exetour. An Acte confirmyng dyvW Lybertyes 'j g"unted by tres Patentf to the Citie of J Excestre. J • 3° 34 —

An Acte for the Confirmacon of Ires Patentes granted to the Towne of Sowth-ampton towching the bringing in of Majmesies and other sweet Wynes by Marchant Strangers. An Acte for the Confirmacon of tres "j Patentf gr’unted to the Towne of Southampton touchinge the bringinge ? in of Malmeseyes and other Swete I Wynes by March'untf Straungers. J • 31 35 -

An Acte tenhable the Vicounte Byndon and Dame F.lizabethe his Wyef to make Leases for three lyves or for xxj yeres. An Acte to make good all Leasses for xxj11 j yeres or three lyves made by the Lorde ' Vicount Byndon and Dame Elizabeth his ( Wife. ' • 32 5° —

. An Acte taucthorise the L. Burgavenny to make leases for xxj yeres. L. Bergevenny. An Acte the Lorde Abergavennye ( to make Leasses for xxj" yeres. j 1 Illegible—‘ authorizing •—Calendar. J • 33 37 -

An Acte to restrayne Henry Howarde from discontinuing any his Landes. An Acte restraynyng Henry Howarde "J Esquire to make any discontynuance of > his Landes. J • 34 38 -

— — An Acte towching one Annuitee granted for the finding of a Scoole at Guldforde. An Acte touching one Annuytye graunted 1 for the fyndyng of a Scoole in Guldeforde. / • 35 33 —

— — An Acte for the Recoverye and Inning of Plumsted Mershe nowe overflowed withe Water. An Acte for the recoPye and Innyng of the") Grounde called Plumstede Marshe now > surrounded w,h Water. J • 36 36 -

— — An Acte to restore in Bloodde the Sonnes and Doughters of the late L. Huseye. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloode of 'I the Sonnes and Daughters of the late j Lorde Husseye. J • 37 39

— — An Acte for the Restitucftn in Bloodd of William West Esquyer. M\ West. -j An Acte for the RestitucSn in Bloude of > Willyam West. J • 38 4> —

— — An Acte for the Restitution in Bloode of of S' Peter Caroo Knight. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloude of 1 S' Peter Carewe Knight. / • 39 40 —

— — An Acte for the Restitution in Bloode of S' Rauf Chamberlayn Knight and John Harlston. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloude of Sr Rause Chamberlaine Knight and John V Harleston Esquier. J • 40 42 -

— — An Act for the Resticuc&n in Bloodd of Thomas Cobham Willyam Cromer and others. An Acte for Restitucion in Blood of Thomas "J Brooke ats Cobham Willyam Cromer f Cuthbert Vaughan and others. J • 41 51 —

— — An Acte for the Restituc&n in B loodd of theires of Thomas Isleye. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloode of") the Heyres of Thomas Isley Esquier. J • 4» 43 —

— — An Acte for the Restitucon in Blood of theires of Willyam Thomas. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloude of 'I Anne Thomas, daughter and Heyre of r Willyam Thomas Esquier. J • 43 44 -

An Act for the Restitucon in Bloodd of theires of Leonerde Diggf. An Acte for the Restitution in Bloude of't Thomas Diggf and James Diggf. ( Thom's Diggf & James Dyggf Petycon for J Rystytuc?6n in Bloodd. • 44 45 -

( xxvii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE on DESCRIPTION or th* ACT. N UMBE R Pace

A. IX Reipi. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Art Parliament. of thu 1 Volume.

1562-3. Eliz. An. 5. coiUinued. On the Roll. An Act for the Restituc&n in Bloode of theires of Thomas Cranmer late Archeb of Canto'. On the Act. For the Restituc&n in Bloudeof the Children 'I of Thomas Cranmer late Archebisshopp < of Cantorburie. J • 45 46

— — An Act for the Restituc&n in Bloode of theires of S' Henry Isleye Knight. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloude of *j Will yam Isleye and Edwarde Isleye / Esquiers. J • 46 47 —

— An Act for the Restituc&n in Bloodd of Edwarde Turner. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloud of") Edwarde Turner. > Edward Tumor. ' 47 48 -

An Act to make free Denyzens the Children of John Fitzwilliams James Harvie and others borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte to make free Denizens the Children of John Fitzwillyams James Harvye, &c. > being borne beyonde the Seas. J • 48 49 —

1566. An. 8. An Acte declaringe the manner of makinge and consecratinge of the Archbushopes and Busshops of this Realme to be good lawful and parfecte. [- - - -13 declaring the maner of makinge 1 and consecratinge of the Archebishops and Bishops of this Realme to be good ? lawfull and parfite. 1 Illegible.—■' An Act ’ Calendar. J I. I 1 484

" — An Acte whereby the Defendant maye recover his Costes, beinge wrongfully vexed. Au Acte for thavoyding of wrongefull 1 vexac&n uppon the Wrytt of Latitat. / II. 2 2 486

— An Acte againste carryinge over Sea, Rames Lambes and other Shepe alyve. An Acte against carying over Sea Rammes 1 Lambes or Sheepe being alyve. J III. 3 3 487

— — An Acte to take awaye the benefitte of Clargye from certen feloniouse Offendors. Illegible. "J [An Act restrayning Clergie in 8taine [ Felonies.—Calendar.] J IV. 4 4 48S

— — An Acte for thabridgement of Appeales in Suites of Cyvill and Maryne Causes. For the avoyding of tedious Sutes in Civill 1 and Maryne Causes. J V. 5 5 488

An Acte touching Clothe Woorckers and Clothes redye wroughte to bee shipped over the Sea. An Acte touching Clotheworkers and") Clothes redy wrought to be shipped oP ? Sea. J VI. 6 6 4*9 !i H ti

1 — An Acte touching Drapers Cottoners and Freesers in the Towne of Shrewisburye. An Acte touching Drapers Cottoners and \ Frizers of Shrewisbury. J VII. 7 7 1 489

An Acte for the Repeale of a braunche of a Statute made An° 32 H. 8. for the Stature of Horses within the Isle of Ely, and other places confyninge thereunto. An Acte for the Repeale of a branche of} a Statute made An° 22 H. 8. touching > the stature of Horsses. J VIII. 8 8 491 I

An Acte to repeale a Braunche of a Statute made An° 23 H. 8. touchinge the prices of Barrellf and Kylderkyns. An Acte to repeale a branche of the 'j Statute made in the xxviij yere of Kyng (_ Henry the Eight, touching the prices of J Barellf and Kylderkyns. / IX. 9 IO 492

_____ An Acte for Bowyers and the pryces of Bowes. An Acte for Bowyers. X. IO 9 493

1 1 ~ I An Acte for true makinge of Hattes and Cappes. An Acte for uttering of Cappes and for 1 true making of Hattes and Cappes. J XI. I I I 1 if 494

1 1 I An Acte for thalnegers Fees in Lancasheire and for lengthe bredthe and waighte of Cotton Frezees and Rugges. An Acte for the Alnagers Fees in Lancastr and for lengthe bredthe and weight of > Cottons Frizes and Ruggf. ' XII. 12 12 i i 495 i

( xxviii )

1

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER.

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter primed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

On the Roll. On the Act.

Eliz. = —

1566. An. 8. continued. An Acte touchinge Sea Markes and Maryners. An Acte conceminge Sea Markes and 1 Mariners. J XIII. >3 >3 496

— An Acte touchinge transportinge of tawed Lether. An Acte touching the transporting of 'j tawed Leather made of Shepeskyns or > Lambeskyns. J XIV. 14 14 497

— An Acte for p'servacon of Grayne. Illegible. -v QAn Act for Preservation of Corne. > Calendar.'] J XV. 15 15 498

— An Acte that in div'se Counties there shalbe but one Sheriffe in one Countye. An Acte that in dy Vse Countyes ther shalbe 1 but one Shiriffe of one Countye. J XVI. 16 16 499

— t An Acte for Confirmac&n of a Subsedie g’unted by the Clergie. An Acte for Confirmac&n of a Subsedie \ graunted by the Clergye. J XVII. — 17 500

— — t An Acte of a Fifteenth and Tenth graunted by the Temporaltye. An Acte of the Graunte of xv,h and x,h J and of one Subsidie by the Temporaltye. J XVIII. - 18 5°5

— — t An Acte of the Quenes Ma'f most free and genall Pardon. An Acte of the Quenes Ma'f free and 1 genall Pdon. J XIX. — 19 5'9

An Acte for the Repeale of a Braunche of a Statute made An° 26 H. 8. touchinge Tryall of Offences in the Countie of Merioneth in North Wales. An Acte for the Repeale of a braunche "I of one Estatute made Anno 26 H. 8. touching the Tryall of Offencf commytted in the Countye of Meryoneth in North Wales. XX. 20 23 522

— An Acte confirmynge the Queenes Ma’f ires patentes concernynge the inakinge of Allome and Copras within this Realme and other her Highnes Domynions. An Acte touching Ires Patentf made for "j making of Allom and Coperas wu‘in the > Realme or Diiions of the Quenes Ma"c. J XXI. 21 24 522

— An Acte for makinge of Salte within the Quenes Ma‘" Domynyons. An Acte for making of Salte within the 1 Quenes Ma’f Dominions. XXII. 3° 33 523

— An Acte for thencorporac&n of Marchauntes Adventures for the discoveringe of newe Trades. An Acte for the Corporac&n of Marchauntf 1 Adventurers for the discoverye of newe > Trades. j • *7 20 —

An Acte for Confirmac&n of the Quenes Highnes Ires patentes made for the Hospitall of S'. Barthillmewes in Gloucestr. An Acte for Confirmac&n of Ires patentf 1 made for the Hospitall of S’ Bartelmew > in Glouc. ) • 18 21 -

— An Acte for the Confirmac&n of ires patentes granted to the Marchauntes Adventuro" of the Citie of Bristowe. An Acte conceminge the Marchauntf ] Adventurers of the Citie of Bristoll. j * >9 22 -

— An Acte for thinnynge of Plumsted Marshe beinge surrounded. An Acte for the Inning of Plomsted Marshe 1 being surrounded. j « 22 25

An Acte for thassurance of the Countisse of Warwickes Joyntor. An Acte for the Assurance of Jointure of 'j the Ladye Anne Countes of Warwicke. 1 Act for assuring the Countess of Warwicks j Joynture. J • *3 26 -

— An Acte for thassurance of the Ladye Cobhams Joynter. La. Cobhams Jointure. -j For the Joyntor of the Lady Cobh’m. • 24 27

— An Acte for thassurance of the Ladye Staffordes Joynter. An Acte for thassurance of Joynto’ of the } Ladye Marye Wiefe to Edwarde Lorde > Stafforde. j • *5 28

An Acte to make John Stafforde freeDenizen, beinge borne beyonde the Sea. An Acte to make free Denyzen John J Stafforde borne beyonde the Seas. J • 26 29 -

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER. 1*01

A.D; JUi*.. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. or iiw Chapter u printed. On th« Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Ait Parliament. of tliw Volume.

1566. Eliz. An. 8. continued. On the Roll. An Acte to alter the nature of Gavell kynde in the landes of Thomas Browne Esquier. On the Act. To alter the Nature of Gavelkynde in 1 Londf of Thomhs Browne Esquyer. J • 27 30

— An Acte for the Towne Clarke of Yorke. An Acte for the Toune Clerke of Yorke. • 28 3* — 1

— An Acte for the pavinge of Kentishe Streate in Sowthewarke. An Acte for the paving of Kentishe Streete 1 in Suthwerke. J • 29 3*

An Acte for kepinge a Markett uppon Thursdaies att Batell in the Countie of Sussex. An Acte for the keping of the Markett in the Manor of Battell in Sussex upon the f Thursday. J • 3> 34

1571- An. 13. An Acte whereby certayne Offences bee made Treason. An Acte wherby certaine Offences be made \ Treasone. J I. 1 4 526

An Acte agaynste the bringing in and putting in Execution of Bulls and other Instruments from the Sea of Rome. An Acte againste the bringing in and putting 'J in Execution Bulls Writings or Instru- ( mentf and other supersticious things C from the See of Rome. J II. 2 6 528

— — An Acte against Fugytyves over the Sea. An Acte against Fugitives over the Seaes. III. 3 5 53'

An Acte to make the Landes Tenemtes Goodes and Cattalles of Tellers Receavers &c. lyable to the payment of their Debtes. An Acte to make the Landes Tents Goods 'J and Cattallf of Tellers Receivo" See. >■ lyable to the payment of ther Debtes. J IV. 4 >5 535 j

— — An Acte against fraudulent Deedes Gyfres Alienations &c. An Acte against fraudulent Dedes Giftf 1 Grauntf AlyenacSns &c. J V. 5 3 537

An Acte that the Constathes and Exemplifications of Letters Patentes shalbe as good and avayleable as the Letters Patentes themselves. An Acte that Exemplifications or Constathf "j of Ires patentf shalbe as good and > avayleable as the Ires patentf themselff. J VI. 6 9 538

— An Acte touching Orders for Banckruptes. An Acte touchinge Orders for Banckruptf. VII. 7 7 539

— — An Acte against Usurie. An Acte against Usurye. VIII. 8 2 542

— An Acte for the Commission of Sewers. An Acte for the Commission of Sewers. IX. 9 8 543

— — An Acte against Fraudes defeating Remedies for Dilapidations &c. X. IO — 544

— — An Acte for the mayntenaunce of the Navygation. An Acte for the maynten'unce of 1 Navigation. J XI. 1 I 11 545

— An Act to refourme certayne Dysorders touching Ministers of the Churche. An Acte to refourme certeyn Disorders 1 touching Ministers of the Church. J XII. 12 I 54<S

— An Acte for the encrease of Tyllage &c. [An Act for the encrease of Tillage 1 and Maintenance of the Navy. > Calendar j XIII. 13 m, ( miuing. j-547

— An Acte for the bringing of Bavestaves into this Realme. An Acte for the bringing in of Bowestaves 1 into this Realme. J XIV. >4 »7 548

— — An Acte that no Hoy or Plate shall crosse the Seas. An Acte that no Hoye or Plate shall crosse 1 y' Seas. J XV. >5 »4 549

An Acte for the Confirmation of Thattayn-ders of Charles Earle of Westmerlande, Thomas Earle of Northumberland and others. An Acte for the Confirmation of thattayn-~\ do" of Charles Earle of Westmerlande, I Thomas Earle of Northumberlande and j others. J XVI. 16 21 549

‘ An Acte to lycence the Earle of Leycester to founde an Hospitall. An Acte to licence the Earle of Leif to 1 founde an Hospitall. J XVII. >7 -’7 552

h

( XXX )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 01 DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pack

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of thii Volume.

Eliz. On the Roll. On the Act. 1

1571 - An. 13. coKtinueil. An Acte for the brynging of the Ryver of Lee to the North side of yc Citie of London. An Acte for the bringinge of the Ryver of 1 Lee to the Northe side of the Citie of London. J XVIII. 18 35 553

An Acte for the making of Cappes. An Acte for contynewance of making of A Cappes. I An Act for Cappers. * XIX. 19 10 555

— — An Acte touching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Lyvynges with Cure. An Acte concViynge Leasses of Benefices 1 and other Ecctiasticall Lyvingf with > Cure. ) XX. 20 37 556

An Acte that Purveyours may take Graine Corne or Vyctuals within fyve Myles of Cambridge and Oxford in certayne Cases. An Acte that Purveyo's shall take any 1 Grayn Corne or Victuall w,hin five myles > of Cambridge and Oxforde. ) XXI. 21 16 556 I

— — An Acte to contynue the Statute for Division of Sheriffes. An Acte for continewance of the severance ) of the Shreeff in sundrie Countyes. ) XXII. 22 36 557

— — An Acte for pavyng of a Streete without Algate. An Acte for the pavinge a Streete w,howt ) Algate. J xxm. 23 »9 558

— — An Acte for the paving of the Towne of Ipswiche. An Acte for paving of the Towne of (. Ippeswiche. * XXIV. 24 18 559

— — An Acte for the revyvyng and continuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the revivinge and contynuaunce ) of certaine Statutes. j XXV. 25 20 560

— — t An Acte for the Confirmac&n of a Subsedie gr"unted by the Clergye. An Acte for Confirmacbn of a Subsidie ) g’unted by the Clergie. y XXVI. 38 562

— — t An Acte of a Subsidie and Two Fifteenes and Tenths graunted by the Temporaltye. An Acte for ij Fyfteenes and Tenthes & ) one Subsidie. y XXVII. — 40 568

— — t An Acte of the Queenes Highnesse moste gracious generall and free Pardon. An Acte of the Quenes Ma'" moste ) gracious generall and free Pardone. y XXVIII. — 39 582

— — An Acte for thincorporaeon of bothe Thunyversities. The Corporation of bothe the UniPsities. XXIX. 36 25 585

— — An Acte to make the River of Wellande, navigable. An Acte for making the River of Welland ) navigable. y • 26 *3 —

— — An Acte to make free Denyzen Peregrine Bertye, borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte to make free Denizen Peregrine ) Bertie borne beyonde the Seas. y • 27 28 -

— — An Acte for the Towne of Southampton. An Acte for the Towne of Sowth‘mton. • 28 23 —

— — An Acte for the Towne of Brystoll. The Corporacbn of Merchant Adventurers > repealed. ) • 29 22 -

— — An Acte for the Towne of Lostwythiel in Cornwall. An Acte for the Towne of Lostwythiel in the Countie of Cornewall. f • 3° 24 —

— — An Acte touchyng William Skeffington Esquire. An Act for Will*m Skeffington Esquier. -j Skeffingtons Bill. j • 3l 31 -

— An Acte for Morice Rodney Esquyre. An Acte for Morrice Rodney Esquier. • 32 32 —

" An Acte for the Restitution in Blood of Sir Thomas Wyats Children. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloude of 1 the Children of S' Thomas Wyat Knight. J • 33 19 —

( xxxi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of th« ACT. NUMBER P.for.

a. a Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. or the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Or the Original Ait Parliament. of this Volume.

1571* Eliz. An. 13. mitt timed. Ok the Roll An Acte for thincorporafon & uniting of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in Dorsetsheir. Oh the Act. An Acte for thincorporac&n and unitinge I of Weymouthe and Melcombe Regis m v Dorsett Shiere. j • 34 26 —

' — An Acte for the Restitution in Blood of Henry Brereton Esquire. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloode of Henry Brereton Esquier. j • 35 3° -

1 — An Acte for thassurance of certayne Lands to the L. Barckley & Lady Katherin his Wyef. Act assuring Lands to the I.ord Berkeley. • 37 33 —

An Acte touching John Tyrrel Esquire. An Acte for John Tyrrell Esquier. 38 34

1S72* An. 14. An Acte for the punyshement of suche as shall rebellyously take or deteyne or conspire to take or deteyne from the Queens Ma'"' any of her Castelles Towers Fortresses Holdes &c. An Acte for the punishment of suche as 'j shall rebelliouslie take or deteyne from 1 the Quenes Mallc any Castellf Fortresses ( &c. } I. I 1 588

An Acte againste suche as shall conspyre or practyse the enlargement of any Prisoner committed for Highe Treason. An Acte against suche as shall conspire or \ practise the enlargement of anny prisoner L committed for Highe Treasone. f 11. 2 2 589

" An Acte againste the forging and coun-terfayting of Forraine Coygne beinge curraunte within this Realme. An Acte againste the forginge and coun- terfairinge of forrein Coyne beinge not > currant w’hin this Realme. J III. 3 3 589

An Acte to revive a Statute made Anno Primo of the Queens Ma" Raigne, inhibiting the carrieng of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hides out of the Realme. An Acte to revive a Statute made in A°T P‘mo of the Quenes Ma,e‘ Reigne inhibitinge the transportinge owt of the V Realme of Leather Tallowe and rawe Hydes. J IV. 4 4 59°

An Acte for the punishement of Vaca-bondes and for Releif of the Poore and Impotent. An Acte for the punishement of Vacabondf 'i and for the Relief of the Impotent and > Poore. j V. 5 5 59° 1

An Acte for thexplanac&n of a Statute made againste Fugitives over the Seas in the thirtenth yeere of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne. An Acte for explanacon of the Statute I against Fugitives made in the xiij11' yere > of the Quenes Ma*f Reigne. j VI. 6 6 O GO

An Acte againste the Deceiptes of Under Collcctours of the Tenthes and Subsidies of the Cleargye. An Acte against the Deceiptf of Under-collecto" of the Tenthes and Subsidies 1 of the Clergy. j Under Collectors of Subsidies 8cc. J VII. 7 7 599

An Acte for the avoyding of Recoverves suffered by Collusion by Tenantes for tearme of lyes and suche others. An Acte for avoydenge of Recoveries suffered by Collusion of Ten'ntf for I terme of lief and such others. > Recoveries. J VIII. 8 8 600 ;j ’1 ii

’ An Acte declaring that the Ten*nt and Defendaunt maye have a Tales de Cir-cumstantibus as well as the Demaundant or Playnetyfe. An Acte declaring that the Ten’nt and Defend’unc may have a Tales de Cir- f ciistantiby aswell at the Demand'unt or t Plaintief. J IX. 9 9 J 600

— — An Acte to refourme the excefsyve Length of Carseis. An Acte for the Reformation of the inor- ) dinate lengthe of Carsyes. ) X. 10 to 601 ii

An Acte for the Condnuacon Explanac&n Perfiting and Enlardging of divers Estatutes. An Acte for the contynuation explanacon 1 pfitinge and enlarging of divers Statutf. J XL 11 1 1 1 601 : j

( xxxii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of thi ACT. NUMBER Pack

AD. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Alt Parliament. of this Volume. I

lS72. Eliz. An. 14. continued. On thb Roll. An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made Anno Octavo of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne towching the Towne of Shrewes-burye. On the Act. An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made for the Towne of Shrewesbery in A° viij® > of the Quenes Ma*". ) XII. I 2 12 603

— An Acte for the annexing of Hexham and Hexhamshire to the Countye of Northumberland. An Acte for the annexinge of Hexham and ) Hexhamshiere to the Countie of North- 5* umberlande. J XIII. >3 »7 604

An Acte for the Assuraunce of Gyftes Grauntes &c. made and to bee made for the Relyef of the Poore in Hospitalles &c. An Acte for the bett* assur*unce of Giftf 1 Gr’untf &c. made & to be made for the 1 Relief of the Poore in the Hospitallf r w^in & nere unto the Cyttie of Londo of Christ Bridewell & S'Thom’s Thaple. J XIV. >4 *3 605

— — An Acte for the continuance of the Inning of Plumsted Marshe in the Countye of Kent being surrounded. An Acte for the contynew'unce of the Innenge of Plumsted Marshe in the j" Countie of Kent being surrounded. ) • 15 14 -

I An Acte for the better and further Assurance of certeyne Landes Tentes &c. to the mayneten’nce of the Free Grammer Scoole of Tonnbridge in the Countye of Kent. [An Act assureing Lands for the Free Gramar Schoole of Tunbridge in Kent. c-Calendar.] ) • ,6 C*s ) in Cat.] missin" ) -

An Acte for thassuraunce of certeyne Landes and Tentes according to the meaning of Sir Thomas Woodhowse and Sir Wittm Woodhowse Knightes for the benefyte of certeyne Infantes. An Acte for the Assur’unce of certen Lands "I according to the meanynge of S' Thom’s I Woodhouse and S' Will’m Woodhouse ? Knightf for the benefite of certen 1 Infantf. J * 17 l6 -

| *575-6- An. 18. An Acte against the deminisheing and empayring of the Queenes Ma'lc* Coigne, and other Coignes lawfullye curraunt w"*in this Realme. An Act againste the diminishing and empayr- "I inge of the Quenes Ma'f Coigne and V other Coignes courrant w*hin this Realme. j L 1 I 607

An Acte for Confirinacon aswell of all Grauntes made to the Queenes Ma'* as of Ires Patentf made by her Ma1" to others. An Acte for the Confirmation of fres ) Pattentf. j II. 2 2 608

! — — An Acte for the setting of the Poore on Worke and for the avoyding of Y dienes. An Acte for settinge the Poore on Worke I & for advoydenge of Idlenes. j III. 3 4 610

An Acte for the avoyding of Fraudes in certeyne Conveyauncf and Assurauncf made by the late Rebelles in the Northe. An Acte for the avoydinge of fraudulent 1 Giftf and Conveyauncf made by the late > Rebellf in the Northe. ) - IV. 4 3 614

— — An Acte to redresse Disorders in Comon Infourmers upon Penall Lawes. An Acte to redresse Disorders in comon I Informers. y V. 5 5 6lS

— — An Acte for the Mainten’nce of the Colledgf in the Universityes, and of Winchester and Eaton. An Acte for maynten’nce of the Colledgf I in the Univsities & of Winchester & > of Winchester & Eaton. J VI. 21 6 616

i An Acte to take awayc Cleargie from thoffendours in Rape and Burglarye, and an Order for the deliverye of Clarkf convicte wthout Purgacon. An Acte to take awaye Clergie from 'j thoffendo" in Rape or Burglarye, and an 1 Ordre for the deliverie of Clerckf j convicte w,howt purgacbn. J VII. 6 7 616

( xxxiii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATS. TITLE o« DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBEI I Paql

Of th* On th* _ Ofth. of thil

AD. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. pnoixl. It Chancery. IB P«rlum«Bt. Volume.

On the Roll. Oh the Act.

Eliz. =

1575-6. An. 18. continued. An Acte for the appointinge and auctho-rising of Justices of Assises in the Shieres of Wales. An Acte for thappointing of Justices in the 1 Shieres of Wales. J VUL 7 8 618

— — An Acte againste the transporting of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hydes out of the Realme. An Acte againste the transportinge off 1 Leather Tallowe & Rawe Hydes. J IX. 8 9 6x9

— An Acte of addic6n unto the former Actes for the amending and repayring of Highe Wayes. An Acte of addic&n unto the former Acts for amendinge and repayreng of Highe { Wayes. ' X. 9 lO 6 30

An Acte for Thexplanac&n of the Statutf entytuled againste the defeating of Dila-pidac&ns and againste Leases to bee made of Spuall Promoc&ns in some Respects. An Acte for explanac&n of the Statutf 'J entytled againste defeatinge of Dilapi- I dacbns & against Leases to be made of J Spuall Promoc&ns in some respects. J XI. to ii 622

— An Acte for the Try all of Nisi Prius in the Countye of Midd. An Acte for tryall of Nisi Prius in the 1 Countie of Mydd. J XII. II la 623

— An Acte conceryng the Offices fownde w^in the Countyes Palentynes. An Acte concerninge Offices fownde w"'in 1 the Counties Palatynes. J XIII. la >3 6 24

— An Acte for Refourmacfin of Jeofayles. An Acte for reformaffln of Jeofayles. XIV. 14 6a5

— An Acte for Refourraac&n of Abuses in Goldsmythes. An Acte for Reformation of Abuses in 1 Golde Smythes. J XV. »4 *5 635

An Acte for the Tolleracbn of certeyne Clothyers in the Countyes of Wiltes Somset and Glocester, to inhabite out of Townes Corporate. An Acte for toleracbn of certen Clothiers in 1 the Counties of Wilts Soi&s & Gloucester. J XVI. *5 16 626

— — An Acte for the perpetuall mainten*nce of Rochester Bridge. An Acte for the ppetuall maynten'nce of \ Rochestre Bridge. J XVII. 16 l7 627

— — An Acte for the repayring of Chepstowe Bridge. An Acte for the repayringe of Chepstowe 1 Bridge. J XVIII. •7 18 639

— — An Acte for the paving of the Cyttye of Chichester. An Acte for paving of the Cyttie of 1 Chichester. J XIX. 18 *9 639

— — An Acte for the repayripg and amending of the Bridgf and Highewayes nere unto the Cyttye of Oxforde. An Acte for the repayreng and amendinge "| of the Bridges & Highe Wayes nere unto > the Cittie of Oxford. J XX. *9 ao 631

— * An Acte for the Releife and reedifyeng of the Boroughe of Newe Woodstocke in the Countye of Oxforde. An Acte for the Relief & reedyfyenge of'J the Boroughe of Newe Woodstock in the > County of Oxford. J XXL ao 36 633

— — f An Acte for Confirmac&n of a Subsydye graunted by the Cleargye. An Acte for Confirmafftn of a Subsidy 1 graunted by the Cleargye. J XXII. - at 63a

t An Acte of Two Fyfteenes and Tenthes and One Subsydye graunted by the Temporaltye. An Acte of Two Fifteenes and Tenthes, "J and one Subsydye graunted by the > Temporaltye. J xxra. - aa 638

— t An Acte of the Queenes Ma"" moste free and generall Pardone. An Acte of the Queenes Ma"* moste 1 gracious and free Pardon. ) XXIV. - »3 653

— An Acte for the Hospitall at Leycester. An Acte concerninge an Hospitall at J Leycester. J • 22 a8

( xxxiv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION 0* tm ACT. N I JMBE R Pant

A.D. Rrip.. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roil in Chancery. Of th« Original Act ia p.rlument. ofthia Volume.

On the Roll. On the Act.

Eliz.

1575-6. An. 18. continued. An Acte for the Hospitall of S' Crosse nere Winchester. An Acte touchinge the Hospitall of S' 1 Crosse nere Winchestre. J • *3 3*

— — An Acte conceminge Tythes wlhin the Parishe of Hallifaxe. An Acte conceminge Tythes within the ) Pyshe of Hallifax. ) • 24 39 -

' An Acte for thassuraunce of the Manno' of Newehall to Thomas Earle of Sussex Lorde Chamberleyne of her Matie' moste honnorable Howseholde. An Acte for the assurance of the Mano' of ) Newe Hall to Thomas Earle of Sussex. ) • *5 33 "

— — An Acte for the Lorde Viscounte Howard of Byndon and Henrye Howarde Esquier and Frauncys his Wyef. An Acte for the Lorde Howarde of Byndon "I and Henry Howarde Esquier and of > Frauncf his Wiefe. ) 36 34 -

— - An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blood of Henrye Norrys Knight Lord Norrys of Knole. An Acte for Restituc&n in Blood of Henry > Norreis Knighte Lorde Norreis of Rycote. ) • 27 24 -

An Acte that the Ladye Jana Sibilla Wyef to the Lorde Graye of Wilton borne beyonde the Sea, may be deemed and reputed as meere Englishe. An Acte that the Ladye Jana Sibilla Wief 'j of the L. Grey of Wilton borne beyonde 1 the Seaes may be deemed & reputed as j meere Englissh. J • 38 36 -

An Acte for the assuraunce of certeyne Landes and Teiitf unto Christopher Hatton Esquier, Gentellman of her Ma"" Privye Chamber and Capitaine of her Highenes Guarde. An Acte for assur*unce of certen Lands } & Teiitf unto Christopher Hatton Esquier 1 Gen! of the Quenf Privey Chamber and / Capten of her Highness Garde. J • 39 27 -

— An Acte for the Payment of the Debts of Will*m Esley Esquier. An Acte for the trewe payment of the { Debts of Wittm Iseley Esq'. j • 3® 35 -

An Acte for the assuraunce of certeyne Landes to Sr John Rivers Knight. An Acte for the better assuraunce of} certaine Landes to S' John Ryvers i Knighte. j • 3* 31 -

An Acte that certeyne Persons borne beyonde the Sea may be deemed and reputed as meere Englishe. An Acte for making of certen Denyzens. "j Touching her Ma'f faithful Subjects in 1 Antuarpe maried w' Straungers to have their Children naturalized. • 3* 35

The testimonie of the Englishe Goverm1 & the Merchantes of these Suppliates faithfulnes to her Ma" beeing ia in Nuber.

An other Acte that certeyne persons borne beyonde the Sea maye bee deemed and reputed as meere Englishe. An Acte for making of certeyn Denizens. • 33 37 —

— An Acte for the Confirmac&n of an Abitra-ment to bee made by certeyne persons An Act for Confirmac&n of an arbitra-' ment to be made by certen psons betwen Richarde Huddelston Esquier & Dame Isabell Weyneman his Wief on the one pte and Fr*uncf Weyneman Gens on the other pte.

and Dame Isabell Weyman his Wyef on thone ptye and Frauncys Weyman Gens on the other ptye. • 34 3®

( XXXV )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION or thr ACT. NUMBER Paoi

AD. &Wfn. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chipur n printBl. On the Roll in Chancery. Ofth. Origin.) Act in PutiuiMM. of this Volume.

Eliz. Ov thr Roll. On thr Act.

1580I. An. 23. An Acte to reteine the Queenes Ma*‘" Subjectes in their due Obedience. An Acte to retayne the Quenes Maf 1 Subjects in theire due Obedyence. S I. 1 * 657

— — An Acte against sedicious Wordes and Rumors uttered againste the Queenes moste excellent Majestie. An Acte againste sediciouse Words and Rumo'* uttered againste the Queenes > moste Excellent Mau'. J II. 2 2 659

— — An Acte for the Reformac&n of Errours in Fynes and Recoveries. An Acte for the Reformac&n of Errors in ) Fynes and Recoveries. ) III. 3 3 66t

— — An Acte for the fortifieng of the Borders towardes Scotland. An Acte for the fortifieng of the Borders ) towards Scottlande. ) IV. 4 4 663

— An Acte towching Yron Milles neere unto the Cittie of London, and the Ryver of Thames. An Acte towcheng Iron Mylles nere unto the Cyttie of London and the Ryver of J-Thames. * V. S S 667

— An Acte for the repayring of Dover Haven. An Acte for the repayre of Dover Haven. VI. 6 6 668

— An Acte for the encrease of Mariners, & for the Mainten'nce of Navigac&n. Illegible. [An Act for the encrease of Mariners and > maintenance of Navigac&n. Calendar.] ) VII. 7 7 668

— An Acte for the true melting making and working of Waxe. An Acte towchinge the true makynge I melting and woorking of Waxe. ) VIII. 8 8 670

— An Acte for the abolisshing of certeine disceitefull Stuffe used in the dyeng of Clothe. An Acte for abolisheng of certen deceitfull ) Stuff used in dyeng of Clothes &c. ) IX. 9 9 671

— An Acte for the preservac&n of Fesauntes and Partridges. An Acte for the Preservac&n of Fesauntf ) and Partriches. ) X. IO 10 672

— An Acte for the reedifieng of Cardiffe Bridge in the Countie of Glamorgan. An Acte for the reedyfyenge of Cardyef > Brydge in the Countye of Glamorgan, j XI. 11 11 673

An Acte for an adition unto a former Acte made Anno xiij of her Ma'* Raigne for the pavinge of a Streate without Algate, leading to her Highenes Storehowses at the Minories and other Places. An Acte for addic&n unto a former Acte 'j for the Paving of a Streete w*"out Algate 1 leading to her Highnes Storehouses at v the Minories and others. Pavinge of a Streete w'out Algate. ) XII. 12 12 674

— An Acte for the ynninge of Earith and Plumsted Marshe. An Acte for the inninge of Erith and 1 Plumsted Marsh. j XIII. ‘3 >5 6 76

— t An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargye. An Acte for the confirmacon of the Subsidie ) of the Cleargye. ) XIV. — >4 678

— t An Acte for a Subsidie & two Fyfteens graunted by the Temporaltie. An Acte for the Graunt of one Subsydye ) and twoe Fyftenes and Tenthes. j XV. - *3 684

— t An Acte for the Queenes Mau" moste graciouse general 1 & free Pardon. An Act for the Queenes Ma’"‘ most I graciouse generall and free Pardon. j XVI. — — 698

— An Acte that Gavelkind Landes within the Cyttye of Exceter may be enheritable as Landes at the Comon Lawe. An Acte that Gavelkynde Lands within "I the Cowntye of the Cyttie of Exeter I may be inherytable as Lands at the j Comon Lawe. J XVII. 24 24 702

— An Acte for the reedifieng of the Towne of Cringleforde neere the Cittie of Norwiche. An Acte for reedifyenge of the Towne I of Cryngleforde, neare the Cyttye of J. Norwiche. ) • 14 '9 -

— An Acte for the naturalisinge of certeyne Englishmens Children borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte for naturalyzeng of Englishmens > Children borne beyonde the Seaes. J • ij 21

( xxxvi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pack

AD. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Eliz. On the Roll. On the Act.

1580.]. An. 23. continued. An Acte for the perfitting of Assurances of certeyne Landes for the mainten*nce of a free Grammer Schole within the Cittie of Coventrie. An Acte for perfecting of assurauncf of') certen Lands towards the mayneten*nce ( of a free Gramer Schoole wtl,in the Cyttie j of Coventrye. J • 16 26 -

An Acte for the establishing of an Agreement betwene Sir Henrie Nevill Knight and Dame Anne Gressham Widdowe for the better pfourming of the last Wille of Sir Thomas Gressham Knight deceased and for the payment of his Dettes. An Acte for the stablishynge of an 'v Agrement betwene S' Henrye Nevill 1 Knight & Dame Anne Gresham Wydowe ( for the better pformyng of the laste Will j of S' Thomas Gresham Knight decessed 1 & for the payment of his Debtes. ' • *7 29 -

An Acte for the assuraunce of a Rent of fowrescore & two poundes and tenne shillinges, to the Bysshoppe of Coventrie and Lychefeild. An Acte for the assuraunce of a Rent of) iiij " & ij ti. x s. to the Bisshopp of 5* Coventrie and Lychefelde, &c. ) • 18 25 -

— — An Acte for the Restitucon in Blood of Philippe Earle of Arundell. An Acte for the Restitucon in Bloude of ) Philipp Earle of Arundell. f • >9 20 -

An Acte of Pardon and Restitucon in Blood of John Seintleger and Dudleye Seintleger. An Acte of Pardon and Restituc&n in > Bloude of John and Dudleye Seintleger. ) • 20 *7 -

— — An Acte for the Restitucon in Blood of Anthonye Mayne Esquier. An Acte for Restituc&n in Blood of) Anthony Mayney. ) • 21 16 -

— — An Acte for the assuraunce of certeyne Landes to the Lord Compton. An Acte for the assuraunce of certaine ) Landes to the Lorde Compton 8tc. ) • 22 27 -

An Acte ratifieng a Decree and an Awarde in the Chauncerye towching certeyne Copieholders and Customarye Ten'ntes of the Mannors of Moore Newnam Lyndriche Knighton & Pensockes in the Countie of Worcestr. An Acte ratyfyeng a Decree and an Awarde "j in the Chauncery towchenge Copyholders and Customarye Tenantes of the Manno" > of Morre Newnam Lyndriche Knighton & Pensokes in the County of Worcester. J • 33 22 -

" An Acte for ratifieng of an Awarde made betwene Willyam Hyde and Willyam Darell Esquiers. An Acte ratyfenge an Awarde made) betwene Wittm Hide & Witfm Darrell > Esquyers. ) a5 33 -

— — An Acte concerning the Hospitall of Ledbury in the Countie of Heres. An Acte concerninge the Hospitall of) Ledburie in the Counde of Heres. j • 26 >8 -

An Act for the Partition of certain Lands 1 between the Coheirs of the Lord > Latymer. J • 28 -

1584 & 1585. An. 27. An Act for Provision to be made for the Suertie of the Queenes Majesties most Royall Person, and the continuaunce of the Realme in Peace. An Acte for Provision to be made for the Suertie of the Quenes Ma'f most Roiall 1 Person and the contynewance of the j Realme in Peace. J 1. a 1 1 7°3

— — An Act againste Jesuites Semynarie Priestes and such other like disobedient Persons. An Acte against Jesuytes Semynarie Priests ) and other suche like disobedient Psons. f 11. 2 2 706

An Acte for the Explanacion of the Statute made Anno xiij of the Queenes Majesties Rcigne intituled An Act to make the Landes Tenementes Goodes and Chattels of Tellors Receivors, &c. liable to the Paiment of their Debtes. An Acte made for the Explanac&n of an -\ Acte made in the xiij Yere of the I Q. Ma'f Raigne intituled An Acte to ( make the Landes Tents Goodes and Cattells of Tellers Receivo", &c. lyable 1 to the payin' of their Debtes. J in 3 3 708

— An Act against covenous and fraudulent Conveyaunces. An Acte againste covenowse and fraudulent ) Conveyances. ) IV. 4 4 709

by Goo

( xxxvii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE oi DESCRI PTION 0v THE ACT. NUMBER Pa 01

A.D. Rrip. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Ctupttr print, d. Ob th« Roll in Chancery. Of th. Original Act in Parliament. at due Volume.

1584-5- Eli*. An. 27. continued. On the Roil. An Acte for the expedicion of Justice in Causes of Demurrers and Pleadings. Oh the Act. An Acte for the furtherance of Justice in cases of Demur? & Pledingf. V. 5 5 7*2

— — An Act for the retuminge of sufficient Jurors, and for the better Expedicion of Trialls. An Acte for returnyng of sufficient Juro'f and for better expedicbn of Tryalls. VI. 6 6 712

— — An Act for the levyinge of Issues lost by Jurors. An Acte for Reformac&n of Abuses in ") Colleccon of Yssues lost by Juro'f. J VII. 7 7 7*3

; — An Act for Redresse of erronious Judge* mentes in the Courte comonly called the Kinges Benche. An Acte for Redresse of erroneouse Judge-mentf in the Courte cdmonlie called the > Kings Benche. J vm. 8 8 7*4

An Act for Reformacion of Errors in Fynes and Recoveries in the xij Shieres of Wales, Towne and Countie of Haver-forde West with the Counties Palentine. An Acte for Reformac&n of Erro'f in Fynes and Recoveryes in the xij Shires of Wales and Countyes Palatyne, and for . Exemplificac&ns of Fynes and Recoveryes geSally. IX. 9 9 7*5

An Act for the Condnuaunce of a former Statute entituled An Act to redresse Disorders in Comon Informers upon Penal 1 Statutes made in the xviij yere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne. An Acte for the contynew*unce of a forn) Statut intitled An Acte to redresse Disorders in C5mon Informo'f upon j> Penall Lawes made in the xviij"* Yere of the Q. Ma’f Reigne. J X. 10 10 7*7

An Act for the revivynge condnuaunce, explanacion and perfecunge of divers Statutf. An Acte for the revyving contynewac&n 'j explanac&n and perfittinge of divers > Statutes. J XI. 11 11 7*8

An Act for the swearinge of Under Sherifes and other under Officers and Mynisters. An Acte for swaiyng of Undershireeff & 1 other Under Officers and Mynysters. j XII. 12 12 719

■ An Acte for the followinge of Huye and Crye. An Acte for the followeng of Huye and 1 Crye. J XIII. *3 *3 720

An Acte for revivynge of a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte. An Acte for the revyveng of a former -j Statute made for the true makinge of y Mault. J XIV. >4 >4 722

— ! An Act for the bringinge in of Staple Fishe and Hearings into this Realme. An Acte for the bryngenge in of Staple 1 Fishe and Hearingf into this Realme. ) XV. •5 l5 733

— — An Act touchinge Ardficers usinge the cutdnge of Leather. An Acte towchinge Artificers usinge the "> cuttinge of Leather. XVI. 16 16 7*3

1 An Acte touching the breadth of White Wollen Clothes made in the Counries of Somersett, Wiltesft, Glouc, and Oxori, &c. An Acte towchinge the bredthe of White -v Woollen Clothes made within the 1 Cownties of Wiltes Glow? SomSt & / Oxori, &c. XVII. >7 >7 724

An Acte conceminge makinge of Wollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and Comewall, called Plaine White Straightes and pynned White Streightes. An Acte concerninge the making of Wollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and 1 Comewall called Plaine White Straights /" and pynned white Straights. XVIII. 18 18 7*5

An Act for the Preservacion of Tymber in the wildes of the Counties of Sussex, Surrey and Kent, and for the Amendment of High Waies decayed by Carriage to and fro Iron Mylles there. An Acte for the preservacion of Tymber in "J the wyeldes of the Counties of Sussex Surrey and Kente and for the Amende- t ment of Highe Waies decayed by cariages to and from Iron Mylles there. XIX. >9 ‘9 726

— An Acte for the prefvacon of the Haven of I Plymmowthe. j XX. — 21 728

* An Act for the preservac&n of Orforde J Haven in the Countie of Suff. J XXI. — 20 7*9 j

( xxxviii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of thr ACT. NI UMBE] R Paoe

Of the On the Of the of this

A D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Chapter printed. Roll Chancery. Original Act Parliament. Volume.

Eliz. On the Roll. On the Act.

15845. An. 27. continued. An Acte for the bringinge of the Haven of the Cittie of Chichester by a newe cut ( channell to the Suburbes of the same I Cyttie. ) . XXII. — 22 719

— — An Acte for the Clothyers of Boxted in the 1 County of Essex. ) XXIII. - *3 733

— — * An Acte for the repayrenge and mayn- ten‘nce of the Seabanckf & Seawoorckf r on the Seacostf in the Cowntie of Norff. J - XXIV. — 34 734

— — - An Acte of explanation and addicOn unto the late Statute for the maynten'nce of > Rochester Bridge. J XXV. - 35 735

An Acte for the explanacon of a braunche" of a former Statute made in the xviij"' yere of the Reigne of o' Soveraigne Ladie Quene Elizabeth towchinge the amend-inge of the Highewaies betweene Middleton and the Kinges Ferry in the Cowntie of Kent. . XXVI. — 20 735

— — - An Acte for the Inninge of Earithe and ) Plumsted Marshe. ) • XXVII. — 27 736

— — An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the ) Cleargie. ) XXVIII. — - 738

— — An Acte of one entyer Subsidie and Twoe 1 Fyfteenes and Tenthes graunted by the > Temporaltie. ) - XXIX. — 28 744

— — - An Act for the Queenes Majesties most 1 gracious generall and free Pardon. > . XXX. — 3° 758

— — An Acte for the good Governement of the "I Cyttie or Burroughe of Westmynster in the Cowntie of Midd. j • XXXI. private "I 5 J 47 7*>3

— — f An Act for the maintenaunce of the Pere or Cob of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset. - • 1 — —

— — f An Act for the Confirmacion of her Majesties Lettres Pattents graunted to the Queens Colledge in Oxforde. An Acte for the ConfirmadOn of her Ma" ) Ires Patentf graunted to the Queenes > Colledge in Oxforde. ) • 2 3' —

' t An Act for the Confirmacion of her Majesties Letters Pattents graunted unto the MaisterFellowes and Scollers of Clare Hall in Cambridge. An Acte for ConfirmacSn of her Ma'f ) Letters Patentf to the Mr Fellowes Sc > Scollers of Clare Hall in Cambridge. j • 3 33 -

" t An Act touchinge diverse Assuraunces made by the Bisshope Dean and Chapter of Exceter. An Acte towchinge divers assurauncf made 1 by the Bisshopp and the Deane and > Chapter of Exeter. ) • 4 33 -

— — t An Act for the establishinge of a Joynter unto Katheryne Countesse of Huntington. An Acte for the Establishement of a 1 Joyncter unto Katherine Countesse of > Huntingdon. j • 6 48 -

— t An Act for the Assuraunce of certaine Lands unto Sir Thomas Lucie and others. An Acte concerninge certeyne assurauncf } of Sir Thomas Lucie and others. J • 7 39 '1

( xxxix )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER. Pace

A.D. R«*n. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter aa primed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Eliz. Oh the Roll. Oh the Act.

1584-5- An. 27. continued. t An Act for the Assuraunce of certaine Landes in the Counties of Norff Suff Lincolne and Warwicke unto the Lorde Willoughbie and Erisbie according to a Decree in the Chauncerie. An Acte for the assuraunce of certeyne' Landes in the Counties of Norff Suff Lincolne & Warwicke unto the Lord ( Willoughbie of Willoughbie and Erisbie against the Heires and Assignes of Walter Herenden. • Private 8 40 -

— — t An Act for the Assuraunce of certaine Landes at Hackney unto the Lorde Hunsdon. An Acte for the Assuraunce of certeine ) Landes to the Lord Hunsdon. ) * 9 37 —

— — t An Acte concerning the Lorde Dacres and the Lorde Norris. An Acte conceminge the Lord Dacres and \ the Lorde Norrys. ) • IO 44 —

— — t An Act for the Restitucion in Bloode of the Lorde Thomas Howarde. The Lo. Thomas Howarde. • 11 35 —

t An Act for the Assuraunce of certeine Landes unto George Chewne Giles Fluide and Christopher Puckeringe and their Heires. An Acte for assur*unce of certen Messuages "1 Lands Tenementf and Heredytam'f unto George Chewne Esquier Giles ? Fluyd and Cristoffer Puckeryng & theire Heyres. J • 12 38 —

t An Act for the Establishment of an Awarde made betweene Roberte Lorde Riche and Sir Thomas Barrington Knight or their Heires and Assignes. An Acte for the better establishment of an 'v Awarde made betwene Robte Lord Ritche 1 and S' Thomas Barrington Knight and their Heires and Assignes. J • >3 46 —

t An Act for the Assuraunce of certen Landes and Tenementes in the Citde of London unto Jonas Scot accordinge to a Decree in the Starchamber. An Acte for the Assur'unce of certen Lands and Tentmentf in the Cyttie of London J* to Jonas Scott. ) • >4 42 —

— t An Act for the true answeringe of the Debtes of Edwarde Fisher Esquire. An Acte for the true aunswering of the ) Del>tf of Edwarde Fissher Esquyer. j • »5 41 —

" 1 An Act for the incorporacion of the Hospitale of Christ within the Towne of Shereborne in the Bisshopricke of Durham. An Acte for the Incopacon of the Hospitall 'I of Christe in the Towne of Sherborne in /> the Bishopricke of Durham. ) • 16 45 -

" t An Act for the Hospitalle of Eastbridge within the Cittie of Canterburie. An Acte for the better foundation and Relief of the Poore of the Hospitall of ( Eastbridge within the Cyttie of f Cantorburye. J • 17 43 -

— — t An Act for the pavinge of the Towne of New Windsor in the County of Berke. An Acte for the pavinge of the Towne 1 of Newe Windesor in the Countie of > Berk. ) • 18 36 —

t An Act for the pavinge of the Towne of Newarke uppon Trente in the County of Nottingham. An Acte for the paving of Newarke upon 1 Trent in the Countie of Nottingham. j •9 34

( *1 )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. •Of the Original Act in Pariiitaient. of this Volume.

On thb Roll. On tbr Act.

Eliz. =

1586-7. An. ?8 8c 29. An Acte for the Confirmac&n of the Attaynders of Thomas late Lorde Pagett and others. An Act for the Confirmac&n of the) Atteyndo" of Thomas late Lord Pagett > 8c others. ) I. I 1 766

— — An Acte concerninge Errors in Recordes of Attayndors of Highe Treason. An Acte concernyng Erro" in Records of ) Attayndo™ of Highe Treason. ) II. 3 2 767

— — An Acte to avoyde fraudulent Assuraunces made in cteyn causes by Tray tors. An Acte to avoide fraudulent Assurauncf ) made in certeyne cases by Traito". j m. 3 3 767

An Acte to p>vent Extorcion in Shiriefff Under Sheriefff and Bayliffes of Fraunchesies or Libertyes in Cases of Execucion. An Acte to prevent Extorc&n in Shiriefes 'j Under Shiriefes and Bailiefes of ( Fraunchises or Liberties in Cases of Execuc&n. J IV. 4 4 7C9

— An Acte for the contynuance and pfectinge of diVse Statutf. An Acte for the contyneweaunce 8c pfecting ) of divers Statutes. j V. 5 5 769

An Acte for the more speedie and due execuc&n of cteyne Braunches of the Statute made in the xxiij'11 yere of the Queenes Majesties Raigne intytuled An Acte to reteyne the Quenes Majesties Subjectes in their due obeydience. An Act for the more speedie and due Execuc&n of certeyne Braunches of the 1 Statute made in the xxiiijUl yere of the I Q. Ma'f Raigne intituled An Acte to j reteyne the Q. Ma'f Subjects in their I due obedience. J VI. 6 6 77i

— — An Acte of one Subsidie graunted by the > the Cleargie. > VII. — 7 772

— — An Acte for the Graunte of one entier I Subsidie 8c twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes > graunted by the Temporaltie. 1) VUI. — 8 778

— — - An Acte for the Quenes Ma'f most gracious 1 generall and free Pardon. j IX. — 9 793

t An Acte for the ConfirmacSn of the Sale of Edward Fyshers Lands made towards Satisfaccnn of his Debtes Chardges 8c Incumbrances. An Acte for the Confirmac&n of the Sale 'J of Edwarde Fishers Lands made towards ( Satisfacc&n of his Debts Chargf Sc Encumbr*uncf. J • Private 10 -

1 1588-9. -An. 31. An Acte againste discontynuancf of Writtf of Error in the Courte of Exchequer and Kings Benche. An Acte pviding Remedy agaynste I discontinuances in Writtf of Error in the > Exchequer and Kings Bench. } 1. I I 799

— — An Acte for abridginge ■Pclamacons upon Fynes to be levied at the Comen Lawe. An Acte for abridginge of Proclamac&ns 1 upon Fynes to be levied at the Comon > Lawe. j n. 2 2 800

— An Acte ror the avoydinge of Privie and secrete Outlaries of her Majesties Subjects. An Acte for the avoiding of privie and ) secret Outlaries of the Q‘ Subjects. ) m. 3 3 800

— — An Acte againste ymbeazilinge of Armor Habylimentf of Warre and Victuall. An Acte against the imbezealing of Armo' ) Habillym'f of Warr and Victuall. j IV. 4 4 801

— An Acte concerninge Informers. An Acte concemynge Informers. V. 5 5 801

— An Acte against Abuses in Election of Scollers and j?sentac&ns to Benefices. An Acte againste Abuses in Elecc&n of) Schollers 8c p'sentacons to Beneficf. ) VL 6 6 802

— An Acte againste erectinge and mayntayn-I inge of Cottages. An Acte againste the erectinge 8c mayne- > teyninge of Cottagf. j VII. 7 7 804

■ Goo

C xli )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE oft DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoc

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On iha Roll in Chancery. Of the DrigiiulAct u printed. of this Volume.

Eliz. Ow the Roll. On the Act.

1588-9. An. 31. continued. An Acte for the true gawginge of Vesselles brought from beyoflde the Seas converted by Brewers for the utteraunce and Sale of Ale and Beare. An Acte for the true gawgeng of Vessel Is ^ brought from beyonde the Seaes converted 1 1 by Brewers for the utter*unce and Sale of j Ale and Beere. J VIII. 8 8 805

■ An Acte for Writtes upon PclamaCons and Exigentf to be currant within the Countye Pallantyne of Durham. An Acte for Writtf upon Proclamations "I and Exigendf to bee curraunt w^in the > Counde Pallantine of Durham. J IX. 9 9 807

— An Act for the contynuance and pfectinge of divse Statutf. An Acte for the contynew*unce and pfecting ") of divers Statutes. X. 10 IO 8oS

An Arte for Explanation or Declaracon of the Statute of Octavo Regis Henrici Sexti conceminge forcible Entries & the Indictmentf therupon to be founde. An Acte of Explanacon or Declaracon of the Statute of Octavo Regis Henrici 6" 1 concemyng forcible Entries the Indict- [ mentf thereupon founde. ) XI. 11 1 I 809

— — An Acte to avoyde Horse stealinge. An Acte to avoide Horse stealinge. xn. 12 12 810

An Acte for the revivinge and enlarginge of a Statute made in the xxiij1*1 yere of her Majesties Raigne for repayringe of Doverr Haven. An Acte for reviving and inlarging of a~\ Statute made in the xxiijth yeare of her Ma'" Raigne for repaying of Dover 1 Haven. J XIII. >3 '3 811

— — An Acte for the Confirmac6n of the Sub- 1 sidies of the Cleargie. XIV. — '4 812

* * * " * An Acte for the graundnge of sour Fiftenes ■» and Tenthes and twoe entier Subsidies to 1 oure moste graciowse SoPaigne Ladie the ( Quenes most Excellent Mau*. XV. - >5 818

— An Act for the Queenes generall Pardon. XVI. — 16 834

— An Acte for the preservac&n of the Haven "I of Orford in the Cowntieof Suff. • — *7 — j

• An Acte for the naturalizeng of Joyce the 'v Daughter of Rause Elkyn Gens and 1 Wiei of Richarde Lambert merchaunt j borne beyonde the Seaes. • — 18 -

— — - An Acte for Assuraunce to be made of the ^ Joynture of Anne the Wief of Henry > Nevell Esquyer. J • - •9 -

— — - An Acte concerninge the Almeshowse of 1 Lamborne in the Counde of Bercfc. j • - 20 —

— — - An Acte for Relief of the Cyttie of 1 Lyncolne. • - 21 —

An Acte for the Sale of Thomas Handfordf v Lands towards the payment of his Debte 1 to her Matj' in the Reliefe of his Suerde ( & of such others as stande chargeable to her Ma" for the Debte of the saide 1 Handford. J • — 22 —

An Acte for the avoydeng of certeyn j Convey*uncf 8c other Estates supposkl 1 to be procured by Thom's Drurye of the Lands and Leases of Thom's Hesilrigge. J • — a3 —

[An Act for the better Assurance of Landes Y and Tenem1' for the maintenance of ( the Grammar Schoole at Tunbridge.— j Calendar.'] J • -{ [*4 ' in Cal.] misting,

1

( xlii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of th» ACT. NUMBER Peat

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Or the Chepter t> printed. On the Roll in Chancery Of the Original Afl in . Parliament. ofthii ' VoW.

1592-3- Eliz. An. 35. On the Roll. List An Acte to retayne the Quenes Majesties Subjects in their true Obedience. Margin—An Acte to retayne the Quenes Subjetf in Obedyence. On the Act. An Acte to retaine the Quenes Ma*f 1 Subjects in their due Obedyence. J I. 1 1 k.

List An Acte for the restreyninge of Popishe Recusantf to some c?ten places of aboade. Margin—An Acte against Popishe Recusantf. An Acte for the restreyning of Popishe 'J Recusantf to some certein places of ; aboade. J ► II. a 2 843

List -—An Acte for explanation of the Statute made in the xxxiiij"1 yere of Kinge Henrie the Eight, aswell touchinge Grauntf made to his Majestie, as to confirmation of Ires Patentf made by his Highnes to others. Margin—An Acte explaining the Statute of 34" H. 8. touchinge Grauntf. An Acte for explanation of the Statute made ' in the xxxiiij11' yere of King H. 8. aswell towchinge Gr*untf made to his Ma,le as for Confirmation of Ires Patentf made by his Highnes to others. UI. 3 3 846

— — List An Act for the necessarie Relief of Souldiors and Mariners. Margin—An Acte for Relief of Souldiours. An Acte for the necessarie Reliefe of 1 Souldio" and Maryners. IV. 4 4 847

List An Acte for explanation and confirmac&n of the Quenes Majesties title to the Landes and Teiites late Sir Frauncys Englefeildf Knight attaynted of Highe Treason. Margin—An Acte confyrming the Quenes title to the Lands of Sir Frauncf Englefield. An Acte for explanation & confirmac&n "J of the Quens Ma'f Title to the Lands 1 8c Tents late S' Frauncis Englefieldf J Knight attainted of High Treason. J V. 5 5 849

T 11/ A n A/'fp for rpcfrpvnf nf tipu/p An Acte for restreynt of newe Buyldenges ~\ converting of great Howses into severall 1 Tenemetf & for restraint of Inmates 8c ? Inclosures in and nere unto the Cities of 1 London and Westiii. J

"-iiii iiuc lur icMicyiii ui lie we Buyldingf, converting of great Houses into sev*all Tentes, and for restrainte of Inmates and Inclosures in and nere unto the Cities of London and Westiii. Margin—An Acte agaiste newe Buyldingf. VI. 6 6 852

7 # A A f L An Acte for the reviveng continew*unce 1 explanation 8c pfecting of divers Statutes. / 854 '

J-jist - -An Acte lor tnc revivinge contynuance explanation and pfectinge of diPse Statutf. Margin—An Acte for contin of div’se Statutf. VII. 7 7

T.tsi An Apfp for fnp avovoincrp ot An Acte for the avoyding of deceyte used in A making and selling of twice layed Cordage ( 8c for the better pserving of the Navie of j this Realme. J

'xul aVelC 1U1 LUC aVUVUillPC UI deceyte used in makinge and sellinge of twice layed Cordage for the better p>servinge of the Navie of this Realme. Margin—An Acte againste deceitfull making of Cordage. Vffl. 8 8 00

List An Acte touchinge the Bredthe of Plunckettf Azures and Blewes and other collored Clothes made within the Countie of Sofisett and els-where of like makinge. Margin—An Acte touchinge bredth of Clothes. An Acte towching the Bredthe of Plunkettf 'j Azures and Blewes 8c other collowred 1 Clothes made w"4n the Cownty of f Somsett and elswheare of like makinge. J IX. 9 9 00 Vn VI

( xliii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed, in the Reign of Qceen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBE R Paoe

AD. R«tu. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of che Chapter at primed. On the Roll in Chancery Of che Original Act in Parliament. of tbi* Volume.

Eliz. Os the Roll. On thb Act.

«J9*-3- Am. 35. continued. List An Acte fof the Reformac&n of sondrie Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens accordinge to a Pela-macon of the xxxiiij01 vere of the Raigne of our Sovaigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"* y* nowe ys. An Acte for the Reformac&n of sondrye'v Abuses in Clothes called Devonshiere Kersies or Dozens accordinge to a (. Proclamac&n of the xxxiiij yere of the j Reigne of o' SoVaigne Ladye the Quenes 1 Ma* that nowe is. J X. 10 10 858

Margntr—An Acte to re forme Abuses in Clothes.

List An Acte for the bringinge in Clapboorde from the partes of beyond the Seas, and the restrayninge of t*nspordnge of Wyne Caske for the sparinge and pPservinge of Tymber within the Realme. An Acte for the bringeng in Clapboorde J from the parts of beyonde the Seaes and the restrayneng of transportinge of Wyne j> Caske for the sparinge and preservinge of 1 Tymber w,hin the Realme. J XI. 11 I 1 860

Margin—An Acte for bringinge in of Clapborde.

~ - An Acte for the Confirmac&n of the 1 Subsidies graunted by the Clergye. / XII. — 12 86l

' ~ - An Acte for the Graunte of Three entier "I Subsidies and sixe Fifteenes and Tenthes > graunted by the Temporaltie. J XIII. - *3 867

— An Acte for the Quenes MaT most gracious 1 gereall & free Pardon. J XIV. - '4 883

— An Acte for the Confirmac&n of Letters Patentf to the Maior Sherifes Citizens and Comynaltie of the Citie of Lincolne. An Acte for Confirmac&n of Ires Patentf "J to the Maio' Shirieff Cittizens and > Coialtie of the Cittie of Lincoln. J • 12 »5 —

An Acte for the late Scite of the dissolved House of the Gray Friers in or nere Cambridge maye be solde or lett in Fee Ferme otherwise for the Erection of a newe Colledge in the Univsitie of Cambridge. An Acte that the late Scite of the dissolved Howse of the Gray Friers in or nere J Cambridge maye be soulde or let in Fee I Farme, otherwise for the erection of a j newe Colledge in the Unyversitie of 1 Cambridge. ' *3 16 —

— An Acte for the better Assurance and Confirmacon of the Jointure of the Ladye Margarett Countesse of Cumberlande. An Acte for the better assur*unce and ~J confirmac&n of the Jointure of the Ladie > Margaret Countesse of Cumberland. J • 14 x7 -

— — An Acte concerninge the Landes of Henrie late Lorde Abergavcnnye deceased. An Acte concerninge the Lands of Henry J late Lord Bergavenny deceased. J • >S 18 -

— An Acte to geve libertie to the Lorde Harowden to sell cteyne Lande for the payment of his Debts. An Acte to give litotye to the Lord Hawarden to sell certen lands for the ? payment of his Debts. J • 16 •9 —

- — An Acte for Restituc&n onlye in Bloode of Sir Thomas Perrott Knight. An Acte for Restituc&n in Bloode of S' 1 Thom's Perrott Knight. J • [20} in Cal.]) —

An Acte for naturalizinge and makinge free of Will*m Sydney eldest sonne of Sir Robert Sidney Knight, Govemour of Vlushinge and Dame Barbara his Wief; and of Peregrine Wynckfelde sonne and heire of Sir John Wynckefeilde and Dame Susan Countesse of Kent his Wyef. An Acte for the naturalizeng and making free of Will"m Sydney, eldest sonne of S' Robte Sydney Knight Governo' of Vlushinge and Dame Barbara his Wiefe, and of Peregryn Wynckfiled, sonne A heire of S' John Wynckfield Knight and Dame Susan Countesse of Kent his Wiefe. • 18 7.1 -

( xliv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

l)^TE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pack

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of the Volume.

Eliz. On thb Ron. On the Act.

1592*3* An. 35. continued. An Acte to confirme the Sale of c?teyne Mannors Lands and Tents made by Sir Richarde Knyghtley Knight, Valentyne Knightley and Edwarde Knvghtley Esquiers, unto Charles Hales Esquier, and Thomas Brickett, and John Lamberde Gentlemen and others. An Acte to confirme the Sale of certen'j Manno™ Lands and TenemT made by 1 S' Richard Knightley Knight Valentyne 1 Knightley and Edwarde Knightley J*1 Esquyers unto Charles Hales Esquyer Thomas Brickett and John Lamberd 1 Gent and others. J • >9 32

An Acte conSninge the Assurance of ?teyne Lands and Tents to Reade Stafforde Esquier and Mabell his Wief and to the heires of the saide Reade. An Acte concerning the assuraunce of'J certen Lands and Tenementf to Reade (, Stafford Esquyer and Mabell his Wiefe, j and to the Heires of the said Reade. [An Act for bringinge in of fresh Water into the Towne of Stonehouse in Devon, f Calendar. ] J • 30 a3 -

Water to the Towne of Stonehouse in the Countie of Devon. • 2'{ 24 \ m using ) —

An Acte to confirme the sale of the Landes of Wittm Raven Gentleman made unto Lisle Cave, Thomas Andrewe6 and Edwarde Haselrig Esquiers towards the paym' of a Debte due to her Ma"'. An Acte to confirme the Sale of the Lands 7 of Wittm Raven Gent made unto Lisle 1 Cave Thom’s Andrewes & Edward ? Haselrig Esquierf towards the Paym' of 1 a Debt due to her Ma1". J • 33 25 -

An Acte touchinge power and libtye to repeale cteyne Uses of a Deede triptyte herein mencioned of and in the Manno's Lands and Tents of Anthonie Cooke of Romforde Esquier. An Acte towchinge power & libertie to> repeale certen Uses of a Deede triptite 1 herein mencyoned of & in certen Mano" I Lands and Tents of Anthony Cooke of j Romford in the Cownty of Essex I Esquyer. ' • 23 36

I An Acte for the naturalizinge of ?ten Englishmens Children borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte for the naturalizeng of certen'j Englishemens Children borne beyonde > the Seaes. J • 24 27 -

>597-8. i An. 39. [& 40.] List An Acte againste the decaying of Townes and Howses of Husbandry. Margin—An Acte againste the decayinge of Townes & Howses of Husbandrye. An Acte against the decaying of Townes "1 & Howses of Husbandry. J i. I i 891

List An Acte for mayntenaunce of Husbandry and Tyllage. Margin—An Acte for the maintenance of Husbandrie & Tillage. An Acte for the mayntenaunce of 7 Husbandrye and Tyllage. / II. 3 2 893

List An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. Margin—An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore. m/ 3 3 896

IAst —An Acts ior Punishment 01 An Acte for punishment of Rogues 1 Vagabondes & Sturdy Begghers. J 899

Rogues, Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggars. Margin—An Acte for Punyshment of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggars. IV. 4 4

T i<t An Acte for prprtvner of An Acte for erectinge of Hospitalls or A abydynge and woorckinge Howses for > the Poore. J

JvWt->vl ClCvLYUE UI Hospitallf or abiding and workinge Houses for the Poore. Margin—An Acte for erecting of Hospitallf or abiding and workinge Houses for the Poore. V. 5 5 902

( *lv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Qveln Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE os DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pisa

A.D. A«*» IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of dw Chapter printed. On the Roll M Chancery. Ofth. Original Act Parliament. oftl.ii 1 Volume, j

Elis. On thb Roll. On thb Act.

1597-8. An. 39. C&40.J List An Acte to reforme Deceiptes and Breaches of Truste touching Lands given to charitable Uses. Margin—An Acte to reforme Deceiptf and Breaches of Trust towching Lands given to charitable Uses. An Acte to reforme Deceiptf and Breaches "j of Truste towchinge Landes given to > charitable Uses. J VI. 6 6 9°3

List An Acte for the more spedy payment of the Quenes Majesties Debtes and for the better explanac&n of the Acte made in the thirtenth yeare of the Quenes Majesty, intituled An Acte to make the Landes, Tents Goods and Chattellf of Tellors Receavers &c. lyable to the payment of there Debtes. Margin—An Acte for the more speedy Payment of the Quenes Majesties Debts, and for the better explanac&n of the Acte made in the xiij"1 yeare of the Queenes Majesty, intituled An Acte to make the Lands Tents Goods and Chattels of Tellors Receyvors &c. liable to the payment of their Debts. An Acte for the more speedye payment of the Quenes Maf Debts, and for the better explanation of the Acte made in the xiijlh yere of the Quenes Ma"% intituled An Acte to make the Lands Tenementf Goods and Chattells of Tello" Receavo" &c. lyable to the payment of theire Debts. J VII. 7 7 904 1

List An Acte for the Confirmaf&n and Establishment of the Deprivac&n of diverse Bushopps and Deanes in the beginning of her Majestyes Reigne. Margin—An Acte concerning the Con-firmac&n and Establyshment of the Deprivac&n of divers Byshops and Deanes in the beginning of her Majesties Raigne. An Acte conceminge the confirmacftn & establishment of the Deprivac&n of diverse 1 Bishoppf & Deanes in the begynning of j her Ma*f Raigne. J VIII. 8 8 I 9°9

List An Acte for the takyng away of Cleargy from Offenders agavnste a ctayne Statute made in the third yeare of H. 7. con-cnyng the taking away of Women againste theire Wills unlawfully. Margin—An Acte for the taking away of Cleargy from Offendors against a certeine Statute made in the thirde of the Raigne of King Henry the Seaventh concerning the taking away of Weomen against their Wills unlawfully. An Acte for the takinge awaye of Cleargie from Offendo" against a certayne Statute j made in the thirde yere of the Reigne of ^ Kinge Henry the Seaventhe concemynge t the taking awaye of Women against theire 1 Willes unlawfully. ) IX. 9 9 910 1

List An Acte for the encrease of Mariners and mainten*nce of Navigac&n repealing a Statute made in the xxiij"1 yeare of her Majesties Reigne bearing the same Tytle. Margin.—An Acte for the increase of Mariners and for mainten’nce of the Navigac&n, repealinge a former Acte made in the xxiij"1 yeare of her Majestyes Raigne bearing the same Title. An Acte for the increase of Maryners and 'j for maynten’nce of the Navigation, repeal- inge a former Acte made in the xxiij11' s. yere of her Ma'f Reigne bearynge the 1 same title. X. 10 10 910

( xlvi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Page

AO. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

1597-8- Eliz. An. 39. [& 40.] On the Roll. List An Acte for the better execuc&n of a Statute made in the xxiij(k yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Reigne for the abolishing of Logwood ats Blockwood in the dying of Cloath Wooll or Yarne. Margin—An Acte for the better execuc&n of the Statute made in the three and twentyth yeare of the Queenes Majesties Raigne for the abolyshing of Logwood als Blockwood, in the dyeng of Cloth Wool or Yarne. On the Act. An Acte for the better execuc&n of the Statute made in the xxiijft yere of the I Quenes Ma*f Reigne for the abolishinge V. of Logwood ats Blockwood in the dyenge j of Clothe Woolle or Yeame. J An Acte for the explanac&n of the Statute "I made in the fyfte yere of her Ma*f Reigne V concemynge Labourers. J XL II 11 911

the Statute made in the firste yeare of her Majesties Reygne concning Laborers. Margin—An Acte for thexplanac&n of the Statute made in the fifth yeare of her Majesties Raigne con-cnyng Laborers. XIL 12 12 912

List An Explanac&n of an Acte made in the xj yeare of H. 7. for Fustians. Margin—An Explanac&n of an Acte made in the Eleaventh Yere of King Henry the Seaventh for Fustyans. An Explanation of an Acte made in the eleventhe yere of Kyng Henry the seventh > for Fustians. J XIII. *3 •3 9*3

List An Acte phibiting the bringing into this Realme of forren Gardes for Wooll. Margin—An Acte phibiting the bringing into this Realme of anye for-reigne Cardf for Wooll. An Acte prohibitinge the bringinge into'I this Realme of anye forreyne Cardes for > Wooll. J XIV. >4 14 914

List An Acte that no pson robbing any Howse in the day tyme although no pson be therein shall be admitted to have the benefitt of his Cleargy. Margin—An Acte that no pson robbing any Howse in the day time, although no pson be therein, shalbe admitted to have the benefit of his Clergye. An Acte that no pson robbinge any Howse -j in the daie tyme althoughe no pson be 1 therein shalbe admytted to have the j benefite of his Clargie. J XV. 1S >5 914

List——An Acte to restreyne the excessive making of Malte. Margin—An Acte to restraine thexcessive makinge of Malte. / ye/ An ArtP scravnstp IptvHp anH An Acte to restrayne the excessive makinge 1 of Maulte. j An ncrninQf IpwHp nnA wnnTrmrrp XVI. 16 16 9*5

J-JlOV 4111 nv.lt AH ay Hole lew lie dllU wandring psons ^tending themselves to be Souldiours or Mariners. Margin—An Acte againste lewde and wandering psons ^tending themselves to be Soldiers or Marryners. AJ1 AllC dRdillbl JCWUC dXlU WdillUUlKC 1 persons pretending themselves to be > Souldiers or Mariners. J - XVII. >7 *7 9i5

L,o gie

( xlvii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION or th« ACT. NUMBER Paob

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On ika Roll -hancery. Of the )rigin«l Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Ok the Roll. Ok the Act.

Eliz.

>S97-«- An. 39. [& 40.] continued. List An Acte for the revivinge conty- nuance explanaCon and pfect-inge and repealinge of divse Statutes. Margin—An Acte for the reviving continuance explanation pfecting and repealing of divers Statutf. An Acte for the revyvinge contynewance explanac&n perfectinge and repealing of I divers Statutes. J XVIII. 18 18 916

XIX.

Highewayes in the Countyes of Sussex Surrey and Kent. Margin—An Acte for Amendement of Highewaies in SusSfex Surrey & Kent. in Sussex Surrey & Kente. j >9 >9 919

stretching and tentring of Northren Cloathe. Margin—An Acte aginst the deceitfull stretching and taintering of Northerne Cloth. & taynteringe of Northerne Clothe. J XX. IO 20 920

1 List. An Acte for the further continuance and explanacon of an Acte for the necessary Releife of Souldiours & Mariners made in the xxxvtl’ yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Reigne that now ys. Margin—An Acte for the further conty-nuance and explanac&n of an Acte for the necessary Releif of Souldiers & Mariners made in the xxxv yere of the Quenes Ma"" Raigne that now ys. An Acte for the further contynew*unce "j and explanac&n of an Acte for the necessary relyef of Souldio" 8c Maryners * made in the xxxv01 yere of the Quenes 1 MaT Reigne that nowe is. J XXI. 21 21 923

List An Acte for the establishing of the Bushopricke of Norwiche and the Possessions of the same againste a <?tayne ^tended concealed Title made thereunto. Margin—An Acte for the establysheinge of the Bishoprick of Norwich & the Possessions of the sam, against a cten pHended concealed tytle made thereunto. An Acte for the establishinge of the'j Bushopricke of Norwich and the Pos- ( sessions o' the same againste a certen f Intended concealed Title made thereunto. J XXII. 12 *5 924 j

List An Acte for the repayring of the Bridges of Newporte & Car lion in the County of Monmouth. Margin—An Acte for the repayring of the Bridges of Newport & Carlion, in the County of Monmouth. An Acte for the repayring of the Bridges 'j of Newporte and Carlion in the Countye of Monemothe. J XXIII. 26 9*5

List An Acte for the erecdnge and buildinge of a Bridge over the River of Wye at Wylton upon Wy neare the Towne of Rosse in the County of Hereford. Margin—An Acte for the erectinge and buildinge of a Bridge over the Ryver of Wye at Wylton upon Wye neare the Towne of Rosse in the County of Hereforde. An Acte for the erectinge and buyldinge of' a Bridge over the Ryver of Wye at Wilton upon Wye nere the Towne of Rosse in the Countye of Heres. . XXIV. 24 27 926

( xlviii )

Ml

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll Chancery Of the Original A6 in . Parliament of thb 1 Volum,.

1597-8. Eliz. An. 39. [& 40. j continued. Oh thb Roll. List An Acte for enlardging of the Statute made for following Hue and Cry, in the xxvij® yeare of her Majesties Raygne, in same sort to releive the In-hitantf of the small Hundred of Beynershe ats Benherste in cases where they are in no voluntary defalte and yet are or shalbe charged by the same Statute, and by the two anciente Statutes, the one made in the xiijth yeare of Kinge Edward the Fyrste, thother in the xxviijUl yeare of Kinge Edward the Third for repressing of Robberies. Margin—An Acte for the inlardging of the Statute made for followinge Hue and Cry in the Seaven and twentyeth yeare of your Majestyes Reygne, in some sort to releive the Inhabitant? of the small Hundred of Beynershe ats Benherste, in cases where they are in noe voluntary defalte & yet are or shalbe chardged by the same Statute, & by two ancyent Statutes, the one made the xiij yeare of Kinge Edwarde the fyrste, the other in the xxviij yeare of Kinge Edwarde the thirde for repressynge of Robbery es. Oh thb Act. An Acte for the enlarging of the Statute' made for followinge Hue and Crye in the xxvij"1 yeare of yo' Ma'f Raigne, in some sort to releive the Inhabitant? of the small Hundred of BeySshe ats Benherst in cases where they are in noe voluntarye default and yet are or shalbe charged by the same statute and by the two auncient statutes, the one made the xiij"1 yeare of King Edw. the first, the other in the xxviij,h yeare of King Edw. the thirde for repressing of Robberies. . XXV. 25 28 929

An Act for the Confirmation of the Subsidies -» granted by the Cleargie. This is the Title as entered on the Journals of the L House of Lords; the Act is not preserved in the f Parliament, nor noticed in the Calendar; it is printed 1 from RastalVs Statutes, 1618. J XXVI. — — 930

— — - An Acte for the Graunte of Three Subsidies ) and Sixe Fiftenes and Tenthes. j XXVII. — 23 937

List An Acte for the Queanes Majesties An Acte for the Quenes Ma"" most ) gratiouse generall and free Pardon. ) XXVIII. 26

most gracious geSall and free Pardon. Margin—An Acte for the Quenes Ma'f most gratyous genSall and free Pardon. 24 952

" t An Acte con&iinge a Lease of greate yearely value pcured to be passed from her Majesty by Withn Kyrkham the yonger. An Acte concerning a Lease of great yearly 1 valew procured to be passed from her V Ma" by Will'm Kirkeham the younger, j • Private. 29 -

t An Acte that the Lord Mountjoy may dispose of his Landes whereof he ys Tenant in tayle as other Tenantes in tayle by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme may doe; a private Statute made in the xxvij*’’ yeare of H. 8. to the cont*ry notwithstanding. An Acte that the Lorde Mountjoy may dispose of his Land? whereof he is Ten'nte in taile, as other Ten'ntf in taile by the Lawes and Statutes of the > Realme maye doe; a private Statute made 27"" H. 8. to the contrarie not-wthstandinge. # 2 3o -

t An Acte for establishinge the Hospytall of Queene Elizabeth in BristoII for the Releife of Orphanes and Poore there. An Act for the establishinge of the Hospital 1 of Queene Elizabeth in BristoII and for ( the relieffe of the Orphans and Poore there. J • 3 3* -

Gou

( xlix )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION or thi ACT. NUMBER Paoi

AD. R«f> IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of tin Chapter aa primed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original AS in Parliament. of this Volume.

1J97*®- Eliz. An. 39. O 40.] continued. Oh thi Roll. t An Acte for the establishment of the new Colledge of the Poore at Cobham in the County of Kente. Oh thr Act. An Acte for establishment of the new Colledge of the Poore at Cobham in the Countie of Kent. ) • Private. 4 32 —

t An Acte for the Confirmac&n & bet? Assurance and Conveyance of oayne Mannors Landes Tents & Heredyta-mentes given and intended to an Hospytall or Meason Dieu in Warwicke fownded and established by the Earle of Leycester. An Acte for the Confirmac&n k better Assuraunce and conveyaunce of certeine J Manno" Landes Teutf & Hereditam'f ( geven and intended to an Hospitall or j Measondieu in Warwicke founded and 1 established by the late Earle of Leicester. ' • 5 33 -

+ An Acte for naturalizinge of ctayne Englishmens Children & other borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte for the naturalizeng of certen Englishemens Children and other borne r* beyonde the Seaes. ) • 6 34 —

— t An Acte for confirmac&n of the Joynture of Christian Lady Sandes. An Acte for Confirmac&n of the Joincture \ of Christian Lady Sandys. ) • 7 35 -

t An Acte for establishing the Towne Landes of Wanting in the County of Bark to the Releife of the Pore, amendin' of Highe Wayes & maintayning of a Schoole-maister within the saide Towne. An Acte for establishynge the Townelandes "1 of Wantinge in the Cowntie of Berk to 1 the reliefe of the Poore Amendment of ? Highe Waies and maynteynynge a 1 Scoolemaster w,hin the saide Towne. J • 8 36 -

t An Acte for Arthure Hatch her Majesties Warde for the enjoying of the Rectory & Parsonage of South Molton in the County of Devonshire for ctayne yeares reserv-inge the usuall Rente. An Acte of Parlament for Arthure Hatche ’ her Ma" Warde for the enjoyinge of the Rectorie and Parsonage of Southmolton -in the Countie of Devon for certaine Yeares reservinge the usuall Rente. • 9 37 —

— ' t An Acte for Confirmac&n of the Joynture of the Lady Vemey Wife of Sir Edmund Vemey Knight. An Acte for the Confyrmac&n of the Joynture ] of the Ladie Varney Wiefe of S' Edmunde > Varney Knight. ) 10 38 —

t An Acte for the better mayntenance & well kepinge of Stanes Bridge and Egham Causey beinge the Highe Way from London unto the West partes of England. An Acte for the better mayneten*nce and ’J well keepinge of Stanes Bridge and I Egham Cawsey beinge the Highe Waye ^ from London unto the West parts of Englande. j • 11 39 —

t An Acte for establishinge of the Lands given by John Bedfordf Wyll to the ppetuall repayre & amendment of the Highe Wayes at Aylesbury in the County of Buckinghm according to the saide Will. An Acte for establishinge of the Lands given by John Bedfordf Will to the per- 1 petuall repaier and amendment of the !> Highe waies at Ailesburie in the Countye of Buck accordinge to the saide Will. J • 13 40 —

— t An Acte conc?ninge the Schoole at Sevenocke. An Acte concerning the Schoole at \ Sevenake. j • '3 4* -

" t An Acte for establishinge the Possessions of Sir Henry Unton Knight lately deceased & for payin' of his Debtes. An Acte for establishinge the Possessions't late of Sr Henry Unton Knight decessed, S and for the payment of his Debts. J • 14 4» -

t An Acte for establishinge a Joynture to Anne Lady Wentworth, now Wife of Willyam Pope Esquier & for the better enablinge of the sayde Willyam Pope to sell aaine of his Landes for the payment of his Debtes. An Acte for establishing a Joincture to-. Anne Lady Wentworth now Wife of j Wittm Pope Esq' & for the better enabling 1 of the sayde Wittm Pope to sell certayne of his Landes for the payment of his 1 Debts. J >5 43 -

( 1 )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of th« ACT. NT JMBER Paoc

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. or the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Eliz. On the Roll. On the Act.

1601. An. 43. [& 44.] An Acte for Confirmac&n of Grauntes made to the Queenes Majestie, and of Letters Patentes made by her Highnes to others. An Acte for Confirmac&n of Graunts made 'J to the Queenes Mau* of ires Patents made > by her Highnes to others. J I. 1 I 959

— — An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. An Acte for the Releefe of the Poore. 11. 2 2 962

— — An Acte for the neceesarie Releife of Souldiers and Mariners. An Acte for the necessarye Releife of I Souldiers and Mariners. J m. 3 3 9 66

An Acte to redresse the misemployment of Landes Goodes and Stockes of Money heretofore given to charitable Uses. An Acte to redresse the misimployment of 'j Landes Goodes and Stockes of Money I heretofore given to certeine charitable j Uses. ) IV. 4 4 968

— — An Acte to pvent Pjurie and Subornac&n of Pjurie, and unnecessarie Expences in Suites of La we. An Acte to prevente Perjurye and subor- naco of Perjurie & unnecessary Expenses / in suytes of Lawe. J V. 5 5 970

— — An Acte to avoide trifling and frivolous Suites in Law in her Majesties Courtes at Westfri. An Act to avoyde trifeling and frivolous } Suites in Lawe in her Ma'*‘ Courts at > Westminster. J VI. 6 6 97*

— — An Acte to avoide and p>vent divers Misdemeanours in lewde and idle psons. An Acte to avoyde and prevente dyvers 1 Mysdemeano" in lewde and ydle persons. J VII. 7 7 97*

— — An Acte against fraudulent admynistrac&n of Intestates Goodes. An Acte against fraudulent Administration "I of Intestates Goods. J vni. 8 8 972

— — An Acte for contynuance of dyvers Statutes, and for repeale of some others. An Acte for contynuance of divers Statutf "1 and for repeale of some others. J IX. 9 9 973

— — An Acte for the true workinge and makinge of Wollen Clothe. An Acte for the true making and working 1 of Wollen Clothes. J X. 10 10 975

An Acte for the recov’ye of many hundred thousand acres of Marishes and other Groundes, subject comonlie to surround-inge within the Isle of Elye, and the Counties of Cambridge Huntingdon Northampton Lincolne NorfFoke Suffolke Sussex Essex Rente and the Countie Palatine of Durham. An Acte for the recovering of many hundred ' thowsand Acres of Marishes and other Groundes subject comonlye to surround-inge w'hin the Isle of Elye and the countyes of Cambridge Huntington Northampton Lincolne Norff Suff Sussex Essex Kent and the Cownty Palantyne of Duresme. XI. 11 11 977

— — An Acte con?ninge Matters of Assurances amongste Marchantes. An Acte concerning matters of Assurances 1 used amongst Marchauntf. J XII. 12 12 978

— An Acte for the more peaceable Government of the partes of Cumberland North-umbland WestSland, and the Bishopricke of Durham. An Acte for the more peaceable Goveme- "j ment of the Partes of Cumberland 1 Northumberland Westmerland and the j Bishopricke of Durham. J XIII. >3 *3 979

— — An Acte concViinge the Assize of Fewell. An Acte concerninge the Assize of Fewell. XIV. 14 ! •4 981

— — An Acte for the levyinge of Fynes withe Pclamac&n of Landes within the Countie of the Citie of Chester. An Acte for the levyinge of Fynes wth 'j Proclamac&nsofLandes w"‘in the Countye > of the Cyttie of Chester. J XV. >5 *5 982

— 1 An Acte for the reedifienge repairinge and maintayninge of two Bridges over the Ryver of Eden, neere the Citie of Carlile in Cumbland. An Acte for the reedifyinge, repayringe and "j mayntayninge of twoe Bridges over the 1 River of Eden neare the Cyttye of Carliell j in Cumberland. J XVI. 16 16 984

— — t An Acte for the Confirmac&n of the Subsedies graunted by the Clergie. An Acte for the Confirmac&n of the Sub- 1 sedies graunted by the Clergie. J XVII. — *7 984

t An Acte for the Graunte of Fower entire Subsidies and Eighte Fifteenes and Tenthes granted by the Temporaltie. An Acte for the Grante of sower entire "I Subsidies and Eight Fifteenes & Tenthes > graunted by the Temporaltie. J XVIII. - 18 99*

( K

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

— DATE. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER

AD. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter if primed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original An in Parliamtnc. of thil Volume.

1601. Eliz. An. 43. continued. Oh the Roll. t An Acte for the Queenes Majesties moste gracious geniall and free Pardon. Oh the Act. An Acte for the Queenes Ma0* most gracious ) gereall and free Pardon. j XIX. 19 1010

— — t An Acte for the pfectinge of the Joynture of the Ladie Bridgett Countesse of Sussex Wife of Robert Earle of Sussex. An Acte for the perfectinge the Joynture of Y the Ladie Bridgett Countess of Sussex, s. Wife of Robert Earle of Sussex. j • Private. I 20 —

" t An Acte for the assuringe of c?tayne Manours and Landes for parte of a Joynture to Lucie Countesse of Bedford. An Acte for the Assuraunce of certaine "I Mannors and Landes for parte of a I Joynture to Lucye Countess of Bedford. j 2 21 —

— — t An Acte for the Denizac&n of c?taine peons. An Acte for the Denyzac&n of certeyne ) persons. j • 3 22 —

t An Acte for the enablinge of Edwarde Nevill of Birlinge in the Countie of Kent, and Sir Henrie Nevill Knighte his sonne and heire apparante to dispose of ctaine Coppyehold Landes parcel 1 of the Mannour of Rotherfeilde in the Countie of Sussex and of the Mannor of Ailesley and Filongley in the Countie of Warwicke. An Acte for the enhablinge of Edward" Nevill of Byrlinge in the Cowntie of Kent, and S' Henry Nevill Knight his sonne and heire apparant to dispose of certen Coppiehoulde Landes pcell of the Manno' of Rotherfield in the Cowntie of Sussex, and of the Manno" of Alesley and Fylongley in the Cownty of Warwick. • 4 23 -

t An Acte to confirme the Assurance of the Mannours or Farmes of Gageburie alias Gadgburie and Obden and other Here-ditamentes to Samuell Sandis Esquire and John Harris Gentleman and theire Heires. An Acte to confirme thassurance of the ) Mannors or Farmes of Sageburie ats Sadgebutie & Obden and other Heredita- L mentf to Samuell Sandis F.squier & John 1 Harris Gent and theire Heires. • 5 24 -

t An Acte for Augmentac&n of the Joynture of Rachell Wiefe of Edwarde Nevile of Birlinge in the Countie of Kente. An Acte for the Augmentac&n of the j Joynture of Rachell Wyef of Edwarde V-Nevill of Byrlynge in the Countye of J Kent. 6 2 5 —

— — t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Ctaine psons borne beyonde the Seas. An Acte for the naturalizinge of certen > persons borne beyond the Seas. j • 7 26 -

t An Acte for the assuringe of the Patronage of the Vicarage of Rotherston in the Countie of Chester and a Schollers Roome in the Cathedrall Churche of Christe in Oxoii of the Foundacon of Kinge Henrie the Eighthe by the Deane and Chapiter of the saide Cathedr Churche to Thomas Venables Esquire and his heires for eV. An Acte for the assuringe of the Patronage ’ of the Vicaredge of Rotherston in the Countye of Chester and a Schollers Roome in the Cathedrell Churche of Christ in Oxoii (of the foundac&n of Kinge Henry the Eight) by the Deane and Chapter of the saide Cathedrall Churche to Thomas Venables Esquire & his heires for ever. • 8 27 -

f An Acte for the endinge and appeasinge of all ControvWs Matters and Debates betweene Francis Kettlebie of the one parte and Andrewe Kettlebie and Jane his Wife of the other parte. An Acte for the ending and appeasinge of"| all ControvWs Matters & Debates betwene Francis Ketelby of the one ptie J» and Andrewe Ketelby and Jane his Wief of the other ptie. J • 9 28 -

t An Acte to make the Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes of Edwarde Lucas Gentleman deceased Executor of the lastc Will and Testamente of John Flowerdew Esquire deceased, liable to the paymente of ctaine Legacies given by the laste Will of the saide John Flowerdew and to the paymente of divers other Debtes owing by the said Lucas in his life tyme. An Acte to make the Landes Tenem'f and ' Hereditam'f of Edward Lucas Gens deceased Executor of the last Will and Testam* of John Flowerdew Esquier deceased liable to the payment of certen r Legacyes given by the last Will of the said John Flowerdew and to the payrn1 of divers other Debts oweinge by the saide Lucas in his life tyme. rttiV&hs'i 10 29

( IK )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION or thb ACT. NUMBER Pack

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Or the Chapter at primed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. or dm Volume.

1603*4. Jac. I. An. 1. Oh thb Roll. A moste joyfull and juste Recognition of the imediate lawful and undoubted Succession Descent and Righte of the Crowne. Oh thb Act. A most joyfull and just recognition of') the immediat lawfull and undoubted I Succession Discent and Right of the j Crowne. J I. 1 1 IOI7

An Acte authorizinge certaine Comissioners of the Realme of England to treate withe Comissioners of Scotland for the weale of bothe Kingdomes. An Acte authorising certaine Comissioners'I of England to treat with Commissioners 1 of Scotland for the weale of both j Kingdomes. J II. 2 2 I0l8

An Acte againste the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishoprickes and Bishoprickes, and for avoydinge of Dilapidations of the same. An Act against the Diminution of the") Possessions of Archbishoprickf and ( Bishopricks and for avoidinge of Dilapidations of the same. J III. 3 3 IOI9

— An Acte for the due Execution of the Statutes againste Jesuits Seminarie Priestes Recusants &c. An Acte for the due execution of the') Statutes against Jesuites Seminary Preistes / Rescusants &c. J IV. 4 4 1020

— An Acte to pVent the ov'charge of the People by Stewards of Courte Leetes and Courte Barons. An Act to prevent the overcharge of the') People by Stewards of Court Leetes and / Court Barons. J V. 5 J 1022

An Acte for the explanation of the Statute made in the fiJfte yere of the late Queene Elizabethes Reigne, conceminge Labourers. An Acte made for the explanacion of the ^ Statute made in the fifte yeare of the late I Queene Elixabeths Reign, concerning j Laborers. J VI. 6 6 1022

An Acte for the Continuance and Explanation of the Statute made in the 39 yeere of our late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for Punishmente of Rogues Vagabondes and Sturdie Beggers. An Act for the contynuance and expiana- > cion of the Statute made in the xxxix,h 1 yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene I Eliz. intituled An Act for Punishment j of Rogues Vagabonds and sturdie J Beggers. J VII. 7 7 1024

■ " An Acte to take awaye the benefite of Clergie from some kinde of Manslaughter. An Acte to take awaie the bennefite of 1 Clergie for some kinde of Manslaughter. / vm. 8 8 1026

— — An Acte to restraine the inordinate hauntinge and tiplinge in Innes Ale houses and other Victuallinge Houses. An Act to restrain the inordinate haunting') and tippling in Innes Alehouses and f other Victualling Houses. J IX. 9 9 1026

— An Acte for the better execution of Justice. An Acte for the better execution of Justice. X. 10 10 1027

— — An Acte to restrayne all psons from Marriage until theire former Wyves and former Husbandes be deade. An Acte to restraine all persons from") Manage untill theire former Wives and > former Husbands be dead. J XI. 11 11 1028

— — AnActe against Conjuration Witchcrafte and dealinge with evill and wicked Spirits. An Act against Conjurations & Witchcraft ^ & dealing w"1 evill & wicked Spirittf. f XII. 12 12 1028

An Acte for new Executions to be sued againste any which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution by Priviledge of Parliament, and for discharge of them out of whose Custody such psons shall be delivered. An Acte for new Executions to be sued against any which shall hereaft' be J delivW out of Execution by Priviledge of Parliamente, and for discharge of f them out of whose Custody such persons 1 shalbe delived. XIII. >3 *3 1029

— An Acte for Recoverie of Small Debtes, and releevinge of poore Debtors in London. An Act for recoverie of smale Debts and 1 releiving of poore Debtors in London. J XIV. 14 14 1029

— An Acte for the better Reliefe of the Creditors againste suche as shall become Bankrupt (\ An Act for the better Releif of the-) Creditors against such as shall become > Banckrupts. J XV. »5 *5 I03I

— An Acte conceminge Wherrymen and _ Watermen. An Act conceminge Wherrymen and \ Watermen. j XVI. 16 16 1034

( Hit )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER. l Paoi

AD R«iC>. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

On thk Roll. On the Act.

Jac.I. = —

1603-4* An. 1. continued. An Arte for the better Execution of former Lawes touchinge the makinge of Hats and Felts, and for the more restrainte of unskilfull and deceivable workmanshippe therein used, to the wronge of all sortes of the People of this Realme. An Act for the better execucion of former Lawes touching the making of Hatts and j Felts and for the more restraint of I unskillfull and deceivable workmanshipp r therein used, to the wrong of all sorts of 1 the People of this Realme. J XVII. »7 >7 1035

— An Acte for avoydinge of deceiptfull sellinge buyinge or spendinge corrupte and unwholesome Hoppes. An Act for avoyding of deceit in selling A buying or spending corrupt and un- > wholesome Hopps. J xvm. 18 18 1036

— An Acte for the well garblinge of Spices. An Act for the well garbling of Spices. XIX. >9 >9 1036

1 — An Act for redresse of certaine Abuses and Deceiptf used in Paintinge. An Acte for redresse of certaine Abuses 1 and Deceipts used in paintinge. J XX. 20 20 1037

— — An Acte againste Brokers. An Act against Brokers. XXL 21 21 1038

— ' An Arte conceminge Tanners Curriers Shoomakers and other Artificers occu-pyinge the cuttinge of Leather. An Act concerning Tanners Curriers A Shoomakers and other Artificers occupy- > ing the cutting of Leather. J XXII. 22 22 IO39

An Acte for the better p>servation of Fishinge in the Counties of Somsett Devon and Cornewall and for the releife of Balkers Conders and Fishermen againste malicious Suites. An Acte for the better preservac&n of the A Fishinge in the Counties of Somersett Devon and Cornwall, and for the I releefe of Balkers Conders and Fisher- 1 men againste malitious Suits. XXIII. *3 »3 1048

— — An Acte againste the deceiptfull and false makinge of Mildernix and Powle Davies whereof Saile Clothes for the Navie and other Shippinge are made. An Act against the deceitfull and false making of Mildernix & Poule Davies 1 whereof Sayle Clothes for the Navie and other Shipping are made. J XXIV. 24 24 1049

— An Acte for continuynge and revivinge of divers Statutes and for repealinge of some others. An Act for contynuing and reviving of divers Statutes and for repealling of some others. J XXV. »5 as 1050

— An Acte for the continuance and due observation of certaine Orders for the Exchequer first set downe and established by vertue of a Privie Seale from the late Queene Elizabeth. An Act for the continuance and due observacion of certaine Orders for the Exchequer, first sett downe and esta- }> blished by vertue of a Privie Seale from the late Queene Elizabethe. XXVI. 26 26 1052

1 i An Acte for the better execucion of the intent and meaninge of former Statutes made againste shootinge in Gunnes and for the pfeervation of the Game of Pheasantes and Partridges and againste the destroyinge of Hares with Harepipes and tracinge Hares in the Snowe. An Act for the better execucion of thintent' and meaning of former Statuts made against shooting in Gunns and for the preservacon of the Game of Phesantf and Partridgs and against the destroying of Hares w"1 Harepipes and tracing Hares in the Snowe. XXVII. 27 27 II j !| loss *1 ;t 1

I An Acte for Confirmation of the Kinges Majesties Charter and Letters Patentes graunted to the Mayor Bayliffes and Burgesses of the Burroughe of Berwicke uponTwede and theire Successors, and of the Franchises Liberties Priviledges Jurisdictions and Customes of the saide Burroughe. An Act for Confirmac&n of the Kings Mau' Charter and tres Patent granted to the Maior Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Burrough of Berwick upon Twede and their Successors and of the Franchises Libertyes Jurisdictions and Customes of the said Burrough. XXVIII. 28 28 1 i io57 i

An Acte to encourage the Seamen of England to take Fishe wherebie they may encrease to fumishe the Navie of England. An Act to encourage the Seamen of England ] to take Fish whereby they may increase ’ to furnish the Navie of England. J XXIX. 29 29 1058 |j

o

( Kv )

I

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoc

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roil Chancery Of the Original At Parliament of this Volume.

1603-4 Jac. L An. 1. cvnlinueA. On the Roll. An Acte for the erectinge and buildinge of a Churche in Melcombe Regis to be the Parishe Churche of Radipoll j and for makinge the oulde Churche of Radipoll a Chappell belonginge to the same. On the Act. An Act for the erecting and buylding of a 1 Church in Melcomb Regis to be the Parish Church of Radipoll and for making the ould Church of Radipoll a Chappell belonging to the same. J XXX. 3° 3° I059

— — An Acte for the charitable Reliefe and orderinge of peons infected with the Plague. An Act for the charitable Releife and j Orderinge of persons infected with the Plague. J XXXI. 3* 31 1060

— — An Act for repaire of Dover Haven. An Act for repaire of Dover Haven. XXXII. 3a 32 1062

— — An Acte of a Subsiedie of Tonnage and Poundage. An Act of a Subsidie of Tonnage and ) Poundage. j XXXIII. 33 33 1062

_ An Acte of Confirmation of the Jointure of the moste highe and mightie Princesse Anne Queene of England Scotland France and Ireland. An Act of ConfirmacSn of the Joincture of 1 the most high & mightie Princesse Anne, ( Queene of England Scotland France and j Ireland. J • Private I 35 -

t An Acte for an Assignement of certaine somes of Money for defrayinge of the Charges of the Kinges most honorable Houshold. An Act for the Assignment of certaine Sumes of Money for the defraying of the ( Charges of the Kings most honorable Houshold. J • 2 34 -

— t An Acte for Restitution of Henrie Earle of Southampton. An Acte of Restitution of Henrie Earle of Southampton. ) • 3 36 -

— — + An Acte for the Restitution of the Sonne and Two Daughters of Robert late Earle of Essex. An Acte of Restitution of the Sonne and Two Daughters of Robert late Earle of > Essex. J • 4 37 -

— — t An Acte for the Restitution of Thomas onelie sonne of Philippe late Earle of Arrundell. An Act for the Restitution of Thomas onlie ) sonne of Phillip late Earle of Arundell. j • 5 38 -

t An Acte for the Restitution in Blood of William Howarde youngest Sonne of Thomas late Duke of Norfolke and of the Children of the Ladie Margaret Sackvile Daughter of the said Duke. An Acte for Resticucon in Blood of William "J Howard youngest Sonn of Thomas late 1 Duke of Norfolke and of the Children of ? the Ladie Margaret Sackvile Daughter of 1 the said Duke. J • 6 39 -

— — t An Acte for the Restitution of William Paget onelie sonne of Thomas late Lorde Paget. An Act of Restitution of William Pagett ) onlie Sonne of Thomas late Lord Pagett. ) • 7 40 -

— — t An Acte for the Restitution of Thomas Lucas Gen! in Blood. An Act for the restoring of Thomas Lucas ) Genl in Bloud. ) • 8 4> -

| — t An Acte to secure Simpsons Debte, and save harmles the Warden of the Flete in Sir Thomas Sherleyes Case. An Acte to secure Simpsons Debt and save 1 harmlesse the Warden of the Fleet in > S' Tho. Shirleyes Case. J • 9 72 -

t An Acte to secure the Debte of Simpson and others and save harmeles the Warden of the Flete in Sir Thomas Sherleyes Case. An Acte to secure the Debt of Simpson and J others and save harmlesse the Warden of > the Fleet in S' Thomas Shirleyes Case. ) • 10 42 -

t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Lodovicke Duke of Lennox Henrie I.orde of Obigney his Brother and theire Children. An Act for the naturalizing of Lodowick 1 Duke of Lennox ; EsmeLord of Obigney >■ his Brother, and their Children. J • I I 43 -

' — t An Acte for the naturalizinge of the Right Honourable Margaret Countesse of Nottingham. An Act for the naturalizing of the 1 Right Honorable Margarett Countesse > of Notingham. J • 12 44 -

1 " t An Acte for the naturalizinge of John Earle of Marre his Wife and Children. An Act for the naturalizing of John Earle ) of Marr his Wife and Children. ) • 13 45

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE oe DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoc

AD Re*". IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roll Chau eery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of thia Volume.

1603-4. Jac. I. An. 1. continued. On the Roll. t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir George Howme Knighte Lorde Treasourer of Scotland his Wife and Children. On the Act. An Act for the naturalizing of S' George 1 Howme Knight, Lo. Treasorer of Scot- f land his Wire & Children. J • Private *4 46 —

t An Acte for Confirmation of certaine Letters Patentes made to Sir George Howme Knight Lorde Treasourer of Scotland. An Acte for Confirmae&n of certaine tres "1 Patents made to S' George Howme r Knight Lord Treasorer of Scotland. J • «5 47 —

t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir Edwarde Bruce Knight Lorde of Kinlosse his Wife and Children and for Confirmation of Letters Patentes made to hym. An Acte for the naturalizeng of S' Edward J Bruce Knight Lorde of Kinlosse his Wife I and Children, and for confirmation of tres f Patents made to him. ) • 16 48 —

t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir Thomas Areskyn Knight and Alexander Areskin his Sonne and all other the Children of the said Sir Thomas, borne in the Kingdome of Scotland or wheresoever within the Kinges Majesties Dnions. An Acte for the naturalizinge of S'Thomas A Areskin Knight & Alexander Areskin his I sonn and all other the children of the v, said S' Thomas borne in the Kingdome of Scotland or wheresoever within the I Kings Ma"* Dominions. J >7 49 —

+ An Acte for Confirmation of Letters Patents made to the Righte Honourable Charles Earle of Nottingham Lorde Admirall of England Thomas Earle of Suffolke Lorde Chamberlaine of the Kinges Houshold, Sir John Leveson and Sir John Trevor Knightes, for the use and benefit of the Ladie Francis Dowager of Kildare and now Wife of Henrie late Lorde Cobham attainted. An Act for confirmac&n of tres Patterns made to the Right Honorable Charles E. of Nottingham L. Admyrall of England, Thomas Earle of Suffolk L. Chamberlaine of the Kings Houshold, S' shon Leveson and S' shon Trevor Knights, for the Use and Benefitt of yc Lady Francis Dowager of Kildare and now Wife of Henrie late L. Cobham attainted. • 18 5° 1

— t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Dame Marie Aston, Wife to Sir Roger Aston Knighte and theire Children. An Act for the naturalizing of Dame") Marie Aston Wife to S' Roger Aston / Knight and their Children. J • 19 51

— — + An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir John Ramsey Knighte. An Act for the naturalizinge of S'John 1 Ramsey Knight. / • 20 52 —

— — t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir James Haye Knighte. An Act for the naturalizing of S' James 1 Hay Knight. / • 21 53 —

— t An Acte for the naturalizinge of John Gordon Deane of Sap his Wife and Children. An Acte for the naturalizing of John 'J Gordon, Deane of Sarum, his Wife and > Children. J • 21 54 —

— — t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir John Kennedey Knighte. An Act for the naturalizinge of S' John 1 Kennedy Knight. J • a3 55 —

— — t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir John Drumonde Knighte. An Act for the naturalizing of S' John J Drummond Knight. J • 24 56 —

— t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Adam Newton Esquire. An Acte for the naturalizing of Adam J Newton Esq'. / a5 57 —

t An Acte for Restitution in Blood of Thomas Littleton eldest sonne of John Littleton late of Franckley in the Countie of Worcester Esquire deceased, John Littleton seconde Sonne of the saidJohn Littleton deceased, and Edwarde Littleton, thirde sonne of the saide John Littleton deceased, Bridget Littleton eldest Daughter of the saide John Littleton deceased, Anne Littleton seconde Daughter of the saide John Littleton deceased, and Jane Littleton thirde Daughter of the saide John Littleton deceased. Littleton. An Act of Restituc&n in Blood of Thomas Littleton eldest sonne of John Littleton late of Frankeley in the Countie of Wigorne Esq' deceased; John Littleton second sonne of the said John Littleton deceased, and Edward Littleton third sonne of the said John Littleton deceased, Brigett Littleton eldest Daughter of the said John Littleton deceased, Anne Littleton second Daughter of the said John Littleton deceased, and Jane Littleton third Daughter of the said John Littleton deceased. 26 58 —

( W )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DAT E. TITLE o> DESCRIPTION or th« ACT. NUMBER Paoe

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of (he Chapter printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. I. On tbs Roll. On the Act.

1603-4. An. 1. continued. t An Acte for the naturalizinge of William Browne, Anne Browne and Barbara Browne, Children of Sir William Browne Knight, Lieutenant Governor of his Majesties cautionarye Towne of Vlishinge. Wittm Browne, Anne and Barbara Browne. . An Act for the naturalizing of William I Browne, Anne Browne and Barbara ( Browne, Children of Sr Wittm Browne j Knighte Lieutenant Governo' of his 1 Ma"" cautionarye Towne of Flushinge.' • Private 37 59

— ~ t An Acte for the enablinge of Thomas Throckmorton Esquire to make Sale of certaine Landes for payment of his Debtes. An Act for the inhabling of Thomas'! Throgmorton Esq' to make sale of k certaine Landes for Payment of his f Debtes. • 38 60 -

~ t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Thomas Glover Margaret Mordant Francis Colly-more Alexander Daniell, Nicholas Gilpine and Marie Copcote. An Act for the naturalizing of Thomas Glover, Margarett Mordant, Francis f Collymore, Alexander Daniell, Nicholas j Gilpine and Marie Copcote. J • 39 61 -

— — t An Acte for the Sale of certaine Landes of Sir Thomas Rowse Knighte for the paymente of his Debtes. An Act for the Sale of certaine Landes of "I S' Tho. Rowse Knight for payment of > his Debts. J • 3° 63

" " t An Acte for the quiet establishinge and setlinge of the Landes and Possessions late of Sir George Rodney Knight deceased. An Acte for the quiet establishing and "j settling of the Lande and Possessions late > of S' George Rodney Knight deceased. J • 31 63 -

t An Act for the assuringe of certaine Landes and Tenementf to the Deane and Cannons of Windsor and of assuringe a Lease of the Prebend of Bedwin in the Countie of Wilts to Edward Earle of Hertforde. An Act for the assuring of divers Landes n and Tenem" to the Deane and Cannons j of Windsor and of assuring a Lease of ( the Prebend of Bedwyn in the Countie j of Wiltesse to Edward Earle of I Hartford. J • 3* 64 -

t An Acte for Henrie Jernegen the yonger for the Sale of the Mannour of Dages in Raveningham and Heringflete alias St. Olaves in the Counties of Norffolke and Suffolke for the Payment of his Debtes. Henry Jemegan the younger. An Acte for Henry Jernegan the younger J for the Sale of the Mannors of Dages I in Raveningham and Heringfleet alias r S‘ Olavs in the Counties of Norff and 1 Suff for the payment of his debtes. J • 33 65

— — t An Acte for the Jointure of the Wife of Marten Calthrope Gens. Mary Calthrop. -\ An Acte for the Joynture of the Wife of > Martyn Calthrop Gentleman. J • 34 66 -

— — t An Acte for the Releife of Thomas Lovell Esquire. An Act for the Reliefe of Thomas Lovell 1 Esquire. J • 35 67 -

t An Acte for Explanation of a former Acte made in the 43 Yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth intituled An Acte for the enablinge of Edwarde Nevile of Birlinge in the C.ountie of Kente and Sir Henrie Nevile Knight his sonne and heire apparante, to dispose of certaine Coppyholde Landes, parcell of the Mannour of Rotherfield in the Countie of Sussex and of the Mannours of Allesley and Filongley in the Countie of Warwicke. An Act for Explanation of a former Act" made in the xliij*1’ yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the enabling of Edward Nevill of Birling in the Countie of Kent and S' Henry Nevill Knight his sonne and heire apparent to dispose of certaine Copyhold Lands percell of the Manor of Rother-feild in the Countie of Sussex and of the Mannors of Allesley and Fillongley in the County of Warwick. • 36 68 -

t An Acte to enable John Tebols Gens to make his Wife a Jointure of certaine of his Landes, and to sell some parte for pferment of his yonger Children. An Acte to enable John Tebold Gens to make his Wife a Joyncture of certen of 1 his Lands, and to sell some parte for f preferm1' of his yonger Children. • 37 69

( Ivii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the lieign of King James I

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. N UMBE R Pack

A.D- Rnpi. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter a» printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of th« Original Ait in Parliament. of thii Volume.

T 2 Jac. I. An. 1. continued. On the Roll. t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Katherine Vincent, Elizabeth Vincent, Suzanne Vincent, Hester Vincent and Marie Vincent. t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Victor Chauntrell, Peter Martin Mentia Van Urzell Wife of George Aldriche Esquire, Sabina Aldriche, Edwarde and Peregrine Aldrich her Children. On the Act. An Act for the naturalizing of Katherine 'j Vincent Elizabeth Vincent Susan Vincent J Hester Vincent and Marie Vincent. J Victor Chauntrell Peter Martin Mentia Van ' Ursell Geo. Aldrick An Act for the naturalizing of Victor Chauntrell Peeter Martin Mentia Van Ursell Wife of George Aldrich Esquire, Sabina Aldrich Edward and Peregrine Aldrich her Children. • • Private 38 39 70 71 —

1605-6. An. 3. C*4j An Acte for a Publique Thanckesgiving to Almighty God everie Yeere on the fifte day of November. An Act for a publique Thanks-geving to ~i Almighty God every yeere on the fifte \ day of November. J 1. I I 1067

" An Acte for the Attaindors of divers Offenders in the late moste barbarous monstrous detestable and damnable Treasons. An Act for the Attaindor of divers Offendors ~j in the late most barbarous monstrous j> detestable and damnable Treasons. J IT. 2 2 1068

1 An Act declaratorie, explayning a branche of an Acte made in the first Session of this Parliament intituled An Acte authorizing certaine Comissioners of the Realme of Englande to treat with Comissioners of Scotlande for the Weale of both Kingdomes. An Act declaratorie explaning a Branch of "j an Act made in the first Session of this 1 Parlament intituled An Act authorizing I certaine Comissioners of the Realme j. of England to treat w,h the Comissioners of Scotland for the Weale of bothe Kingdomes. J III. 3 3 1070 i i

, — — An Acte for the better discovering and repressing of Popish Recusantf. An Act for the better discovering and ") repressing of Popish Recusants. IV. 4 4 1071

— An Acte to prevent & avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish Recusantf. An Act to prevent and avoid Daungers w1* 1 may growe by Popish Recusantf. V. 5 5 io77

- An Acte to enable all his Majesties loving Subjects of Englande and Wales to trade freely into the Dominions of Spaine Por-tugale and France. An Acte to enable all his Ma'f loving Subjects of England & Wales to trade 1 freelie into the Dominions of Spaine r Portugall & France. VI. 6 6 eo OO O

An Acte to reforme the Multitudes and Misdemeanors of Attorneyes and Solli-citors at Lawe, and to avoide sundrie unnecessarie Suits and Charges in Lawe. An Act to reforme the Multitudes & Mis- 't demeano" of Attorneys & Sollicito" at 1 Lawe and to avoyd sondrie unneces- / sarie Suites and Charges in Law. VII. 7 7 O OO U>

— — An Acte for the avoiding of unnecessarie delayes of Execuc&n. An Act for avoiding of unnecessarie Delaies -> of Executions. r VIII. 8 8 1084

— — An Acte for the Reliefe of suche as lawfully use the Trade and Handicrafte of Skynners. An Acte for the Release of such as lawfullie l use the Trade & Handycraft of Skynners. j IX. 9 9 1084 j

— — An Acte for the rating and levying of the Charges for conveying Malefactors and Offendors to the Gaole An Act for the rating and levying of the ^ Charges for conveying Malefactors and I Offendors to the Gaole. X. 10 10 oc 0

— — An Acte for Transportation of Beere over the Seas. An Act for transportaebn of Beer over the 1 Seaes. j XI. 11 11 N OO O

■— An Acte for the better p'servaciin of Sea Fishe. An Act for the better preservation of Sea I Fishe. / XII. 12 12 1087

( lviii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed, in the Reign of King James I.

date. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Ordinal Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. I. On the Roll. On the Act.

1605-6. An. 3. [& 4-] continual. An Acte againste unlawfull hunting and stealing of Deere and Connies. An Acte for explanac&n of the Statute of Sewers. An Act against unlawfull hunting & stealing 1 of Deere and Connies. J An Act for explanation of the Statute of "1 Sewers. J xm. XIV. •3 14 13 *4 1088 1089

— — An Acte for the recovering of small Debts and for the relieving of poore Debtors in London. An Act for the recovering of small Debts 'I and for the relieving of poore Debtors > in London. J XV. >5 IS 1090

■ " An Acte for the repeale of one Acte made in the fourtenth yeere of Queene Elizabethes Raigne conceminge the length of Kersies. An Act for the repeal of one Act made A in the fourteenth yeare of Queen ( Elizabethes Raign concerning the length of Kersies. J XVI. 16 16 1091

— — An Acte concerning Walsh Cottons. An Act concerning Walsh Cottons. XVII. >7 >7 1092

— — An Acte for the bringing in of a freshe Streame of running Water to the Northe parts of the City of London. [An Act for the bringing in of a fresh "J Streame of running Water to the North ? parts of London.—^Calendar] j XVIII. [■8 1 in Cal.'] V m isting ) 1092

An Acte for repairing of the Highway from Nonsuch to Taleworth in the Parishes of Ewell and Longditton in the County of Surrey leading to Kingston upon Thames in the County aforesaide. An Act for repayring of the Highwaie from Nonsuch to Talworth in the Parishes of Ewell and Long Ditton in the Countie of ? Surrey leading to Kingston upon Thames 1 in the County aforesayd. J XIX. •9 >9 1094

—— — An Acte for clearing the Passage by Water from London to and beyond the Citye of Oxforde. An Act for clearing the passage by Water '1 from London to and beyond the Cittie of / Oxford. ) XX. 20 20 i°9S

— — An Acte to restraine Abuses of Players. An Act to restraine Abuses of Playe*. XXL 21 21 J097

— — An Acte for paving of Drury Lane and the Towne of S' Giles in the Fieldes within the County of Middlesex. An Act for paving of Drury Lane and the 'I Towne of S* Giles in the Fieldes within j" the County of Middlesex. J XXII. 22 22 1097

— — An Acte for the newe making up and keeping in Reparacbn of Chepstow Bridge. An Act for the newe making upp and keeping in Reparation of Chepstow / Bridge. J XXIII. a3 23 1098

— — An Acte for the reedifying of a Bridge over the River of Seaverne, neere the Towne of Upton upon Seaverne. An Act for the reedifying of a Bridge over '| the River of Seaverne neare the Towne > of Upton upon Seaverne. J XXIV. 24 24 1100

— — t An Acte for Confirmation of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie. An Acte for Confirmaeon of the Subsidies ] graunted by the Clergie. J XXV. 25 aS 1 lot

— — t An Acte for the Grant of three entire Subsidies and Six Fifteenes and Tenthes granted by the Temporally. An Acte for the Grant of three entire') Subsidies and Six Fifteenes and Tenthes J granted by the Temporally. J XXVI. 26 26 1108

— — t An Acte for the Kings Ma'1" most gracious generall and free Pardon. An Acte for the Kings Majesties most ] gracious generall and free Pardon. J XXVII. 27 27 1126

f An Acte for the assuringe of certaine small parcells of Ground to Robert Earle of Salisburie and his Heires for the inlargement and comodious use of his Mansion Howse in the Strond now called Salisbury Howse and for recompence to be given for the same. An Act for the assuring of certaine small parcells of Ground to Robert Earle of Salisburie and his Heires for the Enlardgment & comodious use of his Mansion House in the Strond now called Salisburie House, and for recompence to be given for the same. • Private. 28 -

f An Acte for the assurance of the Joincture of the Right Honorable Frauncis Countesse of Essex Wife of the Right Honorable Robert Earle of Essex. An Acte for the assurance of the Jointure 'j of the Right Honorable Francys 1 Countesse of Essex Wife of the Right / Honorable Robert Earle of Essex. 2 29 -

( 1« )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE 01 DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pack

AD. Rap. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter m printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

1605-6. Jac. I. An. 3. [&40 continued. Oh the Roll. t An Acte for the President and Schollers of Corpus Christi Colledge in the UniVsity of Oxeforde. On the Act. An Act for the President & Schollers of 'j Corpus Christi Colledge in the V Universide of Oxford. J • Private. 3 30 —

t An Acte for the better Sale of certaine Landes of Henry late Lorde Windsor deceased for payment of his Debts and better pformance of his last Will and Testamente. An Acte for the better Sale of certaine "j Lands of Henry Lord Windesor deceased for payment of his Debts and better ^ performance of his last Will & 1 Testament. J • 4 31 -

- t An Acte for the establishing of the Possessions and Inheritance of Edmond late Lorde Chandos of Sudeley deceased. An Act for the establishing of the Possessions & Inheritance of Edmond > late Lord Chandos of Sudeley deceased, j • 5 3* —

t An Acte to establishe in the Crowne the Landes and Possessions of Henry late Lorde Cobham and George Brooke Esquier attainted of High Treason with a Confirmacbn of Grants made by his Majestie. An Act for the establishing in the Crowne the Landes & Possessions of Henrie late j Lord Cobham and George Brooke Esq' attainted of High Treason ; with a ( confirmacbn of Grants made by his 1 Mal,e. J • 6 33 —

t An Acte for the Confirmacon of certaine Leases and Estates made by the Right Honorable Robert Lorde Spencer and by his late Father deceased and his mother nowe livinge. An Act for the confirmacbn of certein Leases 1 and Estates made by the Right Honorable Robert Lo. Spencer and by his late Father deceased and his mother nowe living. J • 7 34 -

t An Acte for the restoring and enabling of Henry Lorde Danvers as sonne and heire to Sir John Danvers Knight deceased notwithstanding the Attaindor and corruption of Blood of Sir Charles Danvers Knight deceased elder Brother of the saide Lorde Danvers. An Act for the restoring & enabling of" Henrie Lord Danvers sonne & heire to S' John Danvers Knight deceased notwithstanding the Attainder & Corruption of Blood of S' Charles Danvers Knight deceased, elder Brother of the said Lord Danvers. • 8 35 —

r t An Acte for the Confirmation of the Kings Majesties Letters Patentf made to the Provost and Schollers of Oriell Colledge in Oxforde. An Act for Confirmacbn of the Kings 'j Majesties Ires Patentf made to the Pro- ( yost and Schollers of Oriell Colledge in Oxford. J • 9 36 —

t An Acte for Confirmacbn of Letters Patentf made to the Governors of the free Grammer Schole at S* Bees in the County of Cumberland. [An Act for Confirmacbn of Ires Patents'! made to the Govemo' of the free Gram- ( marSchoole at S'Bees in Cumberland.— ( Calendar."] J • "I [37 ) in ('ul.] V missing )

t An Acte to enable Sir Christopher Hatton Knighte to dispose of certaine Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf notwithstanding a Limitacbn or Clause of Per-petuitie annexed to his Estate. An Act to enhable S' Christopher Hatton 'I Knight to dispose of certaine Landes I Tenements & Hereditaments notwith- v standing a Limitacbn or Clause of Perpe- j tuitie annexed to his Estate. • 1 I 38 —

" t An Acte to assure and confirme the Sale of certaine Landes lying within the County of Middlesex to Thomas Lake Knighte and Dame Marie his Wife. An Act to assure and confirme the Sale of-\ ctcyne Lands heng w"'in the County of I Midd to Thomas Lake Knight and Dame f Mary his Wief. J • 12 39 —

— — t An Acte for Sale of certaine Landes of Sir Jonathan Trelowny Knight deceased for payment of his Debts. An Acte for Sale of certen Landes of 'j S' Jonathan Trelawney Knight decessed I for the payment of his Debtes. • 13 40 —

t An Acte for the assuring of the Joincture of Dame Elinor Cave Wife of Sir Thomas Cave of Stanforde in the County of Northampton Knighte. An Act for the Assurance of the Joyncture -v of Dame ElianorCave WifeofSir’l'homas ( Cave of Stanford in the County of North- t ampton Knight. j 14 41 —

( lx )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James 1.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER Pace

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

On the Roll. On the Act.

1605-6. Jac. I. An. 3. [& 4.] continued. t An Acte for enablinge of John Hotham Esquier the Father and John Hotham his Sonne to convey certaine Landes for a Joincture of such Wife as John the sonne shall marrie. An Act for inabling of John Hotham Esquier 1 the Father and John Hotham his sonne to 1 convey certaine Lands for a Jointure of V snch Wife as John the sonne shall 1 marrie. ) • Private 15 42 —

An Acte for the setling of the Manour of Rye in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester upon William Throckmorton Esquier and his Heirs, according to a Feoffment thereof made by Charles late Earleof Devonshire. An Act for the setling of the Mano' of Rie > in the Counties of Gloucester & of 1 Worcester, upon Will'm Throckmorton ( Esquier and his Heyres according to a j Feoffment thereof made by Charles late I Earle of Devonshire. ' • 16 43 -

— An Acte for the more speedie Sale of certaine Landes of Sir Thomas Rowse Knight for payment of his Debts. An Act for the more speedy Sale ofT certaine Lands of S' Thomas Rous I Knight deceased for Payment of his ( Debts. J • >7 44

" An Acte for Assurance of certaine Landes late Sir John Skinners Knight to Sir William Smith and Sir Michaei Hickes Knightf. An Act for Assurance of certaine Landes ’j late S' Joi n Skynners Knight, to Sr I William Smith and S' Michaell Hickf j Knightf. J # 18 45 - j

An Acte for the reliefe of John Roger Gentlqman against Robert Taylor Paul Taylor and William Taylor for defrauding of a Truste reposed in Thomas Taylor theire Father, and decreed againste them in the High Courte of Chancery. An Acte for the Reliefe of John Roger n Gent against Robert Taylor Paule Taylor I & William Taylor for defrauding of a (. Trust reposed in Thomas Taylor their f Father, & decreed against them in the I High Court of Chancery. ' >9 46 -

— — An Acte for the Assurance of the Landes of Walter Walshe Esquier. An Act for the assurance of the Landes of J Walter Walshe Esq'. J • 20 47 -

— — An Acte for Sale of certaine Landes of Edward Downes Esquier for payment of his Debts. An Act for Sale of certaine Lands of'l Edward Downes Esquire for the Pay- / ment of his Debts. J 21 48 -

r An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir David Foulis Knight and for Confirmacon of Letters Patentf by his inoste Excellent Majestie to hym made. An Act for the naturalizing of ST David "J Foulis Knight, and for ConfirmacSn V of certeine tres Patents by his most j Excellent Ma,ie to him made. J • 22 49

An Acte for the naturalizing of the Children of Sir Edward Conway Knighte Lieutenant Governor of the Kings Majesties cautionary Towne of the Brill. An Act for the naturalizing of the Children 1 of Sr Edward Conwaie Knight, Lieutenant ( Governo' of the Kings Mau cautionary j Towne of the Briell. J • 23 5° -

— — An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir James Areskyn Knight his Wife and Children. An Act for the naturalizing of S' James 1 Areskyn Knight his Wife and Children. J * 24 5i - 1

An Acte for the naturalizing of David Murray Knight Gentleman of the Prince his Bedchamber, and Thomas Murray Esquier Schoolemaster to the Duke of Yorke. An Act for the naturalizing of S' David 1 Murray Knight, Gentleman of the Prince 1 his Bedd Chamber, & Thomas Murray ? Esquier, Schoole M' to the Duke of Yorke. J • 25 53 - j

— — An Acte for the naturalizing of Daniel Godfrey of the Parishe of S' Buttolphes without Aldgate Gentleman. An Act for the naturalizing of Daniell 'J Godfrey of the Parish of Saint / Buttolphes without Algate Gentleman. J • 26 53 -

An Acte for the restituctm in bloud of John Holland sonne of Brian Holland, and Thomas Holland sonne of the saide John Holland. An Act for the Restytueon in Blood of'l John Holland sonne of Bryan Holland, ( and Thomas Holland sonne of the said j John Holland. J • 27 54 -

Gck -sle

C w )

Chbonological Table of Acts pasted in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE oi DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER Pace

AD. Rdpu IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. or Um Chapter as primed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act parliament. of thita Volume.

Jac. I. On the Roll. On the Act.

1605-6. An. 3. [&40 continued. An Adle for restitution of Rowland Mericke sonne of Sir Gelley Mericke Knight, and Dame Margaret Wife of Sir John Vaughan Knighte Daughter of the saide Sir Gelley in Blood. An Act of Restitution of Roland Meyrick ^ sonne of S' Gelley Meyrick Knight and { Dame Margaret Wife of S'John Vaughan V Knight Daughter of the said S' Gelley in 1 Blood. ) • 28 55 —

An Adle for the performance and execution of a Decree in the Chancerie made between William le Gris Plaintiffe and Robert Cottrell Defendant. An Act for the performance and Execution of a Decree in the Chauncerie made ( betweene William le Gris Pit and Robert Cottrell Defendant. J • 29 56 —

1606-7. An. 4. C&S-] An Act for the utter abolicion of all memory of Hostilitie and the Dependances thereof betweene England and Scotland and for the repressinge of occasions of Discord and Disorders in tyme to come. An Act for the utter abolition of all 'v memory of Hostilitie and the Dependancf I therof betweene England and Scotland I and for the repressing of occasions of ( Discordes and Disorders in time to j come. J L I I 1134

— — An Act for the true makinge of Woollen Clothes. An Act for the true making of Woollen I Clothes. ) n. 2 2 "37

— ' An Act to give Costs to the Defendant uppon a Nonsuite of the Plaintiffe, or uppon a Verdict against him. An Act to give Costs to the Defendant) upon a Non-sute of the PlayntifF or a ^ Verdict against him. ) in 3 3 1141

An Act to restrayne the utterance of Beere and Ale to Alehouse-keepers and Tiplers not licenced. An Act to restraine the utterance of Beere ) and Ale to Alehouse Keepers and Typlers r not licenced. ) IV. 4 4 1141

— An Acte for repressinge the odious and loathsome synne of Drunckennes. An Act for repressing the odious and I loathsome sinne of Drunkennes. $ V. 5 5 1142

An Adle for the repealinge of soe much of one Branch of a Statute made in the firste yeare of his Majesties Reigne, intituled An Act concnynge Tanners Curryers Shomakers and other Artyficers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather, as concneth the sealinge of Sheepe Skynnes and to avoyde sellinge of tanned Leather by weight. An Act for the repealing of so much of one branch of a Statute made in the first yeare of his Ma'f Raigne, intituled An Act concerning Tanners Curryers l Shomakers and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather as concerneth the sealing of Sheepskins, and to avoyd selling of tanned Leather by weight. VL 6 6 "43

An Act for the foundinge and incorporatinge of a Free Grammer Schoole in the Towne of Northleech in the Countye of Gloucester. An Act for the foundinge and incorporating '1 of a Free Griimar Schoole in the Towne ( of Northlech in the Countie of J Gloucester. / VII. 1 7 7 "44

— An Act touchinge the drowned Marshes of Lesnes and Fantf in the Countye of Kent. An Act touching the drowned Marshes of ) Lesnes S; Fantf in the County of Kent. ) VIII. 8 8 1146

An Act to explaine a former Act made in the last Session of this Parliament, intituled An Act to enable all his Majesties loving Subjedtf of England and Wales to trade freelie into the Domynions of Spaine Portugale and France. An Act to explane a former Act made the last Session of this Parliament, entituled j An Act to enable all his Ma"’ loving ^ Subjeclf of England and Wales to trade t freely into the Dominions of Spayne Portugall and France. J IX. 9 9 1148

An Act for Confirmacion of some parte of a Charter granted by K. Henrye the Sixt to the Maior BailiffC and Burgesses of the Towne of Southampton, and for Releif of the said Towne. An Act for Confirmation of some part'! of a Charter granted by King Henry the 1 Sixt to the Maior Baylifff and Burgesses s of the Towne of Southampton, and for 1 reliefe of the said Towne. x. 10 10 1148

‘1

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE oe DESCRIPTION or the ACT. N JMBER Pact

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Or the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. I. Oh the Roll. On the Act.

1606-7. An. 4. 0 5-] continued. An Act for the better -Pvision of Meadowe and Pasture for necessarie maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage in the Mannors Lordshippf and Parishes of Marden alias Mawarden Bodenham Wellington Sutton St. Michael Sutton S' Nicholas Murton upon Lug and the Parishe of Pipe, and everie of them in the Countye of Hereford. An Act for the better Provision of Meadow ‘ and Pasture for necessary maintenance of Husbandry & Tillage in the Mano" Lordshipps & Parishes of Marden ats Mawarden Bodenham Wellington Sutton S* Michaell Sutton S' Nicholas Murton upon Lugg and the Parish of Pipe, and every of them in the Countie of Hereff. _ XL IX II 1149

An Act for Explanacion of the Statute made in the thirde yeere of the Reigne of Kinge James, intituled An Act for the bringinge of a Fresh Streame of runnynge Water to the Northe partes of the Citie of London. An Acte for explanac&n of the Statute 'v made in the third yeare of the Raigne of I King James, entituled An Act for the V. bringing of a Fresh Streame of running f Water to the North parts of the Citie of I London. XU. 13 13 II5I

An Act for the drayninge of ?tayne Fennes and lowe Groundes w'hin the Isle of Ely subject to hurte by surroundinge, conteyninge above six thousand Acres compassed aboute with certaine Banckf comonlye called and named the Ringe of Waldersey and Coldham. An Act for the drayning of certeyn Fennes and low Grounds w^in the Isle of Ely, subject to hurt by surrounding conteyning above six thowsand Acres, compassed about w"' certaine Banckf comonlie called and named the Ringe of Waldersey and Coldham. XIII. *3 «3 1 152

t An Act for the assurance of the Howse of Theobaldf and divers Mannors and other Landes to the Queenes Majestie for terme of her life, and of the same Howse Mannors and Lands with other Mannors and Lands to the Kings most excellent Majestie his Heires and Successors and for the Assurance of other Mannors and Lands to the Earle of Salisburie and his Heires. An Act for assurance of the Howse of Theobaldes & divers Mannors & other Landes to the Queenes Ma* for terme of her Life, and of the same Howse Mannors & Landes with other Mannours & Landes to y' Kings most Excellent Ma,ic his Heires & Successors ; and for the assurance of other Mannors & Landes to the Earle of Salisbury & his Heires. • Private. I 14

t An Act for the enablinge of John Goode Esquire to convey unto his Majestie a small portion of Lande duringe a terme of yeeres. An Act for the enabling of John Good Esquire to conveie unto his Ma,ie a smale 1 portion of Land during a terme of I yeares. J • 2 *5 -

t An Act for the establishment and assurance of divers of the Possessions and Hereditaments of Ferdinando late Earle of Derby. An Act for the establishment and assurance 1 of divers of the Possessions and 1 Hereditamentf of Ferdinando late Earle ( of Derby. • 3 16 —

t An Acte whereby Richard Sackvile Esquire is enabled to make a Surrender under the K. Majestie of the Offices of Cheife Butler of England and Wales notwithstanding his minoride of yeeres. An Act whereby Richard Sackvill Esquire 'I is enabled to make a Surrender unto the Kings Ma,ie of the offices of Cheese J-Butler of England Sc Wales not with- I standing his minoritie of yeres. 4 *7 -

t An Acte for the assuringe of the advowson of the Vicarage of Chesthunt to Robert Earle of Salisburie and his Heires, and of the advowson of the Rectorie of Orset to Richard Bishop of London and his Successors. An Act for assuring the advowson of the > Vicarage of Chesthunt to Robert Earle j of Salisburie & his heires; and of the ( advowson of the Reftorie of Orsett to j Richard Bishopp of London and his 1 Successors. * 5 18 -

t An Act for Confirmacion of an Agreement betwixt Edwarde Lord Bruce and Michael 1 Doyley and others for the Lands late of William Ibgrave deceased. An Act of Confirmac&n of an Agreement "J betwixt Edward Lord Bruce and Michael 1 Doyley and others for the Lands late of ( William Ibgrave deceased. ) # 6 *9 —

1 t An Act for the Confirmacion of the Kings Majesties Ires patentf made to Robert Bathurst Esquire of the Mannor and Borough of Lachlad in the Countye of Glou£. An Act for the Confirmation of the Kings 'J Ma'f tres Patents made to Robert / Bathurst Esq' of the Mannor & Borough > of Lachelade in the Countie of [ Gloucester. J • 7 30 —

)^y

( Ixiii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Jaues I.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of thi ACT. NUMBER Paoe

AD. Me. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. or the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

1606*7. Jac. I. An. 4. C&5-] continued. Oh thi Roll. t An Act for the Confirmacion of the Kings Majesties Ires Patentf made to William Bourcher Esquire of the Mannor of Bardisley in the Countie of Gloucester. Oh thi Act. An Act for the Confirmation of the Kings 'v Ma"" Ires Patents made to William 1 Bourchier Esquier of the Manno' of t Bardesleigh in the Countie of Gloucester. J • Private 8 21 —

t An Act for Confirmacion of 9ten Landes to the Warden and Colledge of the Soules of all faithful People deceased of Oxon, and of other Lands to Sir William Smith Knight. An Act for Confirmation of certaine 'j Landes to the Warden & Colledg of the Soules of all faithfull People deceased of > Oxon and of other Landes to S' William 1 Smith Knight. J • 9 22 —

t An Act for securinge and confirminge of the Lands Tenementf and Rents heretofore graunted devised or conveyed to severall Companies within the Citye of London, and to the Maior and Communaltie and Citizens of the Citye of London. Companies in London. An Act for securing & confirming of the Landes Tenements & Rents heretofore graunted devised or conveyed to severall Companies w'hin the Cittie of London, and to the Maior & Cominaltie & Citizens of y' Cittie of London. • IO 23 —

t An Act for further Assurance to the Purchasers of tten Lands late Sir Jonathan Trelawneis Knight deceased appointed by Act of Parliament to be sold for payment of his Debts. An Act for further Assurance to the 'j Purchaso" of certeyn Lands late S’ 1 Jonathan Trelawneyes Knight deceased > appoynted by Act of Parliament to be 1 sold for payment of his Debts. J 11 24 —

' t An Act for Restitucion in Blood of the Sonnes and Daughters of Edwarde Windsor. An Act of Restitution in Blood of the} Sonnes and Daughters of Edward > Windsor. ) • 12 *5 —

" — t An Act for the better enablinge of John Evelyn Esquire to make sale of cten Lands for the payment of his Debts. An Act for the better enabling of John Evelyn Esquier to make sale of certeyn J* Lands for the payment of his Debts. ) • *3 26 —

t An Ade for the Assignement of a Jointure to such Wife as John Tompson Sonne and Heire of Robert Tompson a Lunaticke shall marry and for p>sent maintenance of the said John. An Act for Assignment of a Jointure to ^ such Wife as John Tompson Sonne and Heyre of Robert Tompson a Lunaticke V shall marry and for present maintenance 1 of the said John. J • 14 27 —

f An Act for the Sale of the Lands of William Waller Esquire to pforme a Decree in Chancery for the payment of 505 ti. tenne shillingf sixpence. An Ade for the Sale of the Lands of ^ William Waller Esquier to performe a [ Decree in Chauncery for the payment > of five hundreth and five pounds tenn I shillings six pence. j >5 28 -

" t An Act for the naturalizing of John Steward Esquire Brother and Heire Apparant to Patricke Earle of Orkney. An Act for the naturalizing of John Steward 1 Esquire Brother & Heire apparant to c" Patrick Earle of Orckney. J • 16 29 -

1 " t An Act for the natural izinge of Peter Baro alias Barow Doctor of Phisicke and Marie his wife. An Act for the naturalizing of Peter Baron 1 ats Baro Docto' in Phisick and Mary his < Wife. j • •7 30 -

— ' t An Act for the naturalizinge of James Desmaistres of the Parish of S' Buttolphes without Aldgate and Mary his wife. An Act for the naturalizing of James Des- j maistres of the Parish of S’ Buttolphes > w^out Algate and Mary his Wyfe. ) * 18 3* -

— — t An Act for the naturalizinge of Fabyan Smith. An Act for the naturalizing of Fabian > Smith. ) • >9 3» -

t An Act for the naturalizinge of John Ramsden. An Act for the naturalizing of John ) Ramsden. > • 20 33 —

( lxiv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Page

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. I. On the Roll. On the Act.

ON O o An. 7. [& 80 An Acte for the better Execucion of Justice and suppressing of criminall Offenders in the North Parts of the Kingdome of England. An Act for the better Execucon of Justice "j and suppressing of Criminall Offendo" 1 in the North Parts of the Kingdome of C England. J 1. I I 1156

An Acte that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper and the Oath of allegiance, and the Oath of Supremacye. An Act that all such as are to be natu-'l ralized or restored in Blood shall first I receive the Sacrament of the Lords V Supper and the Oth of Allegiance and the Oth of Supremacie. J 11. 2 2 "57

An Acte for the contynuinge and better Maintenance of Husbandrye and other manuell Occupations by the true ymploy-ment of Moneys given and to be given for the byndinge out of Apprentices. An Act for the continuing and better'! maintenance of Husbandry and other f Manuell Occupac6ns by the true ym- > ployment of Moneys given and to be given for the bynding out of Apprentices. J III. 3 3 "57

An Acte for the due execucion of divers Lawes and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues, Vagabondf and Sturdye Beggars, and other lewde and idle psons. An Acte for the due Execucbn of divers "| Lawes and Statutes heretofore made 1 against Rogues Vagabondf and sturdy j Begg" and other lewd and idle psons. J IV. 4 4 "59

An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and contentious Suites, pse-cuted against Justices of the Peace Maiors Constables and c?taine other his Majesties Officers, for the lawful execucion of their Office. An Act for the ease in pleading against > troblesome and contentious Sutes pro- 1 secuted against Justices of the Peace L Mayo" Constables and certain other his ( Malf Officers for the lawfull execucon I of their Office. ' V. S 5 1161

— — An Acte for administringe the Oath of Allegiance, and Reformation of married Women Recusantf. An Act for administring the Oth of Alle- giance, and Reformacon of married > Women Recusantf. J VI. 6 6 1162

— An Acte for the punishinge and correctinge of Deceiptf and Fraudes comitted by Sorters Kembers and Spinsters of Wool and Weavers of Woollen Yarne. An Act for the punishing and correcting of Deceiptf and Fraudf comitted by 1 Sorters Kembers and Spinsters of Wooll f and Weavers of Woollen Yam. J VII. 7 7 1164

An Acte to enlarge the Acte of Parliament, made in the Second and third year of King Phillippe and Queene Marye, inti-tuleid An Act for the keepinge Milch Kyne, and for the breedinge and rearinge of Calves. An Act to inlarge an Act of Parliament 'j made in the second and third yeare of King Philip and Queen Mary entituled > An Act for the keeping Milch-Kyne I and the breeding and rearing of Calves. J VIII. 8 8 1165

* An Acte for the bringing of freshe Streemes of Water by Engine from Hackney Marsh to the Cittie of London, for the benefitt of the Kinges Colledge atChelsey. An Act for the bringing of fresh Streames 'j of Water by Engine from Hackney 1 Marsh to the Cittie of London for the j benefit of the Kings Colledge at Chelsey. J IX. 9 9 1165

— An Acte for Reformacion of Alehouse Keepers. An Act for reformac&n of Alehousekeepers. X. xo 10 1167

" An Acte to pVente the spoile of Corne and Graine, by untymely Hawkinge; and for the better p>servacion of Feasantf and Partridgf. An Act to prevent the spoile of Corne 'j and Graine by untymely Hawking, and j for the better preservac&n of Feasants r and Partridges. J XI. 11 11 1167

— — An Acte to avoide the double payment of Debts. An Act to avoyd the double payment of ) Debts. XII. 12 12 1169

An Acte for the explanacion of one Statute made in Second Session of this present Parliament, intituled An Acte against unlawful hunting and stealing of Deere and Conyes. An Act for yc explanation of one Statute 'j made in the Second Session of this / present Parlyam1, entituled An Act v against unlawful! hunting and stealing of j Deere and Conyes. XIII. *3 >3 1169

Gck

C l*v )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE oi DESCRIPTION or th» ACT. NUMBER Pack

AD. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of tht Original A« Parliamrm. of thia Volume.

On the Roll. Oh the Act.

Jac.1. '

1609-IO An. 7. [& 8.] continued. An Acte for the revivinge of parte of a former Acte made in the Fourth yeare of Kinge Edward thp Fowrth that noe Stranger or Alyen should buy any English Hornes unwrought, and that the Wardens of the Horners of the Cittie of London for the tyme beinge should have power to search all manner of Wares apperteyninge to their Misterye in London, and foure and twentye miles on every side of it. An Act for the revyving of part of a" former Act made in the Fourth yeare of King Edward the Fourth that no Stranger or Alien should buy any English Hornes unwrought, and that the Wardens of the Homers of the Cide of London for the tyme being should have power to search all maner of Wares apperteyning to their Misterie in London and sower and twentie myles on every side of yt. XIV. >4 >4 1170

— An Acte con&iinge some maner of Assignementf of Debts to his Majestie. An Acte conceminge some manner of") Assignem1* of Debtes to his Ma,ie. XV. «5 >5 1*7*

An Acte for the incouraginge of many poore People in Cumberland and Westmerland, and in the Townes and Parishes of Carptmeale Hawkeshead and Broughton in the Countie of Lancaster and to contynue their Trade of makinge Cogware Kendallf Carptmeales and course Cottons. An Act for the incouraging of many poore ’ People in Cumberland and Westmerland and in the Townes and Parishes of Carptmeale Haukshead 8c Broughton in the Countie of Lancaster, to continue their Trade of making Cogware Kendallf Carptmeales and course Cottons. XVI. 16 16 *7*

An Acte against buminge of Linge and Heath and other Moorburninge in the Counties of Yorke Durham Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland Lancaster Darbye Nottingham and Leicester at unseasonable tymes of the yeare. An Act against burning of Ling and "I Heath 8c other Moorburning in the 1 Counties of York Durham Northum- berland Cumberland Westmerland Lancaster Darby Nottingham and Leicester at unseasonable tymes of the yeare. J XVII. *7 >7 1172 j

An Acte for the takinge landinge and carryinge of Sea Sand for the bettringe of Grounds and for the increase of Come and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall. An Act for the taking landing and carrying 'j of Sea Sand for the bettering of Grounds and for thincrease of Come and Tillage I w,uin the Counties of Devon and [ Cornewall. XVIII. 18 18 1172

' t An Acte for the continuance and Reparacion of a newe buylte Weare uppon the River of Exe neere unto the Cittie of Exeter. An Acte for the contynuance and ~j Reparacion of a newe buylte Weare I uppon the River of Exe neere unto the r Cittie of Exeter. XIX. ay j private) 24 x,73

An Acte for the speedye Recoverye of manye thousand Acres of Marshe Groundes and other Grounds w^in the Counties of Norffolke and Suffolke latelye surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers parts of the said Counties ; and for the pvencion of the danger of the like surroundinge hereafter. An Act for the speedie Recovery of many thousand Acres of Marsh Groundes and other Groundes w,hin the Counties of Norffolk and Suffolk lately surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers parts of * the said Counties and for the prevencion of the Danger of the like surrounding hereafter. XX. I9 >9 1174

An Acte for the Confirmacion of Decrees hereafter to be made in the Exchequer Chamber and Dutchye Courte concninge Customarie or Coppyhold Lands and Tenementf. An Acte for Confirmac6n of Decrees hereafter to be made in the Excheq' Chamber 8c Dutchie Court concerning S Customarie or Coppyhold Landes 8c Tenementf. J XXI. 20 30 1180

— An Acte for the Confirmacion of the Subsidie graunted by the Clergie. An Acte for Confirmation of the Subsidie I granted by the Clergie. XXII. 31 31 1181

— An Acte for the Graunte of one entire Subsidye and one Fiftenth and Tenth graunted by the Temporaltie. An Acte for the Grant of one entires Subsidie and one Fiftenth and Tenth by V the Temporaltie. xxm. 33 32 1187

An Acte for the Kings most gracious geroall and free Pardon. An Acte for the Kinges Ma'f most gracious 1 generall and free Pardon. XXIV. *3 *3 1301

( lxvi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER. P»ot

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter u printed. On the Roll * Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. I. Oh thb Roll. On thb Act.

1609.]0. An. 7. [&8.] continued. t An Act for confirmation of severall Decrees made in the Courts of Exchequer Chamber and Dutchie Chamber betweene the Kings Majestie and divers Copiholders of his Majesties Mannor of Wakefeild in the Countye of Yorke. An Acte for Confirmation of severally Decrees made in the Courts of Exchequer I Chamber and Dutchy Chamber, betwene I the Kings Ma'le and divers Coppiholders r of his Ma'f Mannor of Wakefield in the 1 Countie of Yorke. J • Private I »S -

t An Acte for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Courte of Exchequer Chamber betweene the Kings Majestie and the Coppyholders of his Majesties Mannor of Edelmeton alias Edmonton in the County of Middlesex. Edmunton Maner. An Act for Confirmac&n of a Decree made in the Court of Exchequer Chamber between the Kings Ma"* and the Coppy " holders of his Ma'f Mannor of Edelmeton aif Edmonton in the County of Middlesex. • 3 26 -

t An Acte for the pfect creacion and confirmation of mine Coppihold Lands in the Honour Castle Mannor or Lordshippe of Clitherowe or in the severall Mannors or Lordshippf of Derby Accarington Colne and Ightenhill in the Countye of Lancaster. Clitherow. Accrington. Colne, Derby. ’ Ighttenhill. An Act for the perfect creac&n and confirmac&n of certaine Copyhold Landes in the Honor Castle Mannor or Lordship > of Clitherow or in the severall Mannors or Lordshipps of Derby Accarington Colne and Ightenhill in the County of Lancastre. J • 3 27 -

— — t An Acte for the assuring and establishing of the Isle of Man. An Acte for the Assuringe and establishinge \ of the Isle of Manne. ) • 4 28 -

t An Acte for the explanacion of a Provisoe or Branche of a Statute conteyned in an Acte of Parliament made in the yeeres of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Kinge James of England Fraunce and Ireland the Fourth, and of Scotland the Forteth intituled An Acte for the Establishment and Assuraunce of divers of the Possessions and Hereditamentf of Ferdinando late Earle of Derbye. An Acte for the Explanation of a Provisoe" or Braunche of a Statute contayned in Acte of Parliam' made in the yeres of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Kinge James, of England France and Ireland yc fourth and of Scotland the Fortieth, intituled An Act for y* establishment and Assuraunce of dyvers of the Possessions & Hereditam" of Ferdinando late Earle of Derbie. • 5 39 -

fAn Acte for the Assuraunce of ?taine Lands and Rent to the Bishoppe of Duresme and his Successors and of oaine other Lands to Robte Earle of Salisbury and his Heires. An Acte for thassurance of certaine Lands i and Rent to the Bushopp of Duresme f and his Successors and of certaine other \ Lands to Robert Earle of Salisbury and his Heires. J • 6 3° -

— — t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir Robert Karre Knight. An Act for the naturalizing of Sr Robert 1 Karr Knight. j 7 31 -

— t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Mistris Jane Drummond Gentlewoman of the Queenes Majesties Bedchamber. An Act for the naturalizing of Mrs. Jane 1 Drumond Gentlewoman of the Q. Ma'f 1 Bedchamber. ) * • 8 32 -

t An Acte for the Sale of the Mannor of Brettf and Farme of Plastowe in the Countye of Essex parcell of the Possessions of Henrye Earle of Oxonford towards the repurchasinge of the Castle Mannor and Parkes of Henningham in the same Countye being the auncient Inheritaunce and Cheif Mansion Howse of the Earles of Oxonford. An Act for the Sale of the Mannor of" Bretts & Ferme of Plastow in y* Countie of Essex, pcell of yc Possessions of Henry Earle of Oxonford towards y* repurchasing of y* Castle Mannor & Parkes of Henningham in y* same Countie, being the Auntient Inheritance & Cheif Mansion House of the Earles of Oxonforde. ► • 9 33 -

t iln Acte for the assuringe of the Ferme and Demesnes of Damerham and other Landes in Wiltsheire, accordbge to his Majesties Graunt and a former Graunte made by Kinge Edward the Sixte. An Acte for thassuringe of the Ferme and 'J Demesnes of Damerham and other Lands / in Wiltshire according to his Ma'f \ Graunt, and a former Graunt by Kinge J Edward the Sixte. * • 10 3+

( Ixvii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of Kino James I.

DATB. TITLE ob DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoc

A.D. It*. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of th. Chapter rnme4. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. of this Volume.

Jac. L Ow the Roll. Oh the Act.

1609.]0. An. 7. CM.] continued. t An Act for the foundacion of an Hospital a Grammar Schoole and maintenance of a Preacher in the Towne of Thetford for ever, according to the last Will and Testament of Richard Fullmarston Knight. An Act for the Foundation of an Hospitall, 'j a Gramer Schoole and maintenaunce of I a Preacher in the Towne of Thetford for > ever according to the last Will & Testa- 1 ment of Richard Fulmarston Knight. J • Private 11 35 —

tAn Act for the naturalizinge of John Murray John Levingston and John Auchmothy Groomes of his Majesties Bedchamber, and Richard Murray Warden of Manchester. An Act for the naturalizing of John Murray A John Levinston and John Auchmoutie, ( Groomes of his Ma'f Bedchamber, & f Richard Murray Warden of Manchester. J • 12 36 -

— t An Act for the naturalizing of Levinus Munke, one of y* Clarkf of his Majesties Signett. An Act for y' naturalizing of Levinus 1 Munk one of the Clerkf of his Ma'f > Signett. ) • »3 37 -

t An Acte for the confirminge and esta-blishinge of a Decree made in the High Courte of Chancerye for and on the behalf of nyne poore Children and Orphanes of Will*m Elrington and Edward Elrington against Edward Cage, Executor of the - - - - - and Testament of Rowland Elrington Brother of the said Edward and W - - - - Elrington, and Unkle of the said Children, and for the extendinge of the Landes and Goods of the said Edward Cage for the speedye execucion and pformaunce of the said Decree and the payment and satisfaction of the somes of Money thereby decreed to the said Children. An Act for the confirming & establishing' of a Decree made in the High Court of Chancery for and on the behalf of nyne poore Children and Orphanes of William Elrington and Edward Elrington against Edward Cage Executo' of the last Will & Testament of Rowland Elrington Brother of the said Edward and William Elrington and Uncle of the said Children and for the extending of the Lands & Goods of the sad Edward Cage for the speedy execution and pformance of the said Decree and the payment and satisfaction of the somes of Money thereby decreed to the said Children. • 14 38 -

t An Act for the naturalizinge of Robte Browne his Majesties Servant in Ordinarie. An Act for the naturalizing of Robert 1 Browne his Majesties Servant in > ordinary. J >5 39 —

t An Acte for confirmacion of &aine Fynes levyed by John Arrundell of Guarnack Esquire to John Arundell of Trerise Esquire deceased, and for setlinge of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Here-ditamentf comprised in the said Fynes upon John Arrundell Esquire and his Heires, sonne of the said John Arundell deceased. An Act for confirmac&n of certaine Fynes "| levied by John Arundell of Guarnack Esquier to John Arundell of Trerise Esq' deceased, and for setlinge of the Manno" 1 Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf comprised in yc said Fynes upon John Arundell Esq' and his Heyres sonn of the said John Arundell deceased. • 16 40 — 1

t An Acte to enable Edward Nevill Lord Bergavennye and Sir Henry Nevill Knighte his eldest sonne to alyen ctaine Lands for payment of their Debts and advauncement of their Daughters and younger sonnes : And for better Assurance of other Lands latelye purchased by the said Lord from his Majesde. An Acte to enable Edward Nevill Lord Bergevenney and Sr Henrie Nevill Knight his eldest sonne, to alien certeyn Lands for payment of their Debts, and advancement of their Daughters and yonger sonnes: and for better Assurance of other Landes lately purchased by the said Lorde from his Mau'. • •7 4« - j

- t An Acte for the Resdtucion in Blood of the Sonne and twoe Daughters of George Brooke late attainted of High Treason. An Act for the restituc&n in Bloud of the J Sonne and two Daughters of Georg > Brooke late attainted of High Treason, j 18 42 —

t An Acte for the disunitinge of the Parsonages of Ashe and Deane w^in the Countye of Southampton, being p'sen-tative and wu Cure of Soules. An Acte for the disunitinge of the Person- 'V ages of Ashe and Deane within the 1 County of Southampton being presen- I tative and with Cure of Soules. # >9 43 -

( lxviii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. N JMBER Pace

A D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. Of thii Volume.

Jac. L On thb Roll. On the Act.

1609.]0. An. 7. [& 8.] continued. t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Henry Gibb, Groome of the Bedchamber to the most Excellent Prince Henry Prince of Wales. An Act for the naturalizing of Henryk Gibb, Groom of the Bedchamber to the 1 most Excellent Prince Henry Prince of f Wales. J • Private 20 44

t An Acte for the Sale of parte of the Lands of William Essex of Lambome in the Countie of Bert Esquire for the payment of his Debts and setlinge the Residue uppon himself and his Posteritie. An Act for the Sale of the Lands ofj William Essex of Lamborn in the Countie of Berk Esq' for the payment of his Debts and setling the Residue upon himself and his Posteritie. J • 21 45

— — t An Act for the Relief of John Holdich Gen!, disinherited by the ext"ordinar;e amending of the Errors of a Fyne. An Acte for the Releife of John Holdich I Gen! disinherited by the extraordinary > amending of the Erro" of a Fyne. J * 22 46 -

t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir George Ramsey Knight, Equire of the most excellent Prince Henry, Walter Alexander, Gentleman Usher of the said Prince Henry, and John Sandilandis, Groome of the said Prince his Bedd-chamber. An Act for the naturalizing of S' George -. Ramsay K' Equire of the most excellent I Prince Henry, Walter Alexander, ( Gentleman Usher of the said Prince f Henry and John Sandilandis, Groome of 1 the said Prince his Beddchamb'. •' * 23 47 -

— t An Acte for the naturalizinge of Peter Vanloore of Fanchurch Streete London Merchant. An Act for the naturalizing of Peter 1 Vanloore of Fanchurch Street London > Marchant. J 24 48 - j

t An Acte for the securinge and confirm-inge of ctaine Landes and Tenementf heretofore graunted devised or conveyed to the Companies of Salters and Brewers of London. An Acte for the securinge and confirming of certaine Landes and Tenem'f heretofore granted or conveyed to the ? Companies of Salters and Brew" of London. J • 35 49

t An Acte for the unitinge and annexinge of the Parsonage and decayed Parishe of Froome Whitfeild in the Countie of Dorsett to the Parsonage and Parishe of the Holy Trinitie in Dorchester in the said Countie. An Act for the uniting & annexing of the "J Parsonage and decayed Pish of Frome Whitfeild in the Countie of Dors1 to the > Psonage and Parish of the Holie Trinitie in Dorchester in the saide Countie. J 26 5° -

' t An Acte for the contynuance and reparacion of a newe buylte Weare uppon the River of Exe neere unto the Cittie of Exeter. An Acte for the eontynuance and Repara-cion of a newe buylte Weare uppon the I River of Exe neere unto the Cittie of ( Exeter. J • 27 24 -

t An Acte to confirme and enable the ereccion and establishment of an Hospitall a Free Grammar Schoole and sundrye other godlye and charitable Actes and Uses donne and intended to be done and pformed by Thomas Sutton Esquire. An Act to confirm and enable the ereccon >. and establishment of an Hospitall, a free j Gramer School and sundry other Godly f and charitable Acts and Uses done & f intended to be done and pformed by I Thomas Sutton Esq'. ' • 28 5« -

t An Acte for the makinge void of certaine Conveyances and the Estates lymited thereby unduly gotten from Sir Henry Crispe Knight, whereby he is defrauded of the inheritance of divers Mannors Lands Tenementf and Here-ditamentf lying in the Countie of Kent, and for the establishinge of the Inheritance of the same in the said Sir Henry Crispe and his Heires. An Act for the making voyd of certain ’ Conveyances and the Estates limited thereby, unduly gotten from S' Henry Crispe Knight whereby he is defrauded of the Inheritance of divers Mano" Lands Tenementf & Hereditamf lying in the Countie of Kent, and for the establishing of the Inheritance of the same in the said S' Henry Crispe and his Heyres. 28 > Dupl. ) 52 -

( lxix )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER L l* for.

AD. R«i;n. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. i On the Roll • in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. 01 thi. Volume.

JlC. I. Oh the Roll. Oh thr Act.

1609-IO. An. 7. continued. t An Acte for the enabling of the Assurance of ctaine Landes conveyed for the Porcions of three of the Daughters of John Wentworth Esquire, and for the confirmacion of ?taine other Estates for Life in other Lands, and to enable Sir John Wentworth Knight to sell Ctaine Lands for the payment of his Debts. An Act for the inabling of the Assurance of certain Lands conveyed for the PorfSns of three of the Daughters of John Wentworth Esq', and for the Con-firmaeftn of certain other Estates for lyfe in other Lands, and to inable S' John Wentworth K' to sell certain Lands for the payment of his Debts. • 29 53

t An Acte for the enabling of Reginald Rous of Badingham in the Countie of Suff Gen! to make sale of the third part of the Mannor of Badingham Hall w'h the Appurtenancf and of the third part of c?taine other Lands and Tenementf, with the Appurtenancf in Badingham, Tymington and Little Glemham in the said Countie of Suffolk, to Reginald Rous of the Inner Temple London Esquire, Nephew to the said Reginald Rous of Badingham. An Act for the enabling of Reginald Rous 1 of Baddingh*m in the Countie of Suffolk Gent to make Sale of the third part of the Mano1 of Badingham Hall wth the appurten'ncf and of the third part of c?taine other Lands and Tenem'f w'" thappurtenances in Badingham, Tymyng-ton and Litle Glemham in the said Countie of Suff, to Reginald Rous of the Inner Temple London Esq' Nephewe to the said Reginald Rous of Badingham.. • 3° 54 —

+ An Acte for the naturalizing of Edward Palmer and Henry Palmer, Sonnes of William Palmer of Vlishing and of Michael Boyle the Sonne of James Boyle Citizen and Mercer of London. IT .Q aji 0} obnirtl Ti’i.n>V An Act for y* naturalizing of Edward 'J Palmer and Henry Palmer, sonnes of 1 William Palmer of Vlisning and of > Michaell Boyle the sonn of James Boyle I Citizen and Mercer of London. J • 31 55 —

An Act for the enabling of Charles Walde-grave Esquire to make Sale of ctaine Lands for the payment of his Debts, and the advauncement of his younger Sonnes & Daughters. Walgrave. An Act for the enabling of Charles Walde-grave Esquire to make Sale of certaiue , Landes for the payment of his Debts and the advauncement of his yonget Sonnes & Daughters. • 3* 56

An Act for the naturalizing of Richard Bladwell John Bladwell and Robert Bladwell, the Sonnes of John Bladwell and Englishmen; Georg Hasden and John Hasden, the Sonnes, and Martyn Hasden, the Wife of John Hasden an Englishmen, Elizabeth Cradock and Anne Cradock the daughters of William Cradock an Englishmen, Jane alias Janekyn Carstens, and Elizabeth Van Buechton. An Act for the naturalizing of Richard Bladwell John Bladwell and Robert Bladwell the sonnes of John Bladwell an Englishmen George Hasden and John Hasden the sonnes of Marten Hasden the Wife of John Hasden an Englishmen, Elizabeth Cradock and Ann Cradock, the Daughters of William Cradock an Englishmen, Jane ats Janekin Carstens and Elizabeth Van Buechton. . • 33 57

An Act for the Confirmacion of the Sale and Conveyance of divers Mannors Lordshippes Litities and other Heredita-mentf late Henry Jemegans Esquire, made by Sir Thomas Hime Knight, Christopher Hirne Gentleman, and Clement Hime Esquire, unto Sir John Heveningham Knight, and DameBridgett his Wife. An Act for the Confirmacbn of the Sale* and Conveyance of divers Mano" Lordshippes Libties and other Hereditamentf late Henrie Jernigans Esquier made by S' Thomas Hirne K' Christopher Hirne Gen! and Clem1 Hime Esqr unto S' Jo" Heveningh"m K' and Dame Bridgett his Wife. • 34 58 —

— — An Act for the naturalizing of John Mounsey. An Acte for the naturalizing of John J Mounsy. J 35 59 —

An Act for the naturalizing of Johannekyn alias Joane Greenesmith Daughter of Mathewe Greenesmith, Citizen and Grocer of London. An Act for the naturalizing of Johannekin'v atf Joane Greensmith, daughter of ( Matthew Greensmith Cittizen & Grocer I of London. J ► • 36 60 -|

( Ixx )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE o« DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoe

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter as printed. On the RoU in Chancery Of the Original Af Parliament of this Volume.

1609-IO Jac. I. An. 7. continued. Oh the Roll An Act for confirmacion of three seav^ll Writings indented purporting and setring forth the Revocacions of Three seVall Convey'uncf or Assurancf made by Sir Robert Drury Knight unto divers psons upon naturall consideracions only. Oh the Act. An Act for Confirmaf&n of three severall ’ Wrytingf indented, purporting and setting forth the Revocacbns of three severall Conveyances or Assurances made by Sr Robert Drury Knight unto divers persons upon naturall Considera-c6ns onely. • 37 6l -

— — An Act for the naturalizing of Margarett Clark, Wife of Robert Clark Gentleman. An Act for the naturalizing of Margaret 1 Clark, Wyfe of Robert Clark Gentle- j man. J • 38 6a "

An Act for the amending of a Writt of Entrie whereupon a comon Recoverie was had of y‘ Inheritance of Sir John Byron Knight, w^in the County Palatine of Lancaster. An Act for the amending of a Writt of "1 Entry whereupon a Comon Recovery was had of the Inheritance of S' John Biron K* within the Countie Palatyne of Lancaster. J • 39 63

An Act for the naturalizing of the Right Resend Father in God George Mont-gonty Lord Bishop of Derry in Ireland, Sir James Fullarton and Sir Hugh Mont-gomy Knight, and Hugh and James MontgotSy Children of the said Sir Hugh Montgomy. An Act for naturalizing the Reverend" Father in God George Montgomery Lo. Bishop of Derry in Ireland, S' James Fullarton and S' Hugh Montgomery Knightf and Hugh and James Montgomery, Children of the said S' Hugh Montgomerye. • 40 64 -

1 t An Acte for the naturalizing of Marrinus Schonerus ordinarie Phisician to the Queenes Majestie, Dorothy Seelkyn and Engella Seelkyn twoe Maidf of the Queenes Majesties Bedchamber, Kathe. ryne Benneken §vant to the Queenes Majestie ; John Wolfang Rumbler, Apo-thecarie in ordinarie to the King and Queens Majestie, and Anna de Lobell ats Wolfang Rumbler his wife. An Act for the naturalizing of Marrinus ’ Schonerus, ordinarie Phisitio to the Q. Ma'" Dorothee Seelken and Engella Seelken two Maides of the Queenes Majesties Bedchamber, Katherine Benneken servant to the Queenes Ma'1', John Wolfang Rumbler, Apothecarie in Ordinarie to the King and Queenes Ma’" and Anna de Lobell als Wolfang Rumbler his Wife. • 4* 65 -

t An Acte to make one Writing indented bearing date the nynth day or March in the first yere of his Majesties Raigne of England, made by Christopher Smith Esquire, and Millicent Smith his Sonne and Heire Apparent, purporting a Revo-cacion of the Uses and Estates of the Manor of Water Newton in the Countie of Huntingdon, and of divers Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in the said Writing of Revocacion mentioned, to have the full force and power of a pfect Deede of Revocacion, according to the Purport of the said Writing, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Parties thereunto, whereby the said Millicent Smith may be enabled to make sales for the payment of his Debts. An Act to make one Writing indented ‘ bearing date the ninth day of March in the first yeare of his Ma'f Raigne of England made by Christofer Smithe Esq' and Millicent Smithe his sonn and heyre Apparent purporting a Revocation of the Uses and Estates of the Mano' of Water Newton in the County of Huntington and of divers Lands Tenem'f and Hereditamentf in the said Writing of Revocacon menc&ned, to have the full force and power of a perfect Deed of Revocac&n according to the purport of the said writing, and according to the true intent and meaning of the parties thereunto, wherby the said Millicent Smyth may be enabled to make Sales for the payin' of his Debts. • 42 66

( lxxi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION or th* ACT. NUMBER Page

AD. *«tn- IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original AH in Parliament. of thia Volume.

1623-24- Jac. I. An. 21. [8c 22.] On the Roll. An Act for the erecting of Hospitallf and Working Howses for the Poore. On th* Act. An Acte for the revyving and making perpetuall of one Acte made in the nyne and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for erecting of Hospitallf and abiding and working Howses for the Poore. I. I 1 1209

— An Act for the generall quiett of the Subject against all ptences of Concealementf. An Act for the geniall quiett of the Subject ) against all pkencf of Concealementf / whatsoever. J II. 2 2 I2IO

— An Act concerning Monopolies and Dispensations with penall Lawes and the Forfeyture thereof. An Act concerning Monopolyes and Dis- pensacons w"1 Penall Lawes and the > Forfeitures thereof. ) . III. 3 3 1212

— An Act for the ease of the Subject concerning the Informations upon penall Statutf. An Act for the ease of the Subject 1 concerning Informac&ns uppon Penall ✓ Statutf. ) . IV. 4 4 1214

\ ' " " " An Acte y‘ Shreifff having a Quietus est shalbe absolutly dischardgd of theire Accomptf. An Act that Sherifff their Heires Executo" "j and Administrate" having a Quietus est, 1 shalbe absolutely discharged of their Accomptf. } V. 5 s 1215

— — An Acte concerning Women convicted of smale Felonies. An Act concerning Women convicted of ) small Fellonies. j VL 6 6 1216

— An Acte for repressing of Drunckenesse. An Act for the better repressing of 'i Drunckennes and restrayning the in- I ordinate haunting of Innes Alehowses ( and other victualing Howses. J - VII. 7 7 I2l6

An Acte to pVent and punishe the Abuses in pcuring Pcesse and Supsedias of the Peace 8c Writtf of cciorare. An Act to prevent and punishe the Abuses ' in procuring processe and Supsedeas of the Peace and good behavior of his Ma*f Cortf at Westm, and to prevent the abuses in procuring writtf of Certiorari out of the said Co'tf for the removing of Indictmlf found before Justicf of the Peace in theire genlall Sessions. VIII. 8 8 1217

An Act for the free Trade of Welch Clothes. An Act for the free trade and traffique of "1 Welsh Cloathes Cottons Frizes Lyningf 1 and Playnes in and through the King- > dome of England and Dominion of 1 Wales. J IX. 9 9 I2l8

An Acte of Repeale of one Braunch of a Statute made in the xxxiiijUl yere of King Henry the Eight. An Act of Repeale of One Branch of the ' Statute made in the Session of Parliam' holden by prorogation at Westm the two and twentieth day of January in the sower and thirtieth yeare in the raigne of King Henry the Eight, intituled An Act for certayne Ordynances in the Kings Ma1*1 Dominion and Principallitie of Wales. X. 10 10 1219

An Acte for Confirmation of a Judgment geven against Henry Heron. An Act for Confirmacon of a Judgement "j given for his Ma’1' in a Scire fac against Henry Heron and for declaration of the ^ Letters Patentf therein mentioned to be voide. J XI. 11 11 1219

An Acte for ease in Pleading against troublesom and contencious Suits. An Act to enlarge and make perpetuall the" Act made for ease in pleadinge against troblesome and contentious suites prosecuted against Justices of the Peace Maiors Constables and certeine others of his Ma*'" Officers for the lawfull execucion of theire Offices made in the Seaventh yeare of his Ma"" most happy Raigne. XII. 21 12 1220

Dig

( lxxii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

* DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER. Page

A D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Original Act Parliament. cf this Volume.

Jac. I. Oh the Roll. On the Act.

1623-24. An. 21. [& 22.] continued. An Acte for the further Reformacon of Jeofayles. An Act for the further Reformac&n of 1 Jeofayles. J XIII. *3 »3 1221

An Acte to admytt the Subject to plead the Generali Yssue in InformaC&ns of Intrusion. An Act to admitt the Subject to pleade the "j Gereall Issue in Informad&ns of Intrusions 1 brought on the behalf of the Kings > Ma"' and to reteyne his possession till Tryall. J XIV. >4 14 1221

— — An Acte to enable Judgf & Justicf of the Peace to geve Restituc&n of Possession in certayne cases. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to "I give Restitucon of Possession in certaine > cases. J XV. l5 '5 1222

— An Acte for Lymyta&n of Acc&ns and for avoyding of Suits in Lawe. An Act for Limittac&n of Acc&ns and for J avoyding of Suites in Lawe. J XVI. 16 16 1222

— An Acte against Usury. An Act against Usury. XVII. «7 *7 1223

An Acte for contynuance of a Statute made for the making of Wollen Clothes. An Act for continuance of a former Statute' made in the Fourth yeare of the Kings Ma*f Raigne of England, &c. intituled > An Act for the true makinge of Woollen Cloathes and for some Addic&ns and Altera<K>ns in and to the same. XVIII. 18 18 1224

An Acte for the Discripc&n of a Banckrupt and Releife of Credytors. An Act for the further descripc&n of a 1 Bankrupt and releife of Creditors against such as shall become Bankruptf, and for ^ inflicting corporall Punishm* uppon the j Bankruptf in some speciall cases. J XIX. •9 19 1227

— An Acte against swearing and cursing. An Act to prevent and reforme prophane 1 swearing and cursing. J XX. 20 20 1229

— An Acte concerning Hostlers or Inholders. An Act concerninge Hostlers or Innholders. XXI. 21 21 I23O

An Acte concerning the Traders of Butter and Cheese. An Act for explanation of the Statutf "j made in the Third Fourth and Fifth yeares of Kinge Edward the Sixt ^ concerninge the Traders of Butter and Cheese. j xxn. 22 22 I23I

— An Acte for avoyding of Vexad&ns and Delayes caused by removing Acc&ns & Suits out of Inferiour Courts. An Act for avoydinge of vexatious delayes "1 caused by removinge Actions and Suits > out of Inferior Courts. J XXIII. *3 «3 I232

— — An Acte for the Releife of Creditors agaynste such psons as dye in Execuc&n. An Act for Releife of Credito" against such 1 psons as dye in Execuc&n. J XXIV. 24 24 I233

An Acte for the Releife of Patentees Tenauntf & Farmore of Crowne Lands in cases of Forfeyture. An Act for the Releife of Patentees Ten*ntf and Farmo" of Crowne Lands and Duchie Lands or of Lands w,hin the Survey of the Co'te of Wards and Liveries in cases of Forfeiture for not payem1 of theire Rents or other Service or Duetie. XXV. 25 a5 "33

An Acte against such as shall levye any Fyne or suffer any Recovery in the Name of any other pson not being pryvye thereto. An Act against such as shall levy any Fyne, suffer any Recovie, knowledge any Statute Recognizance Bayle or Judgem* in the name of any other pson or psons not being privy and consenting thereto. . XXVI. 26 26 >234

( Ixxiii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE 01 DESCRIPTION 0* th* ACT. Nl JMBEI I Pant

AD. Rmgn. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll Chancery. Of the Orifinal Act Parliament. of thin Volume.

On the Roll. On th* Act.

Jac.I. =

1613-24- An. 21. [& 22.] continued. A11 Acte to pvent the murthering of Bastard Children. An Act to pvent the destroying and 1 murthering of Bastard Children. J XXVII. 27 27 >234

— An Acte for the contynewing and revyving of divers Statutf and Repeale of dyvers others. An Act for continuing and reviving of] divers Statutes and repeale of divers > others. J XXVIII. 28 28 ,335

— An Acte to enable Prince Charles to make Leases of Lands pcell of the Duchie of Comewall. An Act to enable the most Excellent Prince 'I Charles to make Leases of Landes parcell I of his Highnes Duchie of Comewall or f annexed to the same. J XXIX. 29 29 1240

An Acte for the assuring of a Messuag called Yorke Howse & other Tents to the Kinge and for other Lands to the Archbysshopp of Yorke in leiwe thereof. An Acte for the assuring of a Messuage' called Yorke House and of diverse other MessuagC and Tenemf pte of the Possessions of the Archbushop of Yorke, scituate in the Pish of S' Martins in the Fieldf in the Countie of Midd unto the Kings most Excellent Made his Heires Successors and Assignes, and of the ? Manno" or Lopp* of Brighton Santon Acombe ais Acom w*" Holgate and the Graunge called Beckhay Graunge in the Countie of Yorke or in the Countie of the Citty of Yorke parte of his Mades Possessions to Toby Lord Archbushopp of Yorke and his Successo". J XXX. 3° 30 1241

An Acte for the good Order and Gover-ment of the Makers of Knyves and other Cutlery Ware. An Act for the good Order and Goverment ] of the Makers of Knives Sithes and Sissers, and other Cutlery Wares in > Hallamshire in the Countie of Yorke and the ptf neare adjoyning. J XXXI. 3» 3« 1242

An Acte for making of the Ryver of Thames navygable from Byrcott to Oxford. An Acte for making the River of Thames "J navigable for Barges Boates and Lighters 1 from the Village 01 Bercott in the County } of Oxon unto the University and Citty of Oxon. J XXXII. 33 3* 1245

— An Act for payment of Three Subsidies and Three Fyftenes by the Temporally. An Act for the Gr'unte of three intire] Subsidies and three Fiffteenes and Tenthes > granted by the Temporalty. J • XXXIII. 33 34 1247

— An Acte for Confirmation of sower Subsidies graunted by the Clergye. [An Act for Confirmacon of the Subsidie 1 of y' Clergie.—Calendar.] J XXXIV. 34 { 33 I milting J 1263

— — An Acte for the Kings free and generall Pardon. An Act for the Kings Ma,lM most gracious 1 geitall and free Pardon. J XXXV. 35 35 1269

— — t An Acte for the Confirmacion of Wadham College in Oxford and the Possessions thereof. An Act for the Confirmac&n of Wadham 1 Colledge in Oxford and the Possessions / therof. ) • Prieate 1 36 —

— — t An Acte for the naturalizing of Philipp Burlemacchi of London Marchant. An Act for the naturalizing of Phillipp 1 Burlamachi of London Merchant. J • 2 37 —

t An Acte for the naturalizing of Giles Vandeputt of London Marchant. An Act for the naturalizing of Gyles 1 Vandeputt of London Merchant. J • 3 3« -

Chkonological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE on DESCRIPTION o» ru ACT. N UMBER Paos

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Aa Parliament. Of th , Volume.

Oh thb Roll. Oh thb Act.

Jac. I.

1623-34. An. 31. [&33] continued. t An Acte to enable William Earle of Hertf and Sir Frauncis Seymour Knight, Brother of the said Earle to convey certaine Lands for payment of his Debts and for establishing of other Lands in lieu thereof and of better value. Comes Hertford. Fra. Seymor. An Act to enable William Earle of Hertford and S' Francf Seymor Knight Brother of the said Earle, to convey certeine Lands for payem* of his Debts and for establishing of other Lands in leiwe therof and of better value. • Private. 4 39 -

t An Acte for the naturalizing Sir Robert Anstrother Knight one of the Gentlemen of His Majesties Privie Chamber Sir George Abercromy Knight late Gentleman of the Robes to the late Queene Anne of worthy Memory and John Cragge Doctor of Phisick, Phisicion to the high and mighty Prince Charles your Majesties deerest Sonne. An Acte for the naturalizeng of S' Robert" Anstrother Kn1 One of the Gentlemen of his Ma'f Privie Chamber S' George Abercromye Kn1 late Gentleman of the Robes to the late Queene Ann of worthy memorie, and John Craige Doctor of Phisicke Phisicbn to the highe and mightie Prince Charles, your Ma'f deerest sonne. • 5 40

t An Acte for Confirmacion of the Coppy-hold Estates and Customes of divers Coppiholders of the Mannors of Stepney and Hackney according to certaine Indentures of Agreement, and a Decree in the High Court of Chauncery made betweene the Lord of the said Mannor and the Coppyholders. [An Act to confirme the Coppyhold Estatef ' and Customes of divers Coppiholders of Stepney and Hackney, according to a I Decree in Chancery made betweene the Lord of the Manno' and the Coppy-hold".—Calendar.3 • i [4i 1 M Cot.] S. miuing J -

t An Acte for confirmacion of certayne Lands sold by Sir Thomas Beamond Knight and Baronett Lord Viscount Beamond of Swoordf in the Kingdomc of Ireland, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, unto Sir Thomas Cheeke Knight. An Act for Confirmac&n of the assurance 1 of certaine Lands sold by S' Thomas Beamond Kn' & Baronett Lord Viscount I Beamond of Swords in the Kingdome of f Ireland and Dame Elizabeth hig Wife, unto S' Thomas Cheeke Kn‘. J • 7 -

— — t An Acte for erecting a Free Schoole an Almeshouse and a House of Correccion within the Countie of Lincolne. An Act for erecting a Free Schoole an "I Almeshowse & Howse of Correcc&n > w""in the County of Lincolne. J • 8 43 —

— — t An Acte to enable Martin Calthorpe Esquire to make sale of certaine Lands for pferment of his younger Children and payment of his Debts. An Acte to enable Martin Calthi pe j Esquier to make sale of certeine Lanaes 1 for p'eferm* of his younger Children and J payin' of his Debtes. J • 9 44 -

— — fAn Acte for the settling and assuring of the Mannor of Goodneston, and other Lands of Sir Edward Engham Knight. An Act for the setlinge and assuringe of"} the Mannor of Goodneston and other > Lands of S' Edward Engeham Knight. J • 10 45 -

— — f An Act for the naturalizing of Elizabeth Veere and Mary Veere, Daughters of Sir Horace Veere Knight. An Act for the naturalizinge of Elizabeth "I Vere, and Mary Vere, Dawghters of Sir > Horace Vere Knight. J • 11 73

t An Acte to enable Dame Alice Dudley Wife of Sir Robert Dudley Knight to assure her Estate in the Mannor of Killingworth and other Lands in the Countie of Warwick for valuable Consideradon to the Princes Highnes and his Heires. An Acte to inhable Dame Alice Dudley" Wyfe of Sir Robert Dudley Kn* to assure her Estate in the Mannor of Killingworth and other Lands in the County of Warwicke for valuable considerac&n to the Prince his Highnes and his Heyres. • 13 46 -

* to Aoe for Confirm rfLadf betwwne t Prince Chula and bfbindBarcnen.

tAo Acte for the lellmRo ad Laadf of the Amitooy Vacount Mi the Payment of hs De his Daughters Porcions

— ttotott to enable Sir Light to tell (fivers M fir the Partnent of pferar of hii young

- t Aa Acte for the Co Decree in Channcerrmi of the Lord of the Mar in the Counde of iiaouuiy Teoantf of ti

- 11 Aa Acte for the nat Francs Storm Knifh Jans Marewell Wil Juts Leringston Etqn

- t Aa Acte for the nan Toonge Doctor of Dh of the CathedraU Chare

- 11 An Acte to enable at Coneyance and Aaun Manor of Litle Mund of Hertford by Sir Light Sir Charles 0 Dane Anne h» Wi Woodhall Esquire and to esabiafa the said Mr aid Edmond Woodhal according to the aid G

- t Aa Acte for the nan Money Widdove and Esquire.

- *Ai Acte to enable Vmcei a the Counoe of Dert I pan of his Landes for hfoDebtf.

' Aa Acte to enable ‘ Eaqnire to nell certain

Kof ImDebcf ger Children.

" ^ An Acte for natunliiii Carte Knight.

Origirval from

( lxxv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION or th« ACT. NUMBER Paoc

A.D. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. or th« Chapter printed. Ob th« Roll in Chanctry. Of the Original Act In Parliament. ofthia Volume.

Ok tki Roll. Ok thr Act.

Jac. L =^= = Private. *3

1623.]4- An. 21. [& 22.] continued. t An Acte for Confirmacion of an Exchange of Lands betweene the most Excellent Prince Charles and Sir Lewis Watson Knight and Baronett. An Acte for ConfirmacSn of an Exchaunge A of Lands betweene the most Excellent ( Prince Charles and Sir Lewes Watson ( Knight and Baronett. J • 47 —

t An Acte for the gelling of certaine Mannors and Lands of the Right Honorable Anthony Viscount Mountagu towards the Payment of his Debts and raising of his Daughters Porcions. An Acte for settlinge of certaine Mannors *| and Landes of the Right Honorable 1 Anthony Viscounte Mountague towardes > the Payment of his Debts and rayseinge of his Daughters Porcons. J • 14 48

1 " t An Acte to enable Sir Richard Lumley Knight to sell divers Mannors and Lands for the Payment of his Debts and pferment of his younger Children. An Acte to enable Sir Richard Lumley A Knight to sell divers Manno" and Lands ( for the payment of his Debces and f preferment of his younger Children. J • *5 49 -

+ An Acte for the Confirmacion of a Decree in Chauncery made by the consent of the Lord of the Mannor of Painswick in the Countie of Glou£, and the customary Tenantf of the same Mannor. An Acte for the ConfirmacSn of a Decree "1 in Chauncery made by the consent of the 1 Lord of the Mannor of Painswicke in j> the County of Giou£, and the customary I Ten*ntf of the same Manno'. J * 16 5°

— t An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir Francis Stewart Knight Walter Stewart James Maxewell William Carre and James Levingston Esquires. An Acte for the naturalizing of S' Francis'! Stewart Knight Walter Stewart James I Maxwell William Carr and James Levingston Esq". J • >7 Si -

— — t An Acte for the naturalizing of John Younge Doctor of Divinitie and Deane of the Cathedrall Church of Winchester. An Act for the naturalizing of John 'J Yonge Docto’ of Divinitie Deane of the > Cathedrall Churche of Winchester. J * 18 5* -

, t An Acte to enable and make good a Conveyance and Assurance made of the Mannor of Litle Munden in the Countie of Hertford by Sir Peter Vanloore Knight Sir Charles Cesar Knight, and Dame Anne his Wife to Edmund Woodhall Esquire and his Heires, and to establish the said Mannor uppon the said Edmund Woodhall and his Heires according to the said Conveyance. An Act to enable & make good a Convey-' ance & Assurance made of the Manno’ of Litle Munden in y' Countie of Hertford by S’ Peter Vanlore Kn* S' Charles Cesar K' & Dame Ann his Wife I to Edmund Woodhall Esq' and his Heires, and to establish the said Manno' upon the said Edmund Woodhall and his Heires, according to the said Conveyance. • i9 54 —

— — t An Acte for the naturalizing of Jane Murrey Widdowe and William Murrey Esquire. An Act for the naturalizing of Jane Murrey ' Widdow and William Murrey Esq,. J • 20 S3 —

— — t An Acte to enable Vincent Lowe of Derbie in the Countie of Derby Esquire to sell part of his Landes for the payment of his Debts. An Acte to enable Vincent Lowe of DerbyeY in the County of Derbie Esq to sell parte I of his Landes for the Payment of his Debts. J • 21 55 —

— t An Acte to enable Tobie Pallavicine Esquire to sell certaine Lands for the payment of his Debts and {^ferment of his younger Children. An Acte to enable Toby Palavicini Esquire ] to sell certeine Lands for payment of (, his Debts and preferment of his Wief and yonger Children. ) • 22 56

— — t An Acte for naturalizing of Sir Robert Carre Knight. An Act for naturalizinge S’ Robert Carr ' Knight. ]’ * 23 57

lxxvi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King James I.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoc

A.D. Reign. IN CHANCERY. IN PALIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the RUI in Chancery. Of ih« )riginrl Afi ’arlument. of this Volume.

1623-24. Jac.I. An. 21. [& 22.] continued. Ok the Roll. t An Acte for the confirming and assuring of the Mannor of Newlangport and Sevans alias Sephans with their Appur-ten'nces and divers other Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in the Countie of Kent, late being the Inheritance of Sir Henry James Knight in a Premunire convicted, unto Martin Lumley, now the Mayor of the Citie of London, Alice Woodroofe Widdowe, and Edward Cropley and their Heires and Assignes for ever. Oh the Act. An Act for the confirmeing and assuring "| of the Manno's of Newelangporte and Sevans als Sephans wth theire Appurte-nancf and divers other Lands Tenem’f and Hereditam'f in the Countie of Kente, late being the Inheritance of Sr Henry ► James Knighte in a Premunire convicted, unto Martyn Lomley nowe the Maio' of the Cittie of London, Alice Woodroffe Widowe and Edward Cropley and theire Heires and Assignes for ever. • Private. 24 58 -

— t An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir Stephen Leisure Knight. An Acte for the naturalizing of Stephen I Leisieur Kn’. J • a5 59 -

— — t An Acte for the naturalizing of James Marques of Hamilton. An Acte for the naturalizing of James ) Marquesse of Hamilton. f • 26 60 -

t An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir William Anstrother Knight Doctor Bellcanquall and Partricke Abercromy. An Act for the naturalizing of S' William 'J Anstrother Knight Walter Balcanquall ( Doctor of Divinity and Patricke Aber- f cromy. J • V 61 -

i An Acte for confirming the Sale of certaine Land sold by Sir Edward Heron Knight unto Bevell Moulesworth Esquire and enabling the said Sir Edward Heron to make Sale of other Landes for payment of Debts and setlinge of certaine Mannors Salt Marshes and other Lands uppon Robert Heron and Edward Heron in recompence of the same. An Act for confirminge the Sale of certayne" Lands sould by S' Edward Heron Knight unto Bevell Molesworth Esquier and enablinge the said S' Edward Heron to make Sale of other Lands for payem1 of Debts and setlinge of certaine Mannors f Salt Marshes and other Lands upon Robert Heron and Edward Heron sonnes of the saide S' Edward Heron Knight in recompence of the same. J • 28 62 -!

t An Acte for the naturalizing of Abigail Litle wife of Jeoffrey Little and of William Little, sonne of the said Abigail by the said Jeoffrey Little her Husband. An Act for the naturalizing of Abigail') Litle Wife of Jeffery Litle and of William ( Litle sonne of the said Abigail by the said Jeffery Litle her Husband. J 29 63 -

t An Acte for establishing of some Mannors and other Landes in the severall Counties of Cornewall Devon and Dorsett, on John Mohun Esquire, sonne and Heire Apparant of Sir Reynold Mohun Knight and Baronett according to the true intent and meaning of certaine Agreementf betweene them had and made. An Act for establishing of some Mannors* and other Lands in the sevall Countyes of Cornewall Devon and Dors' uppon John Mohun Esq' sonne and heire apparent of S' Reynold Mohun Knight and Barronett according to the true intent and meaning of certeine Agreem’f betweene them had and made. • 3° 64 -

t An Acte for the enabling of the Sale of the Mannor of Rampton in the Countie of Cambridge and of divers Landes and Tenementf in Rampton Wivellingham and Cottingham in the same Countie, now or late the Freehold or Inheritance of Edwarde Alcocke Esquire. An Acte for enablinge of the Sale of the' Manor of Rampton in the Countie of Cambridge and of diverse Lands and Tenements in Rampton, Wivellingham and Cottenham in the same Countie now or late the Freehold or Inheritance of Edwarde Alcocke Esquier. • 3* 65 1

t An Acte of F.xplanacion of a former Acte made in the three and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene of famous Memory Elizabeth intituled An Acte for assurance of the yeerelie Rent of Eighty two pounds and tenne Shillingf to the Bishopp of Coventry and Lichfield and his Successors for ever out of certaine Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf thereby assured to Edward Fissher Esquire and his Heires. An Act of ExplanacSn of a former Act' made in the three and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene of famous Memory Elizabeth entitled An Act for assurance of the yearly Rent of sower score Twoe pounds and term Shillingf to the Bishopp of Coventry and Leich-feild and his successors for ever, out of certeine Manno" Lands Tenem'f and Hereditam'f thereby assured, to Edward Fisher Esq' and his Heires. • J 3» 66

N)y Gck *gle

( Ixxvii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the I trig n of King James 1.

DATE. TITLE ob DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Pact

AD. IN CHANCERY. IN PARLIAMENT. Of the Chapter printed. On the Roll [^hamery. Of the Original Act 1’irliameol. of thia Volume.

On the Roll. On the Act. ii

Jac. 1. ——

i6»3-J4- An. si. [& 22.] continued. t An Acte for the establishing of three Lectures in Divinitie according to the last Will and Testament of Thomas Whetenhall Esquire. An Act for the establishinge of three ] Lectures in Divinitie according to the ! last Will and Testament of Thomas Whetenhall Esquire. J • Prmate. 33 67

t An Acte for the repairing and maynteining of the Haven River and Channell running unto the Borough and Towne of Colchester in the Countie of Essex, and also for the paving of the said Towne. An Act for the repayringe & mainteyninge of the Haven River and Channell runing unto the Borowgh and Towne of Col- > Chester in the Countie of Essex, and alsoe for the paveing of the said Towne. J 1 I i ! 3+ 68 11 1 1

t An Acte to enable Sir Francis Clerke Knight to make Sale of certaine Lands Tenementf and Hereditam'f for the Payment of his Debts and pviding of Porcions for his younger Children. An Act to enable Sir Frauncis Clerke ] Knight to make Sale of certaine Lands j Tennements and Hereditaments for the ^ Payment of his Debts and providing of I Portions for his younger Children. J 35 69 I

t An Acte for the altering of the tenure and custome of the Lands late of Thomas Potter Esquire and the Lands of Sir George Rivers Knight and Sir John Rivers Baronett lying all in the Countie of Kent and being now of the Nature of Gavelkinde and to make them descendable according to the course of the Comon Lawe, and to settle the Inheritance of them uppon the said Sir John Rivers and the Heires of the said Sir John Rivers and Dame Dorothie his Wife. An Act for the altering of the tenure and ' Custome of the Lands late of Thomas Potter Esq, and the Lands of S' George Rivers Knight and Sir John Rivers Baronett lying all in the county of Kent and being now of the Nature of Gavelkind and to make them discardable according to the Comon Lawe and to settle thenheritance of them upon the said S' John Rivers and the Heires of the said Sir John Rivers and Dame Dorothy his Wife. • 3« 70 |l ! 1

— — t An Acte to make the Lands of Lionell Earle of Middesex subject to the payment of his Debts, &c. An Act to make the Lands of Lyonell] Earle of Middlesex subject to the pay- > ment of his Debts, &c. J • 37 71 -

t An Acte for the Sale of the Mannor of Abbottf Hall in the Countie of Essex late parte of the Possessions of Sir James Pointz Knight deceased to the intent that the monie raised thereby may be distributed among the Creditors of the said Sir James Pointz according to the direc-cion and intencion of the said Sir James Pointz by his last Will and Testament. An Act for the sale of the Mannor of" Abbottf Hall in the County of Essex, late part of the Possessions of Sir James Pointz Knight deceased, to the intent that the Money raised thereby may be destri-buted among the Credito" of the said S' James Pointz according to the direcc&n and intencon of the said Sir James Poyntz by his last Will and Test am'. • 38 72 -

THE STATUTES

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE SIXTH.

Anno 1° EDWARD1, VI. A.D. 1547.

STATUTES made in the Session of Parliament,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of November, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

€v ftotulo #arliamentt He anno regnt ftegts CDtbarM £>e;ctt, primo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westm quarto die Novembris, Anno Regni potentissimi Principis ac metuendissimi Dili nn Edwardi Sexti Dei gra Anglie Francie et Hibernie Regis fidei Defensoris ac in terra Ecctie Anglicane et Hibernice supremi Capitis primo, & ibidem condnuato usq^ in xxiiij'4 diem Decembris Anno die to, varia edita sunt Statuta ad honorem Dei laudem Principis et udlitatem Rei publice: que quidem Statuta secundum hanc Tabulum ex ordine hinc subscripts comperies.

i. An Acte against suche as shall unreventlie speake against the Sacrament of the bodie and bloude of Christe comonlie called the Sacrament of the Altar, and for the receiving therof in bothe kyndes.

a. An Acte for the election of Bisshoppf and what Seales and Style they and other spuall psons exercising Jurisdiction

Ecdesiasticall shall use.

3. An Acte for the Punishment of Vagabondes and for the Relief of the poore and impotent Parsons.

4. An Acte for tenures holden in Capite.

5. An Acte that no horses shalbe conveyed out of this Realme, and other the Kings Dominions without Lycence.

б. An Acte for the contynuaunce of making of Woosted Yarne in Norff.

7. An Acte for the contynuaunce of actions after the Deathe of any King of this Realme.

8. An Acte for confirmacon of Ires Patentf.

9. An Acte for the uniting of certaine Churches w,hin the Cide of Yorke.

10. An Acte for exigenif and proclamations in Wales and in the Countie Palentyne of Chestre and allso in the Citie of Chestre.

it. An Acte for the Repeale of a certaine Statute made in the xxviij"1 yere of the Reigne of the late King of moste famous memorye Henry theight for revoking of Actes of Plament. ti. An Acte for the repeale of certaine Statutes conceminge treasons felonyes &c.

13. An Acte for a Subsidie of Tonnage and pondage of march'undizes, with a proviso for the confirmacbn of the Privileges

of the march’untf of the Sdlyarde, which proviso shall endure but onelie to thend of this Parlament.

14. An Acte wherby certaine Countries Colleges Free Chappellf and the possessions of the same be given to the

Kings Ma".

1 j. An Acte for a generall pardone. (’)

16. An Acte for thestablishement of a Deanerye at Wells.

17. An Acte for thassuraunce of certaine Landes to the Kings Ma" from the Earl of Rutlande.

18. An Acte for thassuraunce of certaine Landes to the Lorde Rych and [........*] Shelleye Knight.

19. An Acte for the restitucon in bloude of the Lorde Staiforde.

20. An Acte for the restituebn in bloude of John Lumleye Esquier.

a 1. An Acte for the resdtucbn in bloude of Griffithe Rise Gentleman.

1 All Printed Collections of the Statutes of this Session end with this Act. * Illegible on the Roll.

B

2

1° Edw. VI. c. 1

A.D. 1547.

The King's Anxiety for religious Concord;

The Mystery of the Sacrament of the Altar j

Contempt of the aid Sacrament;

Persons contemptuously reviling the Sacrament shall be punished by Imprisonment and Fine.

II.

Justices of Peace may take Information of Offenders, who shall be tried at Quarter Sessions.

III. Examination of Accusers, and binding them to appear.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte against suche as shall unreverentlie speake against the Sacrament of the bodie and bloude of Christe comonlie called the Sacrament of the Altar, and for the receiving therof in bothe Kyndes.

THE Kings moste excellent Ma,ie mynding the govemaunce and order of his moste lovinge Subge&f to be in moste pfitt unitie and concorde in all things and in especiall in the trewe faithe and Religion of God, and wishing the same to be brought to passe w'h all elemeneye and mercye on his Highnes pte towardes them, as his moste pryncelie erenitie and Ma"' hathe allredy declared by evydent proofs, to thintent that his moste lovinge Subge&f provoked by elemeneye and goodnes of their Prynce and King shall studie rather for love then for feare to doo their dewties first to Allmightie God and then to his Highnes and the Comon wealthe, nourisshing concorde and love amonge them selfs ; Yet considerethe and pceiveth that in a multitude all be not on that sorte that reason and the knowledge of their dewties can move them from Offence, but many which had nede have some brydle of feare and that the same be men moste contentious and arrogant for the most pte or ells most blynde and ignorant, By the meanes of which sorte of men manny things well and godlie instituted and to the edificac&n of manny be pverted and abused and turned to their owne and others greate losse and Hynder*unce and sometyme to extreme destruction, the whiche dothe appeare in no thing more or soner then in matters of Religion and in the great and highe misteryes therof as in the moste comfortable Sacrament of the bodye and bloude of our Savyo' Jesu Christe comonlie called the Sacrament of the Altar and in Scripture the Supper and Table of the Lorde, the Comunion and ptaking of the bodie and bloude of Christe ; which Sacrament was instituted of no lesse auctho' then of o' Savio' both God and Man, when at his last Supper amongest his Apostles he did take the breade into his hollie handes and did saye Take youe and eate this is my bodye which is given and broken for youe, and taking upp the Chalice or cupp did give thanckf and saie This is my bloude of the newe Testament which is shede for youe and for manny for the remissyon of Synnes, that when so ever we shoulde do the same we shoulde do it in the remembr*unce of him and to declare and sett furthe his deathe and moste glorious passion [untill ] his cominge. Of the which breade who so ever eateth or of the which Cupp who so ever drynketh unworthelie eateth and drynketh condemnation and judgement to himself making no difference of the Lordes bodye ; The Instituc&n of w<t> Sacrament being ordeyned by Christe as is before saide and the saide wordes spoken of it here before rehearsed being of eternal infallible and undoubted trewthe, Yet the saide Sacrament all this notwithstanding hath ben of late mervelouslie abused by such manner of men before rehearsed, who of wickydnes or ells of ignoraunce and want of Learninge for certaine abuses heretofore edmitted of some in misusing therof have condempned in their harts and speche the whole thing and coiitemptuouslie depraved dispised or reviled the same most holly and blessed Sacrament, and not onlie disputed and reasoned unreverentlie and ungodlie of that most high misterye But also in their sermons preachingf readingf lectures comunicacons argumentf talkes ryines songs playes or gestf name or call it by such Vile and unsemely wordes as Christian eares do abhorre to heare rehersed : For reformac&n wherof Be it enacted by the Kings Highnes with thassent of the Lordes sjSuall and Temporall and of the Comens in this p*nt pliament assembled and by thaudoritie of the same, that what so ever psone or psons from and after the first daye of Maye nexte cominge shall deprave dispise or contempne the saide moste blessed Sacrament in contempte therof by any contemptuouse wordes or by anny wordes of depravinge dispisinge or reviling, or what psone or psons shall advisedlie in anny other wise contempne dispise or revile the saide moste blessed Sacrament contrarie to theffedf and declaration abovesaide ; That then he or theie shall suffer imprisonement of his or their bodies and make fyne and rannsome at the Kings will and pleasure.

And For full and effectuall execuc&n of the premises before devised ordeyned and enacted by this Atte, Be it furthermore enacted by thau&oritie of this p>nt pliament. That Iinediatlye after the first daie of Maie next cominge the Justices of Peaxe or three of them at the least wherof one of them to be of the Quop in everie Shiere of this Realme and Wales and all other Places within the Kings Dominions, shall have full power and auftoritie by vertue of this Act as well to take Informacbn and accusac&n by the othes and depositions of twoo liable honnest and lefull parsones at the least, and after such accusaf&n or Informac&n so had to enquire by the othes of xij men in everie of their foure Quarter Sessyons yerelie to be holden, of all and singuler such accusac&ns or Informac&ns to be had or made of anny of the Offences aboveseid to be comitted or doon after the saide first daie of Maye within the Lymittf of their Commission; and that upon everie such accusac&n or Informac&n, the Offendor and Offendo" shall be enquired of and Indited before the said Justices of Peaxe or three of them at the least as is aforesaid of the saide contemptf and Offences by the verditt of xij honnest and indifferent men yf the matter of the saide accusac&n and Information shall seme to the saide Jurie good and trewe.

And it is also further enacted by thaudoritie aforesaide that the saide Justices of Peace or three of them at the least as is aforesaide before whome any such presentment Information and accusac&n shalbe made or taken as is aforesaide shall examyne the accuso" what other witnes were by and present at the tyme of doing and comitting of thoffence wherof the Informac&n accusac&n and presentment shalbe made and how manny others then the accuso" have Knowledge therof, and shall have [full * ] power and authoritie by their discretions to bynde by Recognis'unce to be taken afore them aswell the saide accuso" as all suche other parsons whom the saide accuso" shall declare to have Knowledge of the Offences by them presented and Informed, everye of them in five pounds to the King to appere before the saide Justices of Peace afore whom the Offendo' or Offendo" shall be tryed at the daye of the Tryall and deliver*unce of suche Offendo".

* The Titles in the Table at the Head of the Roll, are not repeated to the Inrollment of every Act: but it has been thought convenient to print them with each Chapter. ' unto 0. * 0. omits.

A.D. 1547'

1°Edw. VI. c. 1,2.

3

And it is further enacted by thauftoritie aforesaide that the saide Justices of peaxe or three of them at the least as is aforesaide by vertewe of this Acte shall have full power and au&horitie to make processe against everie parsone and parsons so indicted by twoo Capias and an Exigent and by Capias utlagat aswell within the lymittf of their Comissyon as into all other Shieres and places of this Realme Wales and other the Kings Dominions aswell within the Liberties as withowt, and the same pc esse to be good and effectuall in the lawe to all intentf constructions and purposes; and uppon the apparaunce of any of thoffendo" shall have full power and au&oritie by vertewe of this Ade and the Comission of peaxe to determine the contemptf and offences aforesaide accordinge to the lawes of this Realme and theffedf of this Acte: And that the saide Justices of Peaxe or three of them at the least as is abovesaide shall have full power and au&oritie to lett anny suche psone or parsons so indicted uppon sufficient sureties by their discretions to baill for their appar*unce to be tryed according to the tenor so'me and effede of this Ade.

Provided alluaies and be it enacted that the saide Justices of Peaxe or three of them at the least, at their Quarter Sessions where any offendo' or offendo" shalbe or stande indicted of anny of the contemptf or offences abovesaide, shall direde and award one writt in the Kings name to the Bisshopp of the Diocesse where the saide offence or offences be supposed to be comilted or doon, willing and requiring the saide Bisshopp to be in his owne parsone or by his Ch*uncelor or other his sufficient deputic learned at the Q'ter Sessions in the saide Countie to be holden, when and where the saide offendo' shalbe arraigned and tryed, appointing to them in the saide writt the daye and place of the saide arraignement, which Writt shalbe of this so'me:—Rex &c. Epo L. saltm Precipimus tibi qd tu Cancellar tuus vel alius deputatus tuus sufficient eruditus sitis cum Justiciar nris ad pacem in Coiii nfo B. confvand assignat apud D. tali die ad sessionem nram ad tunc et ibidem tenend ad dand consiliu et advisament eisdem Justiciar nns ad pacem super nrranament et deliberacSem offendenC contra formam statuti concernen sacrosanctum Sacramentum Altaris.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauCloritie aforesaide that no parsone or psons shalbe indicted of anny the contemptf or offences abovesaide but onelie [of suche contemptf or offences as shalbe doon or ppetrated 1 ] within three monethes next after the saide offence or offences so comitted or doon.

And be it further enacted by thaudoritie abovesaide that in all tryallf for anny suche offendo" before the saide Justices as is aforesaide the psone or psons being compleyned on and arrayned shalbe admitted to pourge or trye his or their innocencye, by as manny or more witnesses in nombre and of as good honnestie and credence as the witnesses be which deposed against him or them or anny of them.

And forasmuche as it is more agreable bothe to the first Institucftn of the saide Sacrament of the moste precious bodye and bloude of o' Savyo' Jesus Christe, and also more conformable to the comen use and pradise bothe of Thapostles and of the p'mative Churche by the space of Five hundred yeres and more after Christs assention that the saide blessed Sacrament shoulde be ministred to all Christen people under bothe the kyndes of Breade and Wyne, [then' ] under the so'me of breade onelie; And also it is more agreable to the first Institution of Christe and to thusage of Thapostellf and the primative churche that the people being pnt shoulde receive the same w"’ the preist [then*] that the Priest should receive it alone; Therfore be it enacted by our saide Souvarigne Lorde the King with the consent of the Lordes spuall and teinporall and the Comons in this pnt plament assembled and by thaudoritie of the same, that the saide moste blessed sacrament be hereafter comenlie delivered and ministred unto the people, within this Churche of Englande and Irelande and other the Kings Dominions, under bothe the Kyndes, that is to saie of breade and wyne, excepte necessitie otherwise require: And allso that the preist which shall ministre the same shall at the least one day before exhorte all psons which shalbe present likewise to resorte and prepare themselff to receive the same, and when the daie prefixed comethe after a godlie exhortacftn by the Minister made, wherin shalbe further expressed the benefitt and comforte promised to them which worthelie receive the saide hollie Sacrament, and daunger and indignation of God threatened to them wrh shall presume to receive the same unworthclie, to thende that everie man maye trye and examyii lus owne conscience before he shall receive the same, the saide minister shall not withowt laufull cawse denye the same to any parsone that wool devoutelie and humblie desire it, anny lawe statute orden’nce or custoine contrarie therunto in any wise notwithstanding; not condempninge hereby the usage of anny Churche owt of the Kings Ma"-* Dominions.

IV.

r> against

Offenders;

Proceeding on their Appearance.

Bailing Oflcndcra.

V.

Writ from the Justices to the Biulmp, to be pr"scnt at tile Quarter Scion* on Trial of Offenders.

VI.

Limitation of Pro jet ution.

VII.

The accused map produce Witneuca in Defence.

VIII. Primitive Mode of receiving the Sacrament;

The Sacrament shall he administered in both Kinds Bread and Wine, to the People:

After Exhortations of the Priest, the Sacrament shall not he ilcnied.

Not condemning the Usage of othrr Churches.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the election of Bisshoppf, and what Seales and Style they and other Spuall psons exercising Jurisdiction

Ecclesiastical! shall use.

FORASMUCHE as the elections of Tharchebisshoppf and Bisshoppf by the Deanes and Chapiters within the Kings Objections to Form Ma"* Realmes of Englande and Ireland at this pnt tyme be aswell to the longe delaye as to the greate costes and Kshops^i.^ charges of suche psons as the Kings Ma"' givethe anny Archebisshoppryche or Bisshopprichc unto; And wheras the saide elections be in verie dede no elections but onlie by a writt of Conge dislier have coulo" shadowes or pretences of elections, s'vinge nevertheles to no purpose and seminge allso derogatorie and prejudicyall to the Kings prerogative Royall, to whom onlie apperteynethe the collaCbn and gifte of all Archebisshoppriches and Bisshoppriches and Suffragan Bisshoppf within his Highnes saide Realmes of Englande and Irelande Wales and other his Dominions and

1 So in Original Act: but the*e Word* *ecnt superfluous.

than O.

4

1° Edw.VI. c. 2.

A.D. 1547.

Without any Conge d’elire or Election, Bishopricki may be conferred by the King's Letter* Patent.

ir.

All accustomed Feet shall be paid.

III. Summonses and Citations made heretofore in the Names of the Bishops;

All Summonses and Citations shall be in the King's Name, tested by the Bishop, See. and countersigned by his Commissary.

IV.

Seals of the Spiritual Courts shall have the King's Arms thereon.

Penalty on Breach of this Act, Imprisonment, &c.

V.

Usual Feet only on Citations, Sic.

VI.

Archbishop of Canterbury shall use hit own Seal. In what Cates Bishops may use their own Seals and Names.

VII.

All Process and Certificate of Trial in Spiritual Courts shall be in the King's Name, under the Bishop's Seal.

Marches: For a dewe reformac&n hereof, be it therfore enacted by the Kings Highnes w'h thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt plament assembled and by aucthoride of the same, That fromhensfurthe no suche Conge dislier be gr*unred nor elecrion of anny Archebisshopp or Bisshopp by the Deane and Chapiter made. But that the King maye by his tres patentf at all tymes when anny Archebisshoppriche or Bisshoppriche be voide conferre the same to anny parsone whom the King shall thincke mete; The which collacSn so by the Kings tres patentf made and delivered to the psone to whome the King shall conferre the same Archebisshoppriche or Bisshoppriche, or to his sufficient proctour and attomeye, shall stande to all intentf constructions and purposes to as muche and the same effecte as thoughe Conge dislier had byn given, thelection dewlie made and the same confirmed ; And that uppon the said parsone to whome the saide Archebisshoppriche Bisshoppriche or Suffraganshipp is so conferred collated or given maye be consecrated and sewe his Liverye or outerlemayne and doo other things aswell as if the saide Ceremonies and elections had been doon and made.

Provided allwaie and be it enacted by thauctoririe aforesaide that everie suche parsone to whome anny collacbn or gifte of any Archebisshoppriche Bisshoppriche or Suffraganshipp shall be given or collated by the King his heires or successo", shall paye doo and yelde to all and everye parsone all suche fees interests and dewties as of olde tyme have byn accustumed to be doon; any thing in this ade or in anny other to the contrarie hereof in anny wise notwithstanding.

And Whereas the Archebisshoppf and Bisshoppf and other spuall psons in this Realine doo use to make and sende owt their Summons [and1 ] Citac&ns and other processein their owne names, and in suche fourme and manner as was used in the tyme of the usurped power of the Bisshopp of Rome, contrarie to the fourme and order of the somons and processe of the comen lawe used in this Realme, seing that all audhoritie of Jurisdiction spuall and temporall is derived and deduded from the Kings Ma'", as supreame hed of the Churches and Realmes of Englande and Irelande and so justlie acknowleged by the Clergie of the saide Realmes, and that all Courtes Ecctiasticall within the saide twoo Realms be kepte by no other power or audhoritie other forr&i or wll,in the Realme, but by thaudoritie of his moste excellent Ma", Be it therfore further enacted by thaudoritie aforesaide, that all somons and citations or other processe Ecctiasticall in all suites and cawses of Instaunce betwixte ptie and ptie, in all cawses of correction, in all cawses of bastardyeor bigamye, or inquirie de jure pronatus, probatf of Testamentf and CSmissions of Administracon of psons decessed, and all acquittaunce of and uppon accomptf made by the executo" administrate" or Colledo" of goods of anny deade psone, be from the first daye of Julye next following made in the name and with the Style of the King, as it is in writtf originall or judiciall at the Comen Lawe, and that the Teste therof be in the name of the Archebisshop or Bisshopp or other having Ecctiasticall Jurisdiction who hath the C.omission and gfunte of thaudoritie Ecctiasticall Imediatlie from the Kings Highnes ; and that his Coiiiissarie Official! or Substitute exercising Jurisdiction under him shall putt his name in the Citac&n or processe after the Teste.

Furthermore be it enacted by audhoritie aforesaide that all manner of parsone or parsons who hath the exercise of Ecctiasticall Jurisdiction shall have from the first daye of Julye before expressed in their Seales of Office the Kings Highnes armes decentlie sett with certaine Carectf under the armes for the Knowledge of the Diocesse, and shall use no other Seale of Jurisdiction but wherin his Ma1" armes be ingraven ; uppon payne that yf anny psone shall use Ecctiasticall Jurisdiction after the daye before expressed in this Realme of Englande Wales and other his Dominions or territories, and not sende or make owt the Citacon or processe in the Kings name, or use anny Seale of Jurisdiction other then before lymited That everie suche Offendo' shall incurre and runne in the Kings Mat" displeasure and Indignacon and suffer emprisonment at his Highnes will and pleasure.

Provided alwaies that no more or other Fees be taken or paide for the Seale and [Writingf1 ] of anny Citacons or other processe then was heretofore accustumed.

Provided allso and be it enacted by thaudoritie aforesaide that Tharchebisshoppe of Cantor for the tyme being shall use his owne seale and in his owne name in all faculties and dispensac&ns according to the tenor of an Ade therof made; And that the saide Archebisshoppf and Bisshoppf shall make admitte order and refourme their Ch'uncelo" officiallf comissaries advocatf procto" and other their officers ministers and substitutes and comissions to Suffrigan Bisshoppf in their owne names under their owne seales in suche manner and so'me as theie have heretofore used, and shall certefie to the Courte of Tenthes their certificatf under their owne name and seales as heretofore theie have used and according to the Statute in that cace made and provided; and lykewise shall make collacons presentations giftes institutions and inductions of benefief tres of orders or dimissories under their owne names and seales as theie have heretofore accustomed ; anny thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide that all processe hereafter to be made or awarded by any Ecctiasticall pson or psones for the tryall of any plee or plees or matter depending or that hereafter shall depende in anny of the Kings Courtes of Recorde at the comen lawe, and lymited by the lawes and customes of this Realme to the spuall courtes to trye the same, that the certificate of the same after the tryal therof shalbe made in the Kings name for the tyme being and w'" the stile of the same King, and under the Seale of the Bisshopp graved w,h the Kings armes wUl the name of the Bisshopp or spuall Officer being to the Teste of the same processe and Certificate and to everye of them.

1 0. omits. * writing 0.

A.D. 1547-

1° Edw.VI. c. 3.

5

1

1

i

t

1

I

It

I

i

i

B

B

It

It

Of

II of i

or

lU

18

st

t

B

I

i

it

1

r

1

I

r

t

1

CHAPTER III.

Am Acte for the Punishment of Vagabondes and for the Relief of the poore and impotent Parsons.

F)RASMUCHE as Idlenes and Vagabundrye is the mother and roote of all theftes Robberyes and all evill a&es and other mischiefs and the multitude of people given therto hath allwaies been here w,hin this Realme verie greate and more in nombre as it maye appere then in other Regions, to the greate Impouverishment of the Realme and daunger of the Kings Highnes Subge&f, The which Idlenes and Vagabundrye all the Kyngf highnes noble progenito" Kings of this Realme and this highe Courte of Parlament hath often and with greate travaile goon abowte and assayed w‘ godlie Actes and Statutes to repress?, Yet untill this o' tyme it hath not had that successe which hath byn wisshed. But ptelie by folishe pitie and mercie of them which shoulde have seen the said godlie Lawes executed, ptelie by the pverse nature and longe accustumed Idlenes of the parsons given to loytringe, the saide godlie Statutes hitherto hath had small effecte, and Idle and Vagabounde psons being unprofitable membres or rather ennemyes of the Comen wealthe hath fryn suffred to remayne and encrease and yet so doo, who yf theie should be punished by deathe whippinge emprysonement or wth other Corporall payne it were not withowt their desertf for thexample of others and to the benefitt of the Comen wealth. Yet yf thei cowlde be brought to be made profitable and doo fvice it were much to be wisshed and desired: Be it therfore enacted by the Kings Highnes with the consent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comens in this pnt plament assembled and by thauftoritie of the same. First that all Statutes and A&es of plament heretofore made for the punishment of vagaboundf and sturdie beggers and all articles comprised in the same shalbe from hensfurth repealed voyde and of none effefle: Secundlie that who so ever after the first daie of Apryll next following man or woman being not Lame Impotent or so aged or diseased w<h sicknes that he or she can not wo'ke, not having Landes^or X^Stf Fees Aiiuityes or anny other yerelie Revenues or Proffittf wheron theie may fynde sufficientlie their Living, shall either like a s'vinge man wanting a maister or lyke a Begger or after anny other suche sorte be lurking in anny howse or howses or loytringe or Idelye wander by the highe waies syde or in Stretes in Cities Townes or Vyllages, not applying them self to some honnest and allowed arte Scyence s'vice or Labour, and so do contynewe by the space of three daye§)or more to gither and not offer them self to Labour w,h anny that will take them according to their facultie, And yf no man otherwise will take them doo not offer them self to wo'ke for meate and drynck, or after theie be so taken to w'ke for the space agreed betwixt them and their maisters doo leave their worck owt of convenyent tyme or runne awaye, That then everie suche parsone shalbe taken for a Vagabounde and that it shalbe lawful to everie suche Maister offering suche Idle psone s'vice and labour, and that being by him refused, or who hath agreed with suche ydle parsone and from whome within the space agreed of s'vice the saide loytero' hathe runne away or depted before thend of the coven"nt bitwene them, and to anny other parsone espying the same, to bring or cause to be brought the saide parsone so living Idelye and loyteringlie to twoo of the next Justices of peaxe there Resyaunt or abyding, who hearing the proefe of the Idle living of the saide parsone by the saide space living idelye as is aforesaid approved to them by twoo honnest witnesses or confession of the ptie, shall imediatelie cawse the saide loyterer to be marked with an whott Iron in the brest the marke of V. and adjudge the said parsone living so Idelye to such presento' to be his Slave, To have and to holde the said Slave to him his executors or assignes for the space of twoo Yeres then next following and to order the saide Slave as followethe That is to saie ; to take such parsone adjudged a Slave with him and onelye giving the saide Slave breade and water or small dryncke and suche refuse of meate as he shall thincke mete cawse the saide Slave to wo'ke by beating cheyninge or otherwise in suche wo'ke and Labo' how vyle so ever it be as he shall putt him unto; And yf anny manner of Slave ether for loytring or for the cawse before rehearsed so adjudged shall within the Space of the saide twoo yeres here appointed runne awaye depte or absent him from his saide M' by the space of xiiij dais to gither withowt Lycence it shall not onlie be lefull to his saide Maister to pursue and fetche him againe by vertewe of this Acte but allso to punishe suche faulte by chaynes or beating as is aforesaide, And against the deteyno', yf anny man do willinglie deteyne him knowing him to be a Slave as is aforesaide, to have an action of trespasse and recover therby in damages Tenne Poundes besides the costes and charges of the suite for so deteyninge his saide Slave; And further everie such M' shewing and proving by twoo sufficyent witnesses the saide Offence or faulte of his runnynge awaie before twoo Justices of peaxe of the same Countye wherof one to be of the Quop the same Justices shall cawse suche Slave or loyterer to be marked on the forhed or the ball of the cheke. with an hote Iron with the Signe of an S. that he may be knowen for a loyterer and runneawaye and shall adjudge the loyterer and runawaye to be the saide M" Slave for ever; And yf suche Slave shall the Seconde tyme runne awaye or absent him self yf the saide M' shall approv the same Second runnynge awaie with twoo sufficient witnesses before the Justices of Peaxe in their generall and Quarter Sessions, [That then everie suche faulte and runninge awaie to be adjudged fellonie and suche loyterer and runneaway to be taken as a fellon and therof being lawfullie indicted and attaynted or otherwise condempned to suffer paynes of death as other fellons ought to doo.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauttoritie aforesaide that no Clercke conviSe shall hereafter make his purgation and uppon suche purgac&n be delivered and sett at large otherwise then in this Estatute [ is 1 ] hereafter expressed. And be it further enacted by thau&oritie aforesaid that [every *] Clercke convide or hereafter to be convicted, which shoulde by thordre of the Lawe enjoye the benefitt of their purgacon shall and may from hensfurthe fynde anny man yf theie can who shalbe bownden with twoo sufficient sureties to the Ordinarye in the Some of twentie poundes to the Kings Highnes use to retayne the saide convide as his Slave, and to kepe the said parsone so convide for the space of one yere then next following that he shall not go abrode & at Large; And then the saide convide shalbe delivered to the saide parsone so taking the same and being bownde as is aforesaide to be his Slave for one hole yere then next following by vertewe of this Ade, in all suche manner and so'me and to all suche Intentf and purposes and with all suche ordre Lawes Condic&ns and Penalties for runninge awaye or other as is aforesaide of a vacabounde taken

* 0. omits. * anye O.

C

Increase and Evil of idle Vagabonds

All former Acts against Vagabonds repealed.

Every Person, qot impotent, Stc. loitering or wandering, and not seeking Work, or leaving it when engaged, shall be considered as a Vagabond;

and being

apprrhended by his Matter, See. shall, on Conviction before Two Justices, be marked with a V. and be adjudged a Slave to such Master for Two Years.

How such Slave shall be kept and treated

If such Slave run away, the Master may pursue and punish him, and recover j£io. Damages against one detaining him

and on Conviction of hit running away he shall be marked with S. and become the Matter’s Slave for ever.

And afterwards running away shall become a Felon.

II.

Proviso for Clerks conriCt, via.

If entitled to Benefit of Purgation, they shall serve as Slaves for One Year, Jrc.

6

1° Edw.VI. c. 3.

A.D. 154?.

If not entitled to Purgation, then for Five Years.

III.

How Infant Beggars may betaken as Apprentices or Servants;

Males till 24, Females till 20.

Running away they shall become Slaves.

IV.

Masters may let, sell, or give the Service of such Slave or Child.

V.

Slaves, &c. wounding or conspiring against their Masters, shall be Felons, or become Slaves for Life:

As also Persons stealing Children Apprentices.

(vl)

How Justices of Peace shall proceed ex officio, with Vagabonds by apprehending and sending them to the Parish where they were born.

Loytering and made a Slave (buminge in the brest onlie excepte) and the Ordinarye, by the deliverie of the saide convicte to suche parsone being bownde as aforesaid, to be of the keping of the saide convifte clearlie discharged and exonerated by vertewe of this Acte: And if [it ’] so be that the saide Clercke so convicte can not fynde anny man to be bownde as is aforesaide to whom he maye be adjudged a Slave in the Space of one Yere, Then at anny tyme after the ende of one Yere after his conviction it shalbe lawfull for the saide Clercke convicte to mak his purgac&n as he might before this Estatute, anny thing in this pnt Acte to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas Clerckf convicted or attainted by thordre of the Lawes of this Realme can not make their purgac&n and should ppetuallye by the same remayne in prisone, Be it nevertheles enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That yf there be anny manner of parsone who will at anny tyme demande the same Clerke convicted or attaynted and be bownden to the Ordinarye w,h twoo sufficient Sureties as is above written to kepe the same as his Slave by the space of five Yeres then next following; That then the same shalbe adjudged his Slave for lyke space w"1 all suche Orders Lawes and penalties for runninge awaie and other orders as is before expressed of a vagabounde adjudged to anny Man for a Slave, the burninge in the brest onelie excepted, And uppon the adjudgement delivered to suche demaundaunt the Ordinarye from thensforthe of the keping of such Clercke convicte or attaynted clerelie exonerated and discharged by verteue of this Acte.

And Forasmuche as divers wemen and men goeth on begging wayefaring, of the which some be impotent and lame, and some liable enoughe to Labour which doo carrye children abought w,h them some foure or five Yeres of age or yonger or elder, which brought upp in Idlenes might be so rooted in it that hardelie theie maye be brought after to good thrifte and labour. Or yf anny childe above thage of five Yeres and under thage of xiiij yeres go Idelie wandering abowt as a vagabounde, Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that yf anny manner of pson will take anny suche childe be it male or female of and from anny suche begger being the mother therof nourcer or Kepar [whither ’] theie be willing or not, or without anny suche nourryce mother or keper by him self wandering, and bring the saide childe so taken awaie before one of the Constables of the pish and twoo other honnest and discrete neighbo" witnesses and before anny Justice of Peaxe there Resiaunt and abiding, and promesse to bring the same childe upp in some honnest Labour or occupac&n till he or she come to thage of twentie Yeres the woman childe, or xxiiij" the man childe. That then and iinediatlie the said Justice of peaxe and Conestable shall adjudge by vertewe of this Acte the saide childe unto the ages before specified to be srv*ntf or apprentices to the saide psons so taking and promising, to be used and ordered in all points according as the Lawe and Custome of this Realme is of s'v*ntf and apprentices, to what Labo' occupac&n or s'vice so ever the said M' shall appoint him or her during the said tyme: And yf it shall fortune such childe so adjudged to runne awaye at anny tyme ons or two tymes from his or her Maister or Maistres, That then it shalbe lawfull for everie such Mr to take the said childe againe and to kepe and punishe the said child in chaynes or otherwise, And use him or her as his Slave in all poyntf for the tyme before rehersed of thage of such childe that is to saye til xx" the woman childe and the man child xxiiij'1.

Provided allwaies that anny M' either of the men or of the women so adjudged Slaves or of the children adjudged apprentief or s'v*untf maye lett sett furthe sell bequethe or give the s'vice and labour of suche Slaves or S'v*untf so adjudged as is aforesaide to anny parsone or parsones to whome so ever he will, uppon suche condic&n and for such tyme of yeres as the saide parsons be adjudged to him for Slaves s'v*untf or apprentices, after suche like sorte and manner as he maye doo of anny other his movable goods or Catellf, And theie for the saide space of tyme to be bownde to all poyntf and constructions to suche Lessee donnee Vendee or assigne as theie were to their first apprehenders and Maisters by vertewe of this Statute.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by aucthoritie aforesaid that yf anny suche Slave or Slaves or children so adjudged shall at anny tyme after suche adjudgement mayme or wounde their Mr or M" in resisting there corrections or otherwise, or [whenJ] theie be manumitted and sett again free or in the tyme of their §vice shall conspire with any other or by themself go abowt to murder and kyll or to mayme wounde or beat his saide Maister or Maistres or anny that was their Maister or Maistres, or to bume their howses barnes or come so that their Intent come to an Acte tending to [same '] theffecte. That then everie suche mayme or wounde or the going about to murdre kill mayme or wounde or beat such parsone or parsons as be or were their Maisters or Maistresses, or to bume their howses bame or come, So that their Intent doo come to anny Acte tending to the same effecte, as lying in waite with a weapon or anny suche like, shalbe accompted fellonie, and theie shall suffer therfore paynes of death as in case of fellonye; excepte that anny suche parsone or parsons as be or had ben Mr or Mistries to anny of them, or he refusing anny other, will take suche parsone so offending to their Slaves, And then he or she so offending to be adjudged to the parsone so willing to take him or her so offending [ Slaves4 ] for ever. And thereuppon to be discharged of the fellonie; The same Lawe and ordre to be had in all conditions yf it shulde ch’unce the father mother nourryce or other the bearer abowt of the Child or anny other parsone or parsons to Steale awaie suche childe adjudged apprentice or Srv*nt, that is to be Slave to such apprendees or §v‘untf Mr whose apprendee or s'v*unt was so stollen or indeed awaie for ever; And the Mr nevertheless to take and receivee his said apprendee or sVunt againe as yf the saide taking awaie had never bee don.

Be it allso enacted by thauftoritie aforsaide that allthoughe there be no man wr>‘ shall demaunde suche loyterer or loyterers as before expressed into their 9vice, Yet nevertheles the Justice of peaxe in that Citie Boroughe Towne or Hundreth dwelling yf anny such be, or ells anny other Justice of Peaxe of the same Shiere and allso there dwelling, by his or their office shalbe hereafter bounde by vertewe of this Adfe not onelie to enquire of all suche Idle psons, but allso if theie doo espie any suche vacaboundes or Idle parsone or yf anny suche be detected unto them, to examyn him or her of the tyme of their vagaboundrye, and yf it shall appear to anny Justice of Peaxe any suche man or woman to have been a vagraunte and vacabound or ydle parsone by the space as is aforesaid to cawse the same to be marcked on the

* O. omits, * wheither O. ’ where O. 4 Slave O.

A.D. 1547.

1° Edw.VI. c. 3.

brest with an V. made with a hote Iron, And allso to learne and enquier of him the Towne (') Citie or Village wherin he was borne, and then shall imediatelye give a writing in pchment Sealed with his Seale to the said loyterer of the teno* and so'me here ensuethe : A. B. Justice of Peace in the Countie of S. to the Mayo' or cheif Officer of the Citie Form of Pas*, of [Q.*] yf it be a Citie or to the hedde Boroughe Bailief or Constable or hedd Officer of the Towne of [Q*] yf it be a Towne, or to the Constable or Tything man of the Village of C yf it be a Village, greting; According to a moste godlie Statute made in the first yere of the Reigne of o' Soveraigne Lord King Edwarde the Sixte 8cc. We have taken this bearer

I. K. vagrauntlie and to the evill example of others withowt M' Svice or Labo' wherby to get his living going loytering Idellie abowt; And becawse the same saiethe he was borne in C. in the Countie of S. wherof youe ar the hedde Officer or Constable we have sent him to youe to be ordered according to the purpo'te and effecte of the same Statute: And with

this writing shall deliver the same loyterer to the Constables or other hed Officer of the saide Citie Towne or Village

wherin suche loyterer was taken to be saufelie conveyed by them to the next Constable, and so from Conestables to Constables and other hedd Officers til he or she be brought to the place to which he or she hath named themselfe to be borne in, and then to be delivered to the hedd Officer or Constable of the same Citie Borough or Towne Village hamlett or pishe, there to be nourished and kepte of the same Citie Towne or Village in chaynes or otherwise either at the Comen Such Vagabond* woltes in amending highe waies or other Comen wolte, or from man to man in Order til theie which may beare be equallie sUw*^ public* * charged, to be Slave to the corporac&n of the Citie or to the Inhabit*untf of the Towne or Village that he or she were Work 0,1 Rol<1* bo'ne in, after all suche so'me condic&n space of yeres orders punishmentf for runninge awaie and all others as are expressed of a comon or private parsone to whome any suche loyterer is adjudged a Slave; And the saide Citie PenlltT 00 ci,T«

Towne or Village shall see the saide Slave being liable to Labour sett on wo'ke and not live Idelie within the saide suffering such Slave

predndf, uppon payne that for everie suche defaulte that the said Slave doth live Idellye by the defaulte of the Citie 10 1|TC l<u^ Borouge or Towne or vyllage by the Space of three wo'king daies to gither The Citie to forfai&e five poundes, a Boroughe or Towne Incorporate fourtie shillingf and other Towne or Vyllage Twentie Shillingf, wherof the one halfe to the King o' Souveraigne Lorde the other to him that will sue for the same in anny of the Kings Courtes of Recorde by bill Informac&n or Action of debte in the which suite no essoyne wager of Lawe or protection shall be allowed.

VII.

Provided and be it enacted that the Citie Towne and Boroughe corporate by the Consent of the more pte of Such City, See. the Corporacon, and the Towne and Vyllage not corporated by the consent of the more pte of the Inhabifuntf g^"er 1611 thereof, may sett sell or give awaie the right tytle and Interest of the said Slave to anny other parsone as anny other comen or private parsone maye doo wth his Slave by the vertewe of this ACte. _____

VIII.

Provided allwaies and be it enatted that yf it fortune, when the saide Vacabounde is brought to the said Citie Vagabonds Towne or Village where the saide parsone saied he was borne, to appere and be manifest that he or she was not there Birthdull

borne, that then for suche lye the saide vagraunte shalbe marked on the face w,h an S. and be Slave to the Inhabitauntf becomcSlaves there, or corporation of the Citie Towne or Vyllage where the said Vagraunt saide he was borne in for ever, uppon suche conditions and orders in all point f as of a Slave marked in the face as before expressed : the same lawe and order in Foreigner! being all poyntf to be had of all vagraunt parsons and vacaboundf being bo'ne in an other nacSn or countreye than this Realme ^af^he^Ports as is before expressed of Englishe ydle psons, marking in the brest or face onelie excepted; That is to be had to the next to work. See. porte and there to be kepte of the Inhabyt*untf of the saide next po'te in convenient Labo' and from Idlenes or otherwise till theie maye be conveyed over, and then at the costes of the Inhabyt*untf of the saide porte to be conveyed over into their Countreis.

| ix.

And forasmuche as there is manny maymed and otherwise Lamed sore aged and Impotent psons which resortethe impotent Beggars j to the Citie of London and to other Cities Townes and Villages on begging, whose cominge to gither and making a nomber dothe fill the Stretes or high waies of divers Cities Towns markettf and fayres, who yf theie were sepated might easelie be nourished in the Townes and Places wherin theie were borne or where theie were or hath been moste conversaunt and abyding by the Space of three yeres, Be it therfore emitted by thauctoritie aforesaide that all and How the Officer* singuler Mayo" Shrieff Baylieff Constables or other hedde Officers of anny Citie Towne or hundred to which suche Hund^’slair"’ resorte is or shalbe, shall before the feaste of the purificacon of o'Ladye next following see all such Idle Impotent «u«c such Person maymed and aged parsons, who otherwise can not by their discretions be taken for vacaboundf, which were bo'ne within lived’Three Years the saide Citie Towne or hundrethe or hath been there moste conversaunt and abyding by the Space of three yeres as is aforesaide and now decayed bestowed and provided for of the Tenauntries cotages or other convenient howses to be lodged in, at the costes and charges of the saide Cities Townes Boroughes and Villages, there to be relieved and cured by the devoc&n of the good people of the saide Citie Boroughe Towne or Village ; and that theie do not suffer after the tyme before rehearsed anny other then suche as either were borne or hath been for the moste pte conversaunt or abyding by the Space aforesaide in the saide Citie Boroughe Village or Towne to remayne and begge abrode w"'in the precinttf of suche Cities Townes Villages or Hundrethes, uppon payne that everie suche Mayo" Shrieff and Baillief Constable or other hedd Officer by what name so ever he be called suffering anny psons to begge w"‘in the precintte of his or their Jurisdiction other then is before rehearsed, for everie three daies shall forfaicte Tenne shillingf to whome so ever will sue therfor by bill Informac&n or action of debt in anny Courte of Record in the which suits none essoigne wager of Lawe nor protection shalbe allowed.

And for the better pfourmaunce therof, Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that the Mayo' of the Citie of London and other Mayo" Bailieff Shrieff Constables and other hedd Officers of everie Citie & Towne Corporate doo, w* all convenient spede by them selfs or their sufficient deputies by them appointed, before the feaste of the purificaefin next cominge, and so from tyme to tyme everie Monethe ons, make a viewe and examination of aged and Impotent and Lame Parsons beggers as be w^in the precincte of their Jurisdiction, and see all suche as were not bo'ne nor hath been for the moste pte conversaunt and abyding there by the Space of three yeres complete, conveyed on

X.

Mayors, &c. shall monthly examine and remove Beggars to their proper Places of Birth or Residence.

1 or 0.

> C. in Original Act.

8

1° Edw.VI. c. 3

A.D. 1547.

XL

Such aged Poor, See. as are able to work shall be employed.

XII. Weekly CoUeftion of Charity at Church on Sunday.

XIII. Proviso for Infant Servants becoming entitled to Lands, or in Ward, &c.

XIV. Servants and Slaves coming to Property shall be discharged) except Females married without their Master’s Consent.

XV.

Proviso for Leprous and Bed-ridden Poor, and Gatherers of Alms for them.

XVI.

Slaves may have Rings of Iron on their Necks, See.

XVII. Proclamation of this Act i

Continuance

thereof.

XVIII.

Commission for Relief of Loss by Fire, «cc.

horsbacke Carte or Charm or otherwise as shall seme by their discretions to the next Conestables, and theie to conveye the same to the next Constables and so from Constables to Constables till the saide psons be brought to the place where theie were borne or moste conversaunt and abyding as is aforesaide, there to be provided for kepte and nourished of almes as is aforesaide, uppon the payne that everie suche Mayor Shrief or Conestable hedboroughe or hedd Officer, not making viewe not sending or conveying awaie not receiving or not providing as is before appointed according to the trewe purpose or meaninge of this Acte, to forfaite for everie suche defaulte sortie Shillingf wherof the one halfe to the Kings use thother to the pties that will sewe therfore in anny of the Kings Co'tes of Recorde by bill Informacbn ( * ) action of debte in the which suits no essoigne wager of Lawe nor protection shalbe allowed.

Provided allwaie that yf anny of the saide aged maymed or impotent parsons of the Cities Townes or Villages where theie were bo'ne in or had their moste abyding as aforesaide be not so lame or impotent but that theie maye wo'ke in some manner of wo'ke, that then suche Cide Towne Pisshe or Village do either in comen provide some suche wo'ke for them as theie maye be occupyed in, or appointe them to suche as woll fynde them wo'ke for meate and drynck, and yf theie refuse of willfulnes and stubbernes to wo'ke or doo runne awaye and begge in other places then to punishe the same according to their discretion with chayninge beating or otherwise as shall seme to them convenient.

And for the more furtherance of the Relief of suche which ar in unfayned miserie and to whome charitie ought to be extended, Be it enacted by thaudloritie aforesaid, that everie Sondaye and hollie daye after the reading of the gospell of the daie, the Curate of everie pishe doo mak according to suche tallent as God hath given him a godlie and brief exhortac&n to his pishoners moving and exciting them to remembre the poore people and the dewde of Xpian Charitie in reliving of them which be their brethrene in Christe borne in the same pishe and neding their helps.

Provided allwaies that yf it shall ch’unce anny suche adjudged Apprentice s'v'unte or Slave as is before rehearsed to have inherit*unce discended unto him or her, or anny other waies be by the Lawes of this Realme warde or bonde-man or neif of bloode by or from anny of his auncesto" to anny parsone or parsons, that then it shalbe lawfull to anny suche parsone or parsons to whome anny suche warde bondeman or neif shall apptayne to sease and take suche wardes bondemen or neiff and them to retayne and kepe as their wardes bondemen or neiff, And the saide Wardes bondemen and neifes shalbe discharged of the saide Slaverie or other s'vitude or bondage above rehearsedj this estatute or anny thing therin conteyned to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

(*) And allso be it enacted that yf anny suche S'v’nte Apprentice Slave or Slaves which shall have at anny tyme hereafter anny adv*ncement or Living accrue come or growe unto him or anny of them wherby he or theie maye have a convenient Living, that then and from thensfurthe he or theie so being adv'unced to be discharged of their Slavery s'vitude and bondage, this A die or anny thing therin conteyned to the contrarie in anny wise notw^standing; annye woman being a s'v*nte prentice or slave as is aforesaide being marryed within thage of xx" yeres withowt the assent of her M' untill she shall accomplisshc and come to the sayde age of twentie yeres onelie excepted.

Be it allso enacted that all Leprouse and poore beddred creatures what so ever theie be maye at their owne libertie remayne and contynewe in such howses appointed for Leprous or beddrede people as theie now be in; and shall not be compelled to repaire in anny other countreis or places by the vertewe of this Acte; anny thing therin conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding; And that allso it shalbe lefull unto the saide Leapo™ and beddrede people for their better Reliefs to appointe their Prodto' or Prodlo", so there be not appointed above the nombre of twoo parsons for anny one howse of Leapo's and beddrede people, to gather the charitable Aimes of all such Inhabit'untf as shalbe wlhin the compace of foure myles of anny of the said howses of Leprous and beddrede parsons.

And be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to everye psone to whome anny parsone in fourme abovesaide shalbe adjudged as Slave to putt a rynge of Iron abowt his Necke Arme or his Legge for a more knowledge and suretie of the kepinge of him; and that yf any parsone or psons doo take or helpp to take anny suche bonde of Iron from anny suche Slave, that then everie parsone so doing withowt the Lycence or assent of his M' shall forfaite for everie suche defaulte Ten Poundes ster.

Be it further enacted that this pnt Acte shall before the first daie of Marche next cominge be openlie proclaymed in everie Cide Corporate Towne and Markett towne, uppon the Markett daie, and allso from thensfurthe shall yerelie be redde in everie Shiere openlie in twoo generall Quarter Sessions of the peaxe, that is to saie, at the generall Quarter Sessions after Mydsomer and the generall Quarter Sessions next after Christemas, to thintent that everie psone maye have knowledge therof; and that this Acte shall endure unto thend of the next pliament.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted that it shalbe lawfull to the Lorde Ch*uncelo' of Englande or the Lorde Kepar of the greate Seale for the tyme being at their discretions to griunte Comissions under the greate Seale of Englande to everie or any parsone or parsons that hath or shall have his or their Howses or Barnes bumtt, or suche losses, to gather the relief and charitie of other for their ayde and helpe of his or their losses decaye or hyndr*unce as in tymes past hath byn used; anny thing conteyned in this Acte notwithstanding.

1 or O. • The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1547-

1° Edw. VI. c. 4, 5.

9

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for Tenures holden in Capite.

WHERE before this tyme ambiguities questions and doubtes have been moved and stirred in divers and sondrie the Doubt* * to ^ Kings Courtes of Recorde [whither'] suche Honno" Castellf Manno" Landes Tenementf and other heredytamentf Land* coming to ar holden of the King in Capite which anny his lovinge Subgectf do holde by Knightf s'vice Socage or other s'vices of ^AtuundwJ^ the King as of his Duchies Earldomes Baronies Hono" Castellf Manno" Landes Tefttf Fees and Seignories, which have come to thandes and possession of diverse of his Highnes moste noble progeinto" by attayndo' of Treasone misprision of treason attayndors of premunire and provision had and doon by acte of pliament by verdite confession conviction or utlagarye, and Offices or no Offices thereuppon founde, or by the dissoluc&n surrendre or giving upp to the King or to anny his noble progeinto" of anny Religious or Ecctiasticall howses or places, or of anny Manno"

Landes Tenementf and other hereditamentf to anny of the same Religious or Ecdiasiicall howses or places in

anny wise apptayninge or belonging, or no, By means of which doubts so moved his saide humble and obedyent

Subgectf and Tenauntf have been heretofore muche unquieted molested and greyed : Wherfore the King o' Soveraigne

I.crde mynding and entierlie desiring the quietnes of his saide Subgectf and that the certaintie of his Lawes in that

I ihalfe might be knowen and declared to his saide loving Subgectf, For a playne declarac&n and resoluc&n to be had of

for and conceminge the premisses, at the humble petic&n and suite of the Lordes and Comens in this pnt plament

assembled, dothe ordeyne declare and enafte by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporal! and of the C5mens in this

pnt pliament assembled and by thauctoriiie of the same, that all suche Honno" Castellf Manno" Landes Tenementf L»nd*JioWenofthe

and other hereditamentf and everie of them, wcl> now be or at anny tyme hereafter shalbe holden of the King or of Service, 4c. a* of

anny of his heires or successo" by anny of his saide Subgectf by Knightf s'vice socage or otherwise as of anny of

his or theire Dukedomes Earledomes Baronyes Castellf Manno" Landes Tents Fees or Seignories, which be come to by Attainder, or

the King or his moste noble progenito" or hereafter shall come to the King his heirf or Successo" by meanes of anny Keligiou»nHou*e*

suche attayndo' conviction utlagarye or of anny such dissoluc&n surrendre or giving upp of anny religious or shall not be deemed

ecctiasticall howses or places or of anny Manno" Landes Tents or hereditamentf to anny of the saide religious or Capite.

ecctiasticall howses or places in anny wise belonging or apptayninge, shall not fromhensfurthe be adjudged demed taken

or construed to anny Intent construction or purpose to be holden in Capite or [as tenure ’ ] in Capite: Anny ambiguitys

question or dowbte heretofore moved to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Providid allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that this Acte or anny thing therin conteyned shall Not to affea not in anny wise be prejudiciall ne hurtfull to the King his heires or Successo", to for or concerninge anny wardeshipp Livereye primer seasone fyne for allyenac&n, or to or for anny other profitt or advantage which now is come or King in Chief hereafter shall or maye come fall or growe to the King his heires or Successo" by or from anny parsone or parsons " °J( £jf* f^ieri"’ which now doth or hereafter shall hold anny Honno" Seignories Castellf Manno" Landes Tents or other hereditamentf Po«*e»*ion». of the King in Chief as of his parsone or of anny other his auncyent possessions, and being not come to the King by anny suche attayndo' confession conviction utlagarye dissolution giving upp or surrender as be abovesaide.

Provided allso and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that this pnt Acte or anny thing therin conteyned or specified shall not in anny wise or by anny meanes give anny advantage Libertie or profitt to anny Tenaunt or Owner in Fee Symple of anny Honno" Manno" Landes Tents or other hereditamentf, which have heretofore sued anny special! or general Livereye or ouster lemayne owt of thandes of the King or of anny his noble progenito" of anny Hono" Manno" Landes Tents or other hereditamentf, by what teno' or s'vice theie were or be holden, or that have or shall confesse by anny matter of Recorde anny teno' in chief of the King; But that theie their heires and assignes shall have and holde the same Manno" Landes Teiitf and other hereditamentf in lyke manner and so'me as theie did before the making of this Acte, and as thoughe this pnt Acte had never been had ne made, anny thing above declared and enacted to the contrarie notwithstanding.

III.

Nor to extend to Cue* of Livery »ucd, or Tenure confetied by Record.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte that no Horses shalbe conveyed owt of this Realme and other the Kings dominions withowt Lyeence.

WHERE before this tyme divers of the Kings Subgectf and namclie of the northe pries of this Realme aswell Evilojfthe in tyme of peace as of Warre have conveyed solde given and delivered out of this Realme aswell into ofTforw*0" Scotlande as into other forreine Realmes beyonde the See manny and divers greate multitude of horsses geldingf and mares, which have byn thought aswell great occac&n strengthe and boldenes to the Scottishemen and other the Kings forren enemies having in possession the same horsses geldyngf and mares in tyme of Warre to invade this Realme as allso a greate dekaye of the good breede of horses and mares which before this tyme hath byn within this Realme, to the greate detryment and hynder*unce of the Kings poore Subgectf towardes the defence of this Realme and other his Dominions : For remedie wherof Be it therfore enacted by o' Soveraigne Lorde the King [and by the Comons1] in this pnt pliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That yf anny parsone or parsons after the first daie of Januarye

* wheiiher O. 4 a tenure 0.

’ So in the Original Act, which appears to have been first introduced in the House of Lords, and thence sent to the Commons, who added Three Provisoes, to which the Lords assented.

D

10

1° Edw.VI. c. 5.

A.D.\54>7

Horses shall not be exported, See. to Scotland, or to Foreign Parts, except by the King's Licence;

Penalty

And One Year’s Imprisonment.

II.

Wardens of the Marches and Justices of Peace may esquire ol Offences:

Offenders may be arrested.

III.

Licences to export under the King's Seals, or by Persons authorized thereto.

next cominge doo sell exchange give conveye or deliver into the Realme of Scotelande to the use of any Scotdsheman, or doo carrye give exchange sell sende conveye or deliver into anny place beyond the See owt of this Realme or the Dominions of the same, anny horse gelding or mare without speciall lycence therfore to be opteyned of the Kings Highnes or of his heires under the greate Seale of this Realme or under the privy Signet, or yf any parsone or parsons after the saide first daie of January doo sell exch*nge give or deliver to anny Scottisheman within this Realme of Englande or Wales the Towne of Barwyk or the Marches of the same to thintent to be conveyed into Scotelande anny horse gelding or mare, or do conveye or carrie anny horse mare or gelding into anny forreine pries beyonde the See, without lyk speciall lycence opteyned of the Kings Highnes or of his heires under the greate Seale or privey Signate as is aforesaide, That then the same parsone and parsones so offending contrary to this Acte shall loose and forfaicte to o' Soveraigne Lorde and his heires the same horse mare or gelding so carryed and conveyed, and shall allso loose and forfaicte the Some of fourtie Poundes for everie suche horse gelding or mare so to be conveighed and carryed in fourme aforesaide, wherof the one moitye to be to the King and thother moitie to him or them that will sewe for the same by informaeftn action of debte or detynewe in anny of the Kings Courtes of Recorde in which suite no wager of Lawe essoyne ne protection shalbe allowed, and that allso all and everie parsone and parsones so offending contrarie to this Acte shall suffer emprisonement by the space of one whole Yere.

And be it further enacted by thauctoririe aforesaide, that it shalbe lefull aswell to the Warden and Wardens of the East West and Myddle Marches for the tyme being in their warden Courtes, as allso to all and every the Kings Justices of Peaxe in everie Shiere aswell in Englonde as in Wales in their Quarter Sessions, to enquiere of all and everie Offence or Offences hereafter to be ppetrated comitted or doon contrarie to this Acte; And that it shalbe lefull to all and everie parsone and parsons being the Kings Subgectf to arreste and imprisone everie Scottisheman and all and everie other parsone and parsons which shall leade or convey contrarie to the meaninge of this Acte anny suche horse gelding or mare owt of this Realme into the saide Realme of Scotelande or into anny other forren place beyonde the See, other then suche psons as hereafter shall have sufficient warr*unte by or from the Kings Highnes or his heires under his or their greate Seale or Privey Signet according to the meaninge of this Acte.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoririe aforesaid, that yf the King o' Soveraigne Lorde his heirs or Successo" at anny tyme hereafter under his greate Seale or Privye Signet do give Lycence to anny parsone or parsons to carrie or convey anny horses mares or geldingf into Scotlande or into anny pries beyonde the See, or ells doo give aucthoririe power or comaundement to anny parsone or parsons by Warr*unte under the Kings greate Seale to lycence anny other parsone or parsons to carrye or conveye anny horses mares or geldingf into Scotelande or into anny pries beyonde the See, That then it shalbe lefull aswell to all and singuler parsone and parsons having suche lycence under the Kings great Seale or Privye Signet, as to all and everye other parsone and parsons having lycence in writing under the Seale of suche parsone or parsons to whome the King shall give aucthoririe power and comaundment in fourme abovesaide to lycence other parsone or parsons to carrie or conveighe anny horses mares or geldingf into Scotelande or into anny pries beyonde the See, to carrye or conveighe suche nombre of horses geldingf and mares or anny of them into Scotelande or into anny of the pries beyonde the See as shalbe mentioned in anny suche lycence as is before specified, anny thing mentioned in this Acte to the contrary in anny wise notwithstanding.

IV.

Proviso for Honei for Wars in Scotland, 8cc.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoririe aforesaide that this Acte ne anny thing therin conteyned shall in anny wise extend to anny parsone or parsons which at anny tyme hereafter shall conveighe anny horse mare or gelding into Scotelande, or into anny other forreyne ptes beyond the See, to s've the King in his Warres w"* the same horses mares or geldingf, anny thing mentioned in this Adfe to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

V.

Number of Horses exported to Scotland shall be registered by the Wardens, and indorsed on each Licence.

And to the intent the Kings Ma" shall not hereafter be deceived in the nombre of suche horses mares or geldingf which hereafter shalbe carryed and conveyed into Scotelande ne that the pries w1* hereafter shall obteyne anny Licence by force of this ASe for the cariage or conveyaunce of anny horses mares or geldingf to be carried and conveyed into Scotelande -, be it therfore enacted by the aucthoririe aforesaide, that all and everie suche parsone and parsons which hereafter shalbe lycenced according to this Acte to carrye or convey anny horses mares or geldingf into Scotelande shall before the same carriage or conveyaunce, uppon the payne of the forfaiture of the said horse mare or geldynge or the dowble vallewe therof wherof the one moitye to be to the King and thother moitye to him or them that will sewe for the same by suche like action as before is lymited in this Acte, shewe his or their saide lycence to one of the three Wardens of the three Marches of Englande, to the intent that one of the said Wardens shall cawse the nombre of the said horses mares or geldingf so lycenced to be conveyed into Scotelande not onlie to be kalendarde in a book to remayne in his owne custodie but allso to be indorsed and written on the backe syde of the saide lycence and the same endorsement to be signed w"1 the hande of the saide Warden.

VI. Provided allwaies that it shalbe lefull to everie of the Kings Subjects that shall passe over beyonde the See to

Penons exporting shipp and carrye with them horses or geldingf for their onelie occupacbn in their journeys and not to thintent to sell Hones for their the same beyonde the Sea, And that intent to be judged by the othe of him or them that so will carry over anny

horse or gelding, which othe shalbe taken before the Custumers or their Deputies or Searcher of everie suche Porte where the same horse or gelding shalbe shipped before the shipping therof.

VII. ( ') Provided allwaies that the Warden of the Five Portes now being or hereafter to be maye yerehe at his pleasure

The Warden of the . . , _ . . . ?. • r •

Cinque Ports may give sixe horses or geldingf and no more within one yere at one or divers times uppon like payne as is aforesaid, to

Sorses^&c* annY P8180116 or parsons in the pries beyonde the Seas being in amitye with the Kings Highnes or his successo"}

This Acte or anny thing therin to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 The following Three Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in One Schedule.

A.D. 1547-

1° Edw.VI. c.5,6

11

Providko allsoo that this Afle nor anny thing therin mentioned be in anny wise hurtefull or prejudicyall to the Maister of the Kings Horses now and hereafter to be, for suche things and coinodides as shall and doo conceme his Office; Anny thing in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided allso that it shalbe lawfull to anny of the Kings Subjects to carrye or sende into anny ptes beyonde the See anny mares wherof the price of anny one mare so to be carryed dothe not exceede Tenne Shillingf, in suche and lyke manner as mares being of the price of sixe shillingf eight pence have been or might have byn conveyed over the Sees before the making of this Acte; anny thing in this Acte or in anny other Acte or Acts heretofore made to the contrarie heros notw^standing.

VIII. Proviso for the Muter of the King's Hone*.

IX.

Marti not exceeding ios. Value may be exported.

CHAPTER VL An Acte for the contynuance of making of Woosted Yame in Norff.

WHERE the greatest and almost the hole nombre of the poore Inhabit*untf of the Countie of Norff and the Citie of Norwiche be and have been heretofore for a greate tyme mayntayned and gotton their living by Spyninge of the Woollf growing in the saide Countie of Norff uppon the rocke into yame, and by all the said tyme have used to have their accesse to c5mon markettf within the saide Countie and Citie to buye their woollf there to be spoonne as is aforesaide of certaine parsons called Retaylers of the same Woolf, by eight penny worth and twelve pennywo'the at one tyme or there abowte. And have not used to buye ne can buye their saide woollf of the breders of the same woollf by suche small parcellf, aswell for that the said breders of the saide woollf will not sell their saide woollf by suche small pcellf as also for that the most pte of the saide poore p6ons dwel farre of from the said breders of the saide woollf: And forasmuche as by an Acte of pliament made in the xxxvijth yere of the reigne of the noble King of famous memoire Henry theight all parsons be restrayned uppon a greate payne to buye anny wollf to sell the same againe Excepte marchauntf of the Staple for the onelie provision of the Staple, as in the saide Acte amonge other things more at large it is conteyned; Therfore the said Retailers of Woollf in the saide Countie of Norff and Citie of Norwiche which heretofore have used to buye woollf and to sell them againe to the saide poore parsons in overt market f as is aforesaide have, syns the making of the saide Estatute in exchewing the daungier and payne provided by the same, ceassed and lefte to buye the saide Woollf for the relief of the saide poore parsons; By reasone wherof the same poore psons inhabiting within the saide Countie of Norff and Citie of Norwiche that hath heretofore byn Spynners and mayntayned by Spyninge of the saide Woollf be now unoccupied and unset aworke and a greate nomber of them enforced to begge for lacke of wo'ke, to the utter decaye and ruyne of the poore people of the saide Countie and Citie and the Inhabyt*untf therof onles some remedie be therin provided: In considerscbn wherof it may please the Kings moste Royall Ma,e by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt pliament assembled and by aucthoritie of the same, that all and everie parsone and parsons dwelling and inhabiting within the said Conntie of Norff and Citie of Norwiche or in either of them, by his or them selfs or by his or their facto' serv*unte or sVuntf, may lawfullie from hensfurth without payne forfaiture daungier or breach of anny Lawe or ordyn*unce [to*] buye and bargayne woollf and take and make provision to buye or bargayne woollf, growing or that shall grow onelie within the saide Countie of Norff, in as large and lyke manner and so'me as the same Inhabyt*untf within the saide Countie and Citie might and did use to doo before the making of the saide Acte of Parlament, and as the saide Acte of plament had neuer byn hadd or made: So that the same parsone and parsons so buyinge or bargayninge or taking promesse to buye or bargayne the said woollf doo sell and retaile the same againe in the Comon markett or other open place within the saide Countie of Norff or Citie of Norwiche to anny parsone or parsons at tneire pleasure and Libertie that will buye the same or any pcell therof, dwelling and inhabiting w^in the saide Countie and Citie of Norwiche, or anny of them that shall or will spynne the same within the said Countie of Norff and Citie of Norwiche or anny of them -, the said former Acte or anny Article dawse or Sentence therin conteyned or anny other Acte or Actes Lawe or Ordyn'unce heretofore made to the contrarie therof in anny wise notwithstanding.

And where in the plament holden at Westmestre the xxxiij,b yere of the Regne of our saide late Soveraigne Lorde the King, It was amongest other things enacted thus as ensuethe or lyke in effecte, That is to saie, that no parsone or parsons fromhensfurthe shoulde buye ne cawse to be bought within the saide Cine of Norwiche or Countie of Norff anny yame [sponne of the rocke1] called worsted yame the which shoulde then after that be spoone w,hin the said Countie or Citie, But suche parsone or parsons being wevers [of wo'sted Russellf Stamyn Sayes and suche other like clothes within the said Citie and Countie1] that shoulde weave or wo'k or cawse to be woven or wrought [in wo'sted Stamyn Russellf Sayes or suche other like clothes4] the saide yam so bought or cawsed to be bought within the said Citie or Countie, in the Citie of Norwiche or in some markett Towne within the saide Countie, uppon the payne and forfaiture for everie pownde weight of the saide Yame called wo'sted yame so bought w^in the saide Countie or Citie and not woven or wrought as is aforesaide within the said Citie or Countie, fourtie shillingf the one halfe therof to be to the King o' Soveraigne Lorde and thother halfe therof to be to him or them that shoulde then after that sewe for the same by bill Informacbn action of debte or otherwise in anny Courte of

Purchase of Wool by the Poor of Norwich for •pinninginto Yarn)

St. 37 H. VIII. c. ij. agiintt regrating of Wooli) whereby •uch purchase ia prevented.

Persons dwelling in Norwich or Norfolk may buy Norfolk Wool, and aell it again in open Market there.

n.

Recital of Stat.

S3 H. VIII. c. 6. against Sale of Worsted Yarn in Norwich or Norfolk to any but Wearers i

* St in Original A8.

‘ or Artificers St. 33 Hen. Fill. c. 16.

' Thru IVordt art not in tht Statute 33 Hen. Fill. e. 16.

d

12

1° Edw. VI. c. 6, 7.

A.D. 1547.

and against • I of Yarn;

exporting of Wonted "

The said Act made perpetual.

III.

Hat-makers may buy certain Yarn.

recorde, in which said action bill or Informac&n no essoigne wager of lawe forren plee or protection should bee allowed: And where it is allso ordeyned in the saide Acte that yf anny parsone or parsons did after the first daye of Apryll then next after the saide Acte ensuinge shipp or carrye or conveye or cawse to be shipped to carrye or convey into the pties beyonde the Sea or did carrye or convaye into the pties beyonde the Se anny yame called worsted yame not made or wrought in clothe so that suche Yame were spoonne within this Realme, That then everie parsone and parsons so shipping conveying or carryinge or cawsing suche Yarne so to be shipped carryed and conveyed shoulde forfaite for everie pownde of wo'sted yarne so shipped conveyed or carryed fourtie Shillingf, the one half therof to be to or saide Soveraigne the King and thother halfe therof to him or them that shoulde sewe for the same by bill Informac&n or action of debte in anny of the Kings Courtes of Recorde; as in the saide Acte the same or the like in effecte more playnlie dothe and maye appere; And forasmuche as the said Acte was made and ordeyned to contynue and endure untill the plament then after that next ensuinge, and hath byn sithens by other general! Actes contynued until this pnt plament, and was not by anny of the saide Actes ordeyned to contynue for ever; It maye now please the King his moste excellent Ma'1* with thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt plament assembled and by aucthoritie of the same, that all the afore recited Acte for yarne with all the wordes forfeitures paynes and Sentencf before recited as the same is before recited and declared maye from hensfurthe be enacted to contynewe and to be taken for an Acte to contynewc for ever to all Intentf and purposes according to the saide wordes Sentences and the purpo'te therof before in this Acte recited.

Provided allwaie that it shalbe lefull to everie parsone and parsons being a hatte maker or hatte makers dwelling within the saide Citie of Norwich to buye suche of the saide wo'stede yarne as is called and knowen by the name of myddle uffe yarne as theie and everie of them have heretofore doon and used to doo,- so that the same myddle uffe yarne so bought by the saide hattemakers or hattemaker be wrought in hattf or employed to hatte-making within the saide Citie; anny thing before recited to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

EW1 of the Discontinuance of Actions by Demise of the Crown

Suits of Parties shall not be discontinued by Demise of the Crown.

Variance of the King's Names, in Process subsequent to the Writ, shall not prejudice.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the contynuaunce of Actions after the deathe of anny King of this Realme.

WHERE the Kings Subgectf heretofore have to their greate costes charges and expences prosecuted and sued divers and sondrie actions asweil reall & psonall as all other actions mixte or otherwise in the Kings Ma"* Courtes and other Courtes of Recorde not onelie by writtf but allso by playnte or bills, which actions suits bills and playntf by the deathe or demise of the Kings of this Realme have been discontinued and the pties in everie suche actions suits bills and playntf therby have byn put withowt daye; wherby the demaundauntf playntiff and acto" in everie suche action and suite were compelled and driven by thordre of the Lawes of this Realme for their further remedye to comence and begynne againe his or their saide Actions Suits or Playntf or ells to prosecute and sewe Resomons attachementf scire facias or suche other like processe to revive his or theire saide actions suits or playntf, which was not onelie to their greate costes charges expences hynder'uncf and delaye of their cawses and suits but allso a great lett and hynderaunce of Justice: For reformacbn wherof Be it ordeyned established and enacted by the King or Soveraigne Lorde and the Lordes and Comons in this pnt plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That from hensfo'the by the deathe or demise of the Kings Ma" that now is (whose life Allmightie God longe preserve kepe and mayntayne in his moste (toyall estate) nor by the deathe or demise of anny that hereafter shalbe King of this Realme, anny action suite bill or playnte now or that hereafter shall depende birwene ptie and ptie in anny of the Courtes aforesaid shall not in anny wise be discontinued or putt without daie; But that the processe pleat demurrers and contynuances in everie Action Actions Suits Bills or Pleyntf which now or that hereafter shall depende, shall stande good and effectual! and be prosecuted and sued so'the in suche manner and so'me and in the same estate condicion and order as yf the same King had lyved or continued in full Life; the deathe or demyse hereafter of anny King of this Realme notwithstanding : And that all and all manner of judicial! processe chat hereafter shalbe had or pursued, in the tyme of the Reigne of anny other King [then 1 ] reigned at the tyme of thep'suite of the original! or former processe, shalbe made in the name of the King that for the tyme shall reigne and be King of this Reahne, and that varyaunce touching the same processe bitwene the names of the Kings shall not be in anny wise material! as conceminge anny defalte to be alledged or objected therfore.

Asaiscs *&c shall And allso be it further established and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that all and every assise of novel disseison not be discontinued assise of mortdauncesto' Juris utru and attaynt, which at anny tyme hereafter shalbe arraigned comenced or sued before of Justices&C anny of the Kings Justices of Assise, shall not from hensfurthe be discontinued or putt withowt daye by reasone of

deathe newe Comission association or not cominge of the same Justices of Assise or anny of them, but shall stande good and effectuall in the Lawe to all Intentf constructions and purposes, The deathe newe Cdmission association or not cominge of the same Justices or anny of them in anny wise notwithstanding.

III.

Suits shall not abate by Plaintiff's obtaining Dignity or Titles.

And over that be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that albeit anny demaundaunt or playntife in anny manner of action bill or suite shall fortune to be made or created Duke Archebusshopp Marques Earle Viscount Baron Busshopp Knight Justice of the one benche or of thother or Sergeaunt at Lawe, depending the same action,

' St in Original jilt.—than Old Printed Capita.

A.D. 1547

1° Edw.VI. c.T, 8,

13

bill or suite, yet that notwithstanding that no writt action or suite shall for suche cawse in anny wise be abatable or abated but shall remayne in lyke force goodnes and strengthe as the same was before; anny lawe or usage to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

And allso be it ordeynid and enacted by thauctoride aforesaide that albeit anny parsone or parsons being Justice of Assise Justice of Gaole deliverey or Justice of Peace within anny of the Kings dominions, or being in anny other of the Kings Comissions what so ever, shall fortune to be made or created Duke Archebusshop Marques Earle Viscounte Baron Busshopp Knight Justice of the one bench or of thother Sergeaunt at Lawe or Shrief, yet that notwithstanding he and theie shall remayne Justice and Comissioner, and have full power and aucthoritie to execute the same in lyke manner and so'me as he or theie might or ought to have doon before the same.

And be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoride aforesaide that in all cases where anny parsone or parsons heretofore have byn or hereafter shalbe founde giltye of anny manier of Treasone murder manslaughter rape or other fellony what so ever, for the which Judgement of deathe shoulde or maye ensue, and shalbe repryed to prysone withowt Judgement at that tyme given against him her or them so founde giltye. That those parsons that anny tyme hereafter shall by the Kings Ires patentf be assigned Justices to deliver the Gaole where anny suche parsone or parsons founde gilrie shall remayne, shall have full power and aucthoritie to give Judgement of deathe against suche parsone so founde gltyie and repryed, as the same Justices before whome suche parson or parsons was or were founde giltye might have doon yf their Comission of Gaole deliverye had remayned and conytnued in full force and Strengthe. And over that, that no manner of processe or Suite made sued or had before any Justices of Assise Gaole deliverye Oyer and Terminer Justice of peace or other of the Kings Comissioners shall ne in anny wise be discontinued by the making and publishing of anny new Comission or assosiactm, or by alteryng of the names of the Justices of Assise Gaole deliverye Oyer and Terminer Justices of Peace or other the Kings Comissioners, But that the newe Justices of Assise Gaole deliverye and of the Peace and other Comissioners maye procede in everie bihalfe as yf the Old Comissions and Justices and Comissioners had still remayned and contynued not altered.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for Confirmation of Ires Patentf.

WHERE the Kings moste excellent Hyghnes sithen the xxviij"’ daie of Januarye in the first yere of his Ma"* Reigne, aswell uppon divers and sondrie good considerations his Mau spiallie movinge as allso otherwise, hath bargayned solde exchaunged given restored and gr*unted by his Gracf severall Ires patentf Indentures or other writings sealed under his Highnes greate Seale of Englande, the Seale of his Duchie of Lancaster and the Seale of the Courte of Augmentation and the Revenues of his Crowne or anny of them aswell, to bodies politike and corporate as to divers and sondrie of his loving and obedyent Subgectf, divers and sondrie honno" Castellf Manno" Landes Tenementf Rents Revercbns s'vicf psonnages appropriated advousons Tythes oblacons pencons porcons ff*unchesies p‘vilegf Liberties and other heredytamentf comodities and profittf in fee Symple fee tayle for tearme of life or lives or for tearme of yeres, as in the same severall Ires patentf Indentures and other writings is mentioned and declared; In avoyding disturbing hurting or hyndering of the saide severall Ires patentf Indentures and other writings, and of the saide Manno" Landes Tenementf hereditamentf and other things in them conteyned, sondrie and manny ambiguities dowtes and questions have or might hereafter happen to be moved objected alledged invented procured or stirred, aswell for misnaminge misrecitall or non recitall of anny of the same Honno" Castellf Manno" Landes Tenementf and other the premises or anny pcell therof, or for lacke of fynding of Offices or Inquisitions of and in the premisses wherby the tytle of the Kings Highnes therin ought to have been founde before the making of the same Ires patentf or other writings, or for misrecitall or non recitall of Leases therof before made aswell of Recorde as not of Recorde, or for lacke of the certentie miscasting rating or setting furthe of the yerelie valewes and Rates of the premisses or of the yerelie Rents res'ved of and for the premisses or anny pcell therof mentioned or conteyned in anny of the saide Ires patentf or other writings, or for that the premisses be or anny pte therof is vallewed to a more or lesse vallewe in the saide Ires patentf or writings than the saide Honno" Manno" Landes Tenementf and other the premises than were or shalbe in yerelie vallewe, or for misnaminge of the Townes Hamelettf pishes or Counties where the same Honno" Castellf Manno" Landes Tenementf Rents hereditamentf and other the pmisses and everie pcell therof or anny pcell therof lyen or been, or for lacke of the trewe naminge of the natures kvndes sortis and quantities of the saide possessions or hereditamentf or anny pcell therof, or for lacke of the trewe naminge of the corporation of the same bodies politike or corporate, or for lacke of atto'nement Livereye or Season, or for misnaminge of anny of the late Tenauntf or Fermo" of the same premisses so solde given gr*unted or exchanged, as for divers and sondrie other Suggestions and Surmises not comprised in the saide tres patentf, whiche hereafter might happen to be moved surmised or procured against the same tres patentf: For remedie and reformation whereof, Be it ordeyned and enacted by the Kings moste excellent Highnes with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this pnt pliainent assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that aswell all and everie the saide tres patentf Indentures and other writings and everie of them, sealed with or under the Seale or Seales above named or anny of them, made or gr*unted by the Kings Highnes sithens the xxviiju‘ daie of January last past, as allso all and singuler his Graces tres patentf Indentures and other writings hereafter during his Highnes Life (which o' I.orde longe contynue) to be had made or gr’unted

E

IV. Preferment of Justice* of Assise, he. (Kail not abate their Commission.

V.

Succeeding Justice* of Auise, he. may give Judgement against Felon* reprieved by former Justice*.

New Commission* of A*site, he. shall

not discontinue any Suit, he.

Certain Grant* of the King liable to Doubts from Misrecitall, he.

All Crants of the King declared valid, notwithstanding such Doubts, he.

14

1° Edw.VI. c. 8,9.

A.D. 1547

aith or under anny of the Seales abovesaid to anny bodie politike or corporate or to anny other parsone or psons, of anny Honno" Castellf Manno'- Landes Tenementf Rents revercons §vices psonages Tythes pencons porcons advousons nolacons presentations Fraunchesies Liberties, and other hereditamentf comodities possessions and proffittf of what Kynd nature or qualitie so ever theie or anny of them be is or shalbe, or by what so ever name or names theie or anny of them be is or shalbe named knowen or reputed, shall stande and be taken reputed and judged goode sure pfitte effectuall and avaylable in the Lawe, during the States in them lymited and specified, to all Intentf respects constructions uni purposes against the King his heires [or1] Successo", without anny confirmation Lycence dispensation or tolleracon of the King his heires or Successo", anny the Cawses or matters above mentioned conteyned; or hereafter during his saide Highnes Life to be conteyned had or made, in anny suche Ires patentf Indentures or other wriringf by the King o' Soveraigne Lorde to the contrarie in anny wise no twr standing.

II.

Not to extend to Grants of Offices abolished, &c.

Grants of Lands traversed;

Illegal Leases.

Provided allwaie that this Acte ne anny thing therin conteyned shall not in anny wise extende to revive or make good any Ires patentf, made of anny Office or Offices to anny Comptroller Custumer Alneger or Sercho', ne to anny fres patentf of the gr'unte of anny other Office or Offices heretofore graunted or made by or saide Soveraigne Lorde the King, which now is or be or at anny tyme heretofore have byn adnichilated determyned or made voyd by Judgement by aucthoritie of plament or decree; nor to anny patent to be made to anny parsone or parsons for tearme of Yeres, or during the minoritie of anny heire, of or in anny Manno" Landes or Tenementf wherof anny travers hereafter shalbe tendred within three monethes after anny Office founde and certified into anny of the Kings Courts of Recorde; ne to anny Leases or gfuntf of anny Manno" Landec or Tenementf of or saide Soveraigne Lordes hereafter to be made under anny of the Seales of the Courtes aforesaide, contrarie to the Lymitacon ordyn’unce provision establishement and aucthoritie of the same Courtes ; anny thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

III.

Nor to enlarge Patents of Offices.

Provided allso and be it enacted that this Acte nor anny thing therin conteyned shall not extende to make anny tres patentf of anny Office or Offices to be of anny other effecte force or strength then the same Ires patentf were or shoulde have byn before the making of this Acte.

Proviso(’) Provided allwaie and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and singuler suche patentees gr"untees Satisfaction by and donnees, as anny tyme hereafter during the lyfe of o' saide Soueraine Lorde (wch Allmightie God longe pres've) shall being1"* greater^* fortune to optavne anny Castellf Manno" Landes Teiitf tythes pencons porcons or other heredytamentf of the gifte

Value than specified gr’unte sale or exch'unge of the Kings Ma", or of the onelye gyfte of the Kings Ma,e of his moste liberall disposition a their Grants. anj not which at the daie of the date of the Ires patentf therof made shalbe of more or better yerelie vallewe

to the King in yerelie Rent and Ferme then shalbe conteyned mentyoned or specefied in anny suche ires patentf and pticulers therof made by the pticuler Surveyo' or Surveyo" therof, and in such Bill or Bills as shalbe signed and sealed wll‘ the hande or handes of the patentee or patentees therof, to be exhibited to the Kinges Ma,c or his Officer or Officers within whose Surveye the saide Mann" Landes and Tenementf and other the phnisses or anny pte therof shalbe or within anny of them, which bill shalbe signed sealed hadd and made as is aforesaide before anny bill shalbe therof signed by the Kings Ma,e, That then everye of the saide patentees gr*untees and donnees their heirs executo" or administrate", within one yere nexte after dewe proofe and decree therof made and had in the Courte within whose Surveye the same Castellf Manno" Landes Tenementf and other the premisses or any pcell therof before the saide gyftf and gr'untf were, shall content and paye to the King for the same overplus aDd more vallewe of the same Manno" Landes Teiitf tythes pencons porcons and other heredytamentf to him solde or exchanged after suche rate as other Landes and Teiitf were before to him solde or exch'unged; And for the overplus and more vallewe of suche Landes and Tenementf as shall happen to be given by the Kings Ma" and not solde as is abovesaide, The saide patentee his heires executo" or administrato" shall content and paye to the King after the rate of twentie yeres purchasse; So that the same proofe and decree be had and made, in manner and so'me abovesaide, within Tenne yeres next after the date of the saide tres patentf.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the uniting of certaine Churches wthin the Citie of Yorcke.

Decay of Benefices TT THERE in the auncyent Citie of Yorcke and Suburbes of the same there is manny pishe Churches which in the City of York j \\ heretofore, the same being well inhabited and replenished with people, was good and honnest Livingf for learned lncumbentf, by reasone of the Privye Tythes of the riche march’untf and of the Offeryngf of a greate multitude which Lyvingf, is now so muche decayed by the ruyne and decaye of the saide Citie and of the trade of marclfundise there that the Revenues and proffittf of divers of the same benefices ar at this pnt not above the clere yerelie vallewe of xxvj s. viij d. So that a greate sorte of them ar not competent and honnest Livinge lor a good C-uraie, Yea and ne psone will take the Cure but that of necessitie there is some Ch"untrie preist or cllf some late religious parsone being a Stipendarye taken and appointed to the saide Cure and benefice, wc*1 for the moste pte ar unlearned and verie ignoraunte parsons, not liable to doo anny pte of their dewties; By reasone wherof the saide Citie is not ouelie replenished with blynde guydes and [ pasturesJ] but allso the people muche kepte in ignoraunce aswell of their dewties towarde God as allso towardes the Kings Ma" and the comon wealthe of this Realme, and to the greate daunger of their sowles: In consideration wherof and for the better Relief and Order of the saide Citie, It maye

1 and 0. 2 The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * Pastors 0.

A.D. 1547,

1° Edw. VI. c. 9, 10.

15

please the Kings Ma" by thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this pint plament assembled and The Mayor, Set

by thauctoritie of the same. That from hensfurthe it shalbe lawful to the Mayo' and Recorder of the saide Citie, and to the t^Ordinary, miy

Ordinarye or his Deputie, and Sure Justices of peaxe in the saide Citie, to unite and knitt togither the said pishes into unite Pimhe. there;

a fewer nombre. That is to witt so manye of the saide pishes into one pishe as to them shalbe thought convcnyent to

be a Livynge for one honnest Incumbent, So the dere yerelie vallewe of one pishe excede not twentie pound by

yere. And so to procede throughe the saide Citie and Suburbes of the same; And that it shalbe lawfull for the saide P£|' ^own

Mayo' Recorder and Aldermen to pull downe the Churches which theie shall thincke superfluouse in the saide Citie

and Suburbes of the same and to bestowe the same towarde the Repacons and enlargement of the other Churches,

of the bridgf in the saide Citie, and to the Reliefe of the poore people: And further that the saide Mayo' ^dvowion*

Recorder Ordinarie or his Deputie and Sixe Justices of peace being Aldermen shall allotte and appointe the presentment

and pronage of the [Churches1] so united, to the patrons of all the Churches so knitt in one pishe, that theie may

make their presentmentf by tume everie one according to their quantitye of his former pronage.

Pkovided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That all suche Incumbentf of the Churches aforesaide Allowances to that shalbe putt downe by vertewe of this acte shall have the yerelie vallewe of their benefices after the rate theie churehM puUed doo paye Tenthes, during their Lives, so theye will doo s'vice therfore in the Churche appointed for the pishe down.

Churche according to their former dewties, and yf theie refuse to se've then theye onelie during their Lives to have the thirde pte of the vallewe as is aforesaide, And to be paide at the handes of the Incumbent of the pishe Churche to be appointed.

(*) Provided allso and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the Incumbentf of everye suche Church which by Vro^}^ Tenth vertewe of this Acte shalbe made and ordeyned for the pishe Churche, and whereunto anny other pishe or pishes shalbe and Firit Fruit* united, shall after the unyon therof yerelie paye the Tenthes to be dewe for the same to the Kings Ma" his heires Bene&ces

and Successo" of the same Church and of all other Churches thereunto uuyted and annexed; And the saide Incumbentf of the pishe Churche so united to have an allowaunce of the Incumbentf of the Churches so unyted therunto during their severall Lyves, according to the rate and porcon of the Churches so united as shalbe assigned by the abovesaid psons having aucthoritie by this Acte to unite the same; and the Successo' and Successo" of everie suche Incumbent of everye suche Churche as shalbe made the pishe Church, and wherunto anny Churche or pishe shalbe united by force of this Acte, shall paye or compownde for the first fruictf therof, at everye avoydaunce before his Induction to the same, according to suche yerelie vallewe as suche Churche or Churches as shalbe made a pishe Churche, and wherunto anny Churche or Churches pishe or pishes shalbe united by force of this Acte, shalbe of at the tyme of the union therof; and as yf it had been of suche like yerelye vallewe at the tyme of the making of the Statute for first fruictf and Tenthes and of no greater vallewe; Anny Ordynaunce Statute or Lawe to the contrarye notwithstanding.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for Exigentf and proclamations in Wales, and in the Countie Palentyne of Chestre, and allso in the

Citie of Chester.

WHERE in the Highe Courte of plament holden at Westm in the xxvijlh yere of the moste prosperous Reigne Division of Wales of the late famous King Henry theight, by thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons into Countie* s assembled in the saide Highe Courte of plament, It was enacted and established by aucthoritie of the same pliament, that

his Highnes Dominion and Principalitie of Wales, and all Manno" Landes Tents and other Dominyons within the saide Dominion and Principalitie of Wales, shoulde be devyded into twelve Shieres or Counties, That is to saie the Shieres or Counties of Glamorgan Radno' Brecknock Karmerthyn Penbroke Cardygan Meryonethe Mongomerye Flynt Caemervan Angleseye and Denbighe; In everie of which saide Counties and Shieres amongst the Officers yerelie with separate appoynted It was there ordeyned that there shoulde be distincte and severall Shrieff yerelie; And allso where the Counties Palentyne of Chester and of the Citie of Chestre be auncyent and severall Counties Palentyne of them ^chaRcrandOty selfs, In all which saide Counties the Kings writtf hath not nor yet dothe not runne. So that the proclamac&n awarded uppon any exigent against anny parsone or parsons in any action wherin processe of owtlarie dothe lye, according to the Statute made in the Sixte yere of the Reigne of the saide late Kinge, can not be directed unto the Sherife or Sheriff of anny of the saide Sheres or Counties but unto the Sherife of the Countie next adioyninge; So that the ptie dwelling On Exigent* in anny of the saide Shires or Counties against whom anny suche exigent and proclamac&n shalbe so awarded shall not not nor can have anny knowledge of the same suite or processe : By reasone wherof manny of the parsons inhabiting in K. B. or c. P. the said Sheres and Counties withowt knowledge or cawse of suite have been wrongefullie and unjustlie utlaged to their J^dtog^n'w'ilei utter undoinge: Be it therfor and for divers other good considerac&ns by the Kinge o' Soveragne Lorde with or Chester, Writ* thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this pnt plament assembled and by thauctoritie JjJjJ j^J^o'the of the same, enacted ordeyned and established, that yf and when so ever anny writt of exigent, at anny tyme after Sheriff* of the the first daie of Apryll next cominge, shalbe awarded at the Suite of the King or of anny other parsone or parsons Wale*, &c. and playntife or playntiff, in anny action or suite in anny of the C.ourtes of o’ saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his Heirs Proceeding* be had or Successo" comonlie called the Kings Benche and Comen Place, against anny parsone or parsons dwelling in anny of Countie*, under St. the aforesaide Counties in Wales or in the saide Counties Palentyne of Chester or of the Citie of Chestre or in 6 Hcn.VIIL c.4. anny of them, that then imediatlie uppon the awarding of everie suche exigent, the Justice or Justices before whome

1 Churche 0.

’ The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

L

16

1° Edw. VI. c. 10.

A.D. 1547

ii.

Such Sheriffs shall hare Deputies in the said Courts for Receipt of Writs.

III.

Writs of Capias utlagatum, &c. shall be directed to such Sheriffs, and delivered to their Deputies.

IV.

Penalty on Sheriffs not returning Writs of Proclamation,

V.

Proviso for all other Liberties in Wales and Chester.

VI. Proviso for Liberties of Lords Marchers.

anny suche writt of exigent uppon suche Suite or Action shalbe sewed, shall have full power and aucthoritie to awarde one Writt of prodamacbn, according to the teno' and effecte of prodamadbns awarded uppon exigentf and directed owt of anny of the said Courtes into London against anny parsone dwelling in any other Shiere where the Kings writte is curr*unte, according to the order and so'me of the saide Statute made in the Sixte yere of the said late King, to be directed to suche of the foresaid Shrieff of anny of the forsaide Counties in Wales and of the Counties palentyne of Chester and of the Citie of Chestre for the tyme being where it shall happen the saide defendaunt, against whom anny suche Action shalbe served as is aforesaid, to be dwelling ; And that everie suche writt of proclamabbn shall have the same Teste and daye of Reto'ne as the exigentf whereuppon everie suche writt of prodamacbn shalbe awarded shall have; And that everie suche Shrief to whome anny suche writte of prodamacbn shalbe directed shall make prodamacbn of the saide writte of prodamacbn according to the tenor of the same, And shall make trewe reto'ne of the same in suche Courte and before suche Justices as the teno' of the same writt shall require and demaunde: And that all owtlaries hereafter to be promulged or pronounced against anny parsone or parsons uppon anny suche exigent or exigentf awarded against anny psone or psons dwelling in anny of the saide Counties of Wales and in the Counties palentyne of Chestre and of the Citie of Chestre, And no Writt of Prodamacbn awarded in fourme abovesaid to the Sherife or Sheryff of the Countie where the ptie defendaunt shalbe as is abovesaide dwelling, or not reto'ned, to be clerely voyd and of none effecte nor force in the Lawe.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everye Sherif and Sherifs of everye of the saide Counties of Wales and of the Counties Palentyne of Chestre and the Citie of Chestre aforesaide, shall have in everie of the saide Co'tes of the Kings Benche and of the Chmen Place one sufficyent Deputie at the least, to receive all Writtf directed to suche the Sherife or Sheriff for whom the same Deputie or Deputies shalbe appointed, in lyke manner and so'me and uppon lyke paynes as by the former Statutf and Lawes of this Realme other Sheriff of other Shires or Counties w,hin this Realme of Englande be bounden to have in either of the same Courtes; And that all Writtf of prodamacbn aforesaide shalbe delivered unto everie suche Deputie of Recorde in the same Courts, and allso lyke fees shalbe paied for making of everye suche Writte of prodamacbn and for inrolling the same of Recorde as is lymited in the saide Statute made in the saide Sixte yere of the reign of o' saide late Soveraigne Lorde King Henry theight.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide That yf anny parsone dwelling in anny of the saide Counties of Wales, after the aforesaide first daye of Apryll, shalbe owtlawed in anny Suite or Action aforesaide. That then writtf of specyall Capias utlagaf, single Capias utlagaf, non molestand, and all other processe for or against any parson outlawed shall and maye from hensfurthe be directed to the Sherife of anny of the saide Counties in Wales, as imediate Officers of the Kings said Co'tf of the Kings benche or Comen place in that bihalfe; And that everie suche Writtf maye be delivered of Reco'de to the Deputie of suche of the saide Sheriff to whome anny suche writt or processe shalbe directed: And that everie suche Shrief shall make execution and Retoume of everye suche Writt [of1] processe to him directed upon lyke payne and penaltie as is above lymited.

And be it further enacted and established, that yf anny suche Writt or Writtf of prodamacbn, hereafter directed to anny of the Sheriff of anny of the saide Shires in Wales or Counties Palentyne of Chester or of the Citie of Chestre, be delivered unto anny of the saide Sheriff for the tyme being or to his or their deputie in maner and so'me aforesaide, and the same Sherife or Sheriff do not make trewe reto'ne of everie suche writt and Writtf of prodamacbn, into suche Courte and Courtes out of which the saide Writte or Writtf of Prodamacbn shalbe awarded. That for everye suche [faulte*] of non Reto'ne everie suche Sherife for the tyme being shall lose and forfaite Five Powndf The one halfe therof shalbe to o' Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires and Successo", the other halfe to anny suche psone or psons as will sue for the same in an Action of debte grownded uppon this Acte in any of the Kings Courtes of Recorde wherin no essoigne protection or wager of Lawe shalbe allowed or admitted.

Provided allwaies that this Acte nor anny thing therin conteyned shall not in anny wise extende or be prejudicyall to the same Counties of Wales or to the saide Counties Palentyne of Chestre or of the Citie of Chestre, for or concerninge suche libertyes fr'unchesies or privileges as belonge to them or anny of them or to anny ministers or officers of them or anny of them, otherwise or in anny other manner then by the trewe meaninge of this A die is before provided and declared; anny thing in this Acte mentioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

(J) Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that this Adlc ne anny thing therin conteyned shall not in anny wise be prejudicyall or hurtefull to anny Lorde Marcher in Wales, but that theie and everye of them shall and maye have lyke libertie interest and prehemynence as theie and everie of them had might or ought to have had before the making of this adle, and as thoughe this Adle had never byn had ne made; anny thing in this a die mentioned to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

1 or 0.

• defaltc 0.

1 Annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 154?.

1° Edw.VI. c. 11

17

CHAPTER XL

An Acte hr the repeale of a certaine Statute made in the xxviij"1 Yere of the Reigne of the late King of moste famous memory, Henry Theight, for revoking of Attes of Plament.

WHERE in the pliament begonne at Westmestre the xxviij,b yere of the Reigne of the late King of famous Recitil of St»t.

memorye King Henry theight, It was enacted by thauctoritie of the saide plament, that yf the Imperyall empowering the'7' Crowne of this Realme after the deceasse of the saide late King shoulde discende come or remayne to theirs of o' saide late Soveraigne Lorde or to anny parsone to be lymited by his Highnes, as of verie right it must and ought any AAs made to doo according to the Lawes of this Realme established for the same, the saide heires or suche parsone being Jj*^Yenra!* within thage of xxiiij*' Yeres, And that then anny Acte or Actes of plament shoulde happen to be made and established in anny parlament that then shoulde be holden before suche heire or heyres parsone or parsons then being in possession of the saide Crowne shoulde be of their full ages of xxiiij'1 yeres, That then everie suche heire or heyres of our saide late Soveraigne Lorde or suche parsone so possessed of the Crowne, being within the same age of xxiiij'1 yeres, shoulde have full power and aucthoritie, at all tymes after theye shoulde come to their saide full ages of xxiiij" yeres, by their Ires patentf under the greate Seale of Englande, to revoke adnull and repeale all and singuler suche Actes made and established by their Royall Assentf in anny plament holden during the tyme that theye were within their saide Age of xxiiij" yeres, theire Royall assentf had to the same during the tyme that fheie were within the saide Age of xxiiij" yeres or anny Acte or Actes thereafter to be made to the contrarie therof notwithstanding; And it was also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that everye suche repeale adnullacon and revocacon of anny Acte or Actes that shoulde be made and established in anny plament holden before the tyme that suche heires or psones possessed of the Crowne shoulde be of the saide age of xxiiij yeres shoulde be as good and effectuall to all Intentf and purposes as thoughe it had bene doon by the Authoritie of pliament; as in the saide Acte is more playnelie declared

Sithe the making of wrh Estatute it hath pleased Ahnightie God to take unto his mercye o’ saide late Soveraigne Lorde Demise of H.VIII.

King Henry theight. Our now moste gracyous and deare Soveraigne liege Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte his sonne Edward vi.

and heyre (whose life God longe preserve) now being above the age of Tenne yeres, and under thage of Eleven yeres,

during whose minoritye as the Cdmon weakhe of his Highnes Realmes of Englande and Ireland and of all the

Dominions and Countreye of the same is and most necessarilie ought to be provided for mayntayned and pserved, so is

it the naturall dewtie of everie good trewe and lovinge Subgecte to applye him self with all his power and diligence to

studie invent and practise by all waies meanes and manners for the cons'vacon of the same: And Forasmuche as for the Doubtful Effect

pres'vacon of the Royall estate of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that now is and the saufegarde and suertie of his of recited Act:

moste Royall p6one, and for the good tranquillitie quietnes rest and peace of his saide Realmes Countreis Dominions

and Subgectf, aswell holsome Lawes and Estatutes ar to be ordeyned established and provided, as allso some Lawes and

Statutes to be repealed and adnulled as the Cace shall requyre, accordinge to the disposicon of the people, which can

not take anny good effecte or successe withowt Actes and provisions of plament to be made before their ages of

xxiiij yeres; And for that it shoulde seme unto all men that the good Intention meaninge and purpose of the saide

late King and of the makers of the saide Estatute was, not that good and holsome Lawes, whiche shoulde be made

provyded and ordeyned for the good gouvern’unce of the Realmes and Dominyons abovesaide, during the tyme

that anny King of this Realme shoulde be within the saide age of xxiiij yeres, shoulde from the tyme of the decease of

thauncesto' or progenito' of anny suche Kinge, within the age of xxiiij'1 yeres at the tyme of the deathe of the saide

auncesto' or progenito', untill thage of xxiiij" yeres of anny suche King, be made demed and adjudged to be voyde

by anny suche ires patentf to all Intentf and purposes as thoughe theie never had bene made; But that the saide

Actes and everie of them, and all and everie thing and things used comitted doon suffred or executed by aucthoritie

of the same shoulde be good avaylable and pfecte in the Lawe, And that the saide revocacon adnullacon and Repeale

shoulde be taken to make voyde the saide Actes and everie of them onelie from the tyme of the saide revocacon

adnullacon and repeale and not otherwise; The contrarie entendementf and exposition wherof might otherwise not

onelie discorage all Subjects duiinge that tyme and those yeres to endevo' them selfes to and for the advisinge setting

furthe and consenting to the making of good and wholsome Lawes, but also shoulde ca.wse the saide* Subgectf to

adjudge and thincke them selfes to live for that tyme under no manner of certayntie or assuraunce of anny positive

Lawe or Statute during that tyme to be made and provided : Be it therfore enacted by the King o' Soveraigne Recited Aa

Lorde with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Coinons in this j5nt plament assembled and by rtptlied‘

thauctoritie of the same. That the saide Acte of plament above recited, made in the saide xxviij"' yere of the Reigne

of the saide late King, and everie worde article clawse matter sentence and thing therin specefied and conttyned, shall by

aucthoritie of this pnt plament be to all Intentf constructions and purposes utterlie voyde adnulled repealed and of

none effecte, and as thoughe the same had never be had ne made.

Nevertheles, to thintent the Kings Ma" o' Soveraigne Lorde maye have power aucthoritie preheinynence and prerogative at his full age of xxiiij" yeres or at anny tyme after at his libertye and pleasure to repeale all Statutf and Actes of plament aswell (1) in this pnt plament as hereafter in anny other plament to be holden before he shall accomplishe the saide age of xxiiij" yeres to be made or ordeyned, according to the trewe intent & meaninge of the makers of the saide former Statute; Be it further ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that now is, at his full age of xxiiij" yeres or at anny tyme after, and all and everie heire and heires of the saide late King, and other parsone and parsons to whome the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme shall hereafter discende come or remayne, by thappointment of the saide late King and by the Statutes of this Realine in the tyme of the same late Kinge in that cace provided and made, then being within thage of xxiiij" yeres, shall have

II.

The present Kin*, and all Heir*, ,Vc. of King H.VIII. may, by Lrttrrt Patent, repeal all Acts made before their attaining the Age of J4; except this Act and Parliamentary Pardons:

made 0.

F

18

1° Edw.VI. c. 11,12.

A.D. 1547.

Such Letter! Patent shall specify the Acts repealed, and shall be

proclaimed in Chancery for Two Terms, and at the Assises in erery County i at the Expiration of Forty Days after which Proclamation

the Repeal shall take place from thence ; but all Matters done under the A3s while in force shall remain valid, &c.

III.

Such Repeal shall be made only by the King in whose Minority the Acts passed.

full power and aucthoritie by vertewe of this pnt Acte, at all tymes after he or theye shall come to his or their full age of xxiiij'1 yeres, by his or their Ires patentf under the Greate Seale of Englande, to repeale all and singuler acte and actes or anny of them as be or shalbe made or established by his or their Rovall assentf in anny plament holden or to be holden during the tyme that he or theie was were or shalbe within the saide age of xxiiij'1 yeres, other then this pnt Acte of plament and other then all pardons gr*unted and to be gr'unted w,hin the saide severall ages of xxiiij'1 yeres by aucthoritie of plament: So that the same repeale be made and used in manner and so'me hereafter following, That is to saie; that everie suche Ires patentf of Repeale shall conteigne all suche Actes as shalbe repelled, and shalbe solemplie and openly proclaymed, in the Kings Courte of Ch*uncery between the howers of nyne and eleven before noone at three severall daies in everie of twoo of the foure usuall tearmes to be holden at Westni or ells where within this Realme of Englande, and also one tyme in everye Countye of this Realme and in Wales at the severall Assises to be holden in the same severall Counties, bitwene lyke howers; And that then after fourtie daies next after suche proclamad&n in all and everie place and Countie abovesaide so had and made. The saide ires patentf of repeale to take their force strength and effecte, and not before or from anny other tyme or seasone nor in anny other manner or so'me, And that all and everye suche Acte and Actes aswell made in this plament as hereafter to be made within the saide age of xxiiij11 yeres of o' Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Ma,e that now is, as in the tyme of anny of the saide heyre or heyres or other the saide psone or psons then being in possession of thimperyall Crowne of this Realme and under thage of xxiiij'1 yeres, shalbe good and effectuall to all Intentf constructions and purposes until the saide ires patentf of Repeale proclamac&ns and fourtie dayes shalbe so had made roonne and past: And that all and everie Acte and Actes thing and things used had comitted doon suffered or executed by thauctoride of the saide A&e or Actes or anny of them within anny of the saide ages of xxiiij11 yeres according to the p'porte teno' and effecte of the saide Acte or Actes or anny of them shalbe good and effectuall for ever, the saide repeale so to be made in anny wise notwithstanding: And that all and everie psone and parsons bodies polidke and corporate shall and maye, by thauctoride of this pnt Acte from tyme to tyme aswell after the saide Repeale as before, pleade or alledge for his or their defence excuse indempnitye profitt benefitt or advantage all and everie suche Acte and Acts or anny of them so revoked adnulled or repealed, or to be revoked adnulled or repealed, for concerninge or in anny wise touching anny thing or things had used gr'unted suffred possessed comitted done or accrued by thauctoride suffer*unce or force of the saide Acte and Actes or anny of them before the revocac&n adnullacon or repealing of the same, in suche and as ample manner and so'me as yf the saide Acte and Actes so to be revoked adnulled or repealed and everie of them had [stande1 ] in this and their full strengthe force and effecte, and as yf the saide Acte or Actes had never been revoked adnulled or repealed, anny thinge in suche repeale conteynid notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies and be it allso ordeyned and enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that no Kinge or Kings of this Realme shall have aucthoritie power or prerogative to repell anny Acte of plament or Statute that shalbe made in the tyme of anny Kinge before the saide age of xxiiij11 yeres, other then suche as be or shalbe made in his owne tyme ; anny thing above mentioned to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XIL

An Acte for the Repeale of certaine Statutes concerninge Treasons, Felonyes, 8cc.

Principles of Government and Obedience in the Prince and Subjects:

Occasional Necessity of severe Laws

and of their subsequent Relaxation;

NO thinge being more godlie more sure more to be wisshed and desired betwixte a Prynce the Supreame Hed and Ruler and the Subgectf whose Gouverno' and Hed he is, then on the Prynces pte great clemencye and indulgencye, and rather to muche forgivenes and remission of his royall power and just punishment, then exacte severitie and justice to be shewed, and on the Subjects behalfe that theye shoulde obeye rather for love and for the necessitie and love of a Kinge and Prynce, then for feare of his streight and severe Lawes; yet suche tymes at some tyme comethe in the comonwealthe that it is necessarie and expedient for the repressinge of the insolencye and unrulynes of Men, and for the foreseing and provyding of remedyes against rebellyon insurrection, or suche mischiefs as God sometyme with us displeased for o' punishment dothe inflicte and laye uppon us, or the Devill at Godds pmission to assaye the good and Gods electe dothe sowe and sett amongf us the which Allmightie God wlh his helpe and mans pollicye hath allwaies bene content and pleased to hate stayed that sharper lawes as a harder brydle shoulde be made to staye those men and facts that might ells be occacSn cause and aucthors of further inconvenyence; The which thing cawsed the Prynce of most famous memorie Kinge Henry theight father to o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King, and other his Highnes progenito", with thassent of the Nobles and Comons at divers plementf in theire severall tymes [ holden1 ] to make and enacte certaine lawes and Statutes which might seme and appere to men of exterio' Realmes and manny of the Kings Ma1" Subgectf verie streighte sore extreme and terrible, allthoughe theie were then when theye were made not w,howt greate considerac&n and pollicye moved and established and for the tyme to thadvoyd'unce of further inconvenyence verie expedyent and necessarie; But as in tempest or winter one course and garment is convenyent, in cawlme or warme weather a more liberall rase or lighter garment bothe maye and ought to be followed and used, so we have seen divers streight and sore lawes, made in one plament the tyme so requiringe, in a more cawlme and quiet reigne of a nother Prynce by like aucthoritie and pliament repealed and taken awaie; the which moste highe clemencye and Royall example of his Ma*" moste noble progenito", The Kings Highnes, of his tender and godlie nature moste given to mercye and love of his Subgectf willing to followe, and pceiving the hartie and syncere love that his moste lovinge subjects bothe the Lordes and Comons dothe beare unto his Highnes now in this his

1 stonde 0.

' helde O.

GOO;

A.D. 1547

1° Edw.VI. c. 12.

19

Majesties tendre age, willing allso to gntefie the same therfore, and myndinge further to provoke his saide Subgectf with greate indulgencye and demencye shewed on his Highnes bihalfe to more love and kyndnes towardes his Majesde (yf it maye be), and uppon trust that theie will not abuse the same, but rather be encouraged thereby more faithefullie and with more diligence (yf it maye be) and care for his Ma" to serve his Highnes now in this his tender age, is contented and pleased that the severitie of certaine Lawes here followinge be midgated and remitted: Be it therefore ordeigned and enacted by the King o' Soveraigne Lorde with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and of the Comons in this present plament assembled and by thauctoride of the same. That from hensfurthe, none acte dede or offence, being by Acte of plament or Statute made Treasone or petit Treasone by wordes writing cipring dedes or otherwise what so ever, shalbe taken had demed or adjudged to be highe Treasone or petit Treasone, but onelie ■uche as be treasone or petit Treasone in or by the Acte of plament or Statute made in the xxv,h yere of the Reigne of the moste noble Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Edwarde the thirde touching or concerninge Tresone or the Declaration of Treasones, And suche offences as hereafter shall by this present Acte be expressed and declared to be Treasone or petit Treasone, and none other ; Nor that anny paynes of deathe penaltie or forfeiture in anny wise ensue or be to anny of the offendo" for the doing or comittinge anny Treasone or petit Treasone, other then suche as be in the saide Estatute made in the saide xxv,h yere of the reigne of the saide King Edward the thirde, or by this present Estatute, ordeyned or provyded; Anny Acte or Actes of pliament Statute or Statutf had or made at anny tyme heretofore, or after the saide xxv,h yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Edwarde the thirde, or anny other declaration or matter to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Axu allso be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all Actes of plament and Estatutes towchinge mencyoninge or in anny wise concernynge Religion or opinyons. That is to saie aswell the Statute made in the ([first1 ] yere of the Reigne of the Kings noble progenito' Kinge Richarde the Second, and the Statute made in the Seconde Yere of the Reigne of King Henry the fifthe, and the Statute allso made in the xxv,h Yere of the Reigne of Kinge Henry theight concerninge punishment and reformacon of Heretykes and Lolardes, and everie provision therein conteyned, and the Statute made for the abolishment of diversitie of opinions in certaine artycles concerninge Christian Religion comonlie called the Sixe Articles, made in the plament begonne at Westmestre the xxviij,h daie of Apryll in the xxxju« yere of the Reigne of the moste noble and victorious Prynce of moste famous memorie Kinge Henry theight father to our saide moste drad Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that now is, and allso the acte of plyament and Statute made at the plament begoonne at Westmestre the xvju daye of Januarye in the xxxiijth yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight and after that proroged unto the xxijtb daye of Januarye in the xxxiiij yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight, touchinge mentioninge or in anny wise concerninge bookes of the old and newe Testament in Englishe, and the pryntinge utteringe selling giving or delivering of bookes or writings and reteyninge of Englishe bookes or writings, and reading preaching teaching or expownding of Scripture or in anny wise touching mentionynge or concerninge anny of the same matters. And allso one other Statute made in the plament holden at Westmestre in the XXXVth yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight, concerninge the qualificacbn of the Statute of Sixe Articles, and all and everie other Acte or Acts of plament concerninge doctryne [and1 ] matters of Religion, and all and everie br*unche artycle sentence and matter paynes and forfaitures conteyned mentioned or in anny wise declared in anny of the same acts of pliament or Estatutes, shall fromhensfurthe be repealed and utterlie voyde and of none effecte.

And be it further ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all Offences made felonye by anny Acte or Acts of plament Statute or Statutf made sithens the xxiiju> daie of Apryll in the first yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight, not beinge felonye before, and allso all and everye the br'unches and articles mentioned or in anny wise declared in anny of the same Statutf concerninge the making of anny Offence or Offences to be felonye not being felonye before, and all paynes and forfaitures concerninge the same or anny of them, shall from hensfurthe be repealed and utterlye voyde and of none effecte.

And be it allso ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that one Acte made in the plament holden at Westmestre in the xxxj" yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight, that pclamacbns made by the Kings Highnes by thadvise of his honnorable Councell shoulde be obeyed and kepte as thoughe theie were made by aucthoritie of plament. And allso one other Acte made in the plament holden in the xxxiiiju> yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight for the dewe execueon of the saide proclamations, and allso all and everye br*unche artycle and matter in the same Statutf and in everye of them mentioned or declared, shall fromhensfurthe be repealed and utterlye made voyde and of none effecte.

And be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anny parsone or parsons at anny tyme after the first daie of Marche next cominge by open preaching expresse wordes or sayings doo affirme or sett furthe that the Kinge his heires or successo" Kings of this Realme for the tyme being is not or ought not to be supreame hed in earthe of the Churche of Englande and Ireland or of anny of them imediatlye under God, or that the Bishopp of Rome or anny other Parsone or parsons other then the King of Englande for the tyme being is or ought to be by the Lawes of God supreame hedd of the same churches or of anny of them, or that the King his heires or Successo" Kings of this Realme is not or ought not to be King of Englande Fr*unce and Ireland or of anny of them, Or after the saide firste day of Marche doo compasse or imagen by open preaching expresse wordes or sayings to depose or depryve the King his heires or successo" Kings of this Realme from his or their Roy all estate or Tytles to or of the Realmes aforesaide, or doo openlye publishe or saye by expresse wordes or sayings that anny other parsone or

1 fyrst 0.—fifth Some modem Printed Copies. The Act j Ric.II. Mat. a. c.5. wa» doubtless intended to be referred to: See Stat. 35 Hen. VIII. c.14. f 2. * or O.

No Offence, made Treason by Statute, shall be adjudged such, except under St. if E. III. st. 5. c. a. or this Act.

IL

All Acts respecting Doctrine and Matter of Religion repealed; namely, j R. II. st. a. c. j : a H. V. st. 1. c. 7 ; 25 H.VIII c. 14; 31 H.VIII. c.14;

34,35 H.VIII. c.i,

35 h.vui. c. f.

in.

All new Felonies, made by Statute since a t April 1 H.VIII. repealed.

IV.

St.31H.VIII c.8.

34. .is H.vin.

c. S3, rendering Royal Proclamations valid as Afl •, repealed.

V.

Penalty on affirming by Words that the King is not Supreme Head of the Church, or that the Pope, See. is or ought to be so, or that the King ought not to be King, or by Words compassing hi'. Deposition or asserting the Title of any other;

20

1° Edw.VI. c. 12.

A.D. 1547.

First Offence, Forfeiture of Goods and Imprisonment during the King’s Pleasure

Second Offence, Forfeiture of Lands and Imprisonment for Life:

Third Offence, High Treason.

VI.

Affirming by Writing, Printing, or Deed, that the King is not such Supreme Head, or that the Pope, &c. is or ought to be so, or by Writing, &c compassing the King's Deposition, or asserting the Title of any other, declared High Treason.

VII.

Not to repeal Acts relative to counterfeit Coin ; nor the Ad 27 Hen. VIII. c. 2. against counterfee ing the King's Sign Manual, See.

VIII.

Heirs to the King, or Successors to the Crown under the Limitations of St. 3; H. VIII. c. i,

usurping on each other, or on the King, declared guilty of High Treason.

Privileges of Clergy and Sanctuary taken away in Murder, and other Offences specified.

parsons other then the King his heires or successo" Kings of this Realme of right ought to be Kings of the Realmes aforesaide or of anny of them or to have and enjoye the same or anny of them ; That then everie suche offendo', being therof dewlye convicted or attaynted by the Lawes of this Realme, their aydo" comfort" abetto" procurers and counsailo" for his or their suche firste offence shall loose and forfaicte to the Kinge all his and their goods and Cattellf and allso shall have and suffer emprysonement of his and their bodies at the Kings Will and pleasure; And yf anny paraone being ons convicted or attaynted of anny of the saide Offences shall after his saide conviction or attayndo' eftsones comitt or ppetrate anny of the Offencf before mentioned, other then suche as be expressed in the saide Estatute made in the saide xxv’h yere of [the1 ] Kinge Edwarde the Thirde, and shalbe therof dewlie convicted or attaynted by the Lawes of this Realme, That then everie suche offendo' their aydo" comforto" abettors procurers and Counsailo" for his or their saide Seconde offence or offences shall lose and forfaicte to the King the hole Issues and proffittf of all his and their Landes Tents and other hereditamentf benefices prebendf and other spuall promocons for tearme of the Life of suche offendo' and offendo", and allso shall lose and forfaicte to the King all his and their goods and cattallf and allso suffer during his and their Lyses ppetuall Imprisonement of his and their bodies: And yf anny psone being twoo tymes hereafter convicted or attaynted of anny of the same offences, shall after his saide Seconde conviction or attayndo' eftsones comitte or ppetrate againe anny of the saide offences, and be therof dewlie convicted or attaynted by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, That then everie suche thirde offence or offences shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Treasone, and the offendo' and offendo" their aydo" comforto" abetto" procurers and counsailo" being therin convicted or attaynted according to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Tray to", and shall suffer paynes of pjathe and lose and forfaicte all their Goods and Cattallf Landes and Tents to the King as in caces of Highe Treasone.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anny parsone or parsons at anny tyme after the saide first daye of Marche next cominge by writing prynting overt dede or acte doo affirme or sett furthe that the King of this Realme for the tyme being is not or ought not to be supreame hed in erthe of the Churche of Englande and Irelande or of anny of them imediatelye under God, or shall by writing prynting overt dede or acte after the saide first daye of Marche affirme or sett furthe that the Bisshopp of Rome or anny other parsone or psons other then the Kinge of Englande for the tyme being is or ought to be by the Lawes of God or otherwise the supreame hed in earthe of the same [Churche * ] or anny of them, or doo after the saide first day of Marche compasse or imagyne by writing prynting overt dede or acte to depose or deprive the King his heires or successo" Kings of this Realme from his or their Royall estate or tytles of the King of Englande Fr*unce and Irelande or of anny of them, or by writing prynting overt dede or acte doo affirme that anny other parsone or psons other then the King his heires and successo" is or of right ought to be King of the Realmes of Englande Fr'unce or Irelande or to have and enjoye the same or anny of them, That then everye such Offence and Offencf shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Treasone, and the Offendo’ and Offendo" their avdo" comforto" abbetto" procurers and counsailo" therin convicted or attaynted according to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme shalbe demed and adjudged High Trayto" and shall suffer paynes of deathe and lose and forfaite all their goods and catallf landes and tents to the King as in cases of Highe Treasone.

Provided allwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Estatute or anny thing therin conteyned shall not in anny wise extende to repell adnull or make frustrate or voyde anny ACte or A dies of Parlament Statute or Statutf made conceminge the counterfaiting or forging of anny of the coignes of this Realme, or of the coyne of anny other Realme or Realmes currant within this Realme, or for clyppinge washing or fyling of anny of the saide coignes, or for or conceminge the bringing into this Realme of counterfaite moneye or coyne; ne to anny Statute made in the xxvijth yere of the saide late King Henry theight conceminge the false forginge and counterfayting of the Kings Signes Manuell, Privye Signet or Pryvye Seale, ne to their Counsailo" procurers aydo" and abetto", nor to anny article or brhmche conceminge the same offences or anny of them conteyned in the same Statutf or anny of them.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anny of the heires of the King o’ saide Soveraigne Lorde that now is, or anny parsone or parsons to whome the Crowne and dignitie of this Realme is lymitted and appointed by acte of plament made in the xxxv’11 yere of the reigue of the saide late Kinge Henry theight, or the heyres of anny of them, doo at anny tyme hereafter usurpe the one of them uppon the other in the Crowne of this Realme, or demaunde chalenge or clayme the same otherwise or in anny other so'me or degree of discente or succession or in anny other course so'me degree or condic&n but onelie in suche manner and so'me as is declared by the saide Estatute, Or yf anny of the saide heires or parsons aforesaide do interrupte or lett the Kings Highness that now is peaseblye and quietlye to kepe have and enjoye the saide Imperyall Crowne, That then all and singuler thoffendo" their aydo" comforto" abetto" procurers and Counsailo" therin shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Trayto" and shall suffer and incurre the paynes of deathe Losses and forfaitures as is aforesaide in caces of Highe Treasone.

And it is further ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that no parsone or parsons that heretofore hath byn or at anny tyme hereafter shalbe in dewe so'me of the Lawes attaynted or convicted of murder of malyce prepensed or of poysoninge of malyce prepensed, or of breaking of anny howse by daye or by night anny parsone being then in the same howse where the same breaking heretofore hath byn or hereafter shalbe comitted and heretofore hath byn or hereafter shalbe therby putt in feare or dreade, or of or for robbing of anny Parsone or parsons in the highe waye or nere to the highe waye, or for felonyous stealing of horsses geldingf or mares, or of felonious taking of anny goods owt of anny pishe Churche or other Churche or Chappell, or being indyted or appealed of anny of the same Offences and thereuppon founde giltye by verditte of twelve men, or shall confesse the same uppon his or their arraynement or will not answer directlie according to the Lawes of this Realme or shall stande willfullie or of malyce muett, shall not

1 0. omits.

* Churches O.

A.D. 1517

1° Edw. VI. c. 12.

21

be admitted to have or enjoye the privilege or benefitt of his Clergie or Sanctuary but shalbe put from the same;

and that in all other caces of fellonye, other then suche as be before mentioned, .all and singuler parsone and

parsons which after the first daye of Marche next cominge shalbe arrayned or founde giltye uppon his or their other Felonies, u

arraynement, or shall confesse the same or stande muet in forme aforesaide or will not answer directlie in fourme before i H. VIII.

abovesaide, shall have and enjoye the privilege and benefitt of his or their Clergye, the Libertie and privilege of

Sanctuary, in lyke manner and so'the as he or theye might or shoulde have doon before the xxiiij"* daye of Apryll

in the first Yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight.

X.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all clawses artycles and Sentences mentioned Confirmation of *11

, _ ... ' . . n . _ , ., AAs of H.VIII.

or specified in anny Acte or Acts of plament Statute or Statutf made in the tyme of the Reigne of the saide noting to

late King Henry theight, touching or in anny wise conceminge anny manner of chalenge for the Countie Hundredthe THal'ofFonri n

or pemptorie chalenge or anny of them, or towching or in anny wise conceminge anny manner of tryall of foren Plea».

plees pleaded by murderers felons or other Offendo", shall as conceminge the saide chalenges and tryallf remayne in

their force and strecgthe not repealed ; anny thing in this Acte mentioned sounding or seminge to the contrarye in

anny wise notwithstanding.

AI.

Provided allso and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte of plament or anny This Act shall thing therin mentioned, as conceminge the repeale of anny Estatute or Estatutf made touchinge Treasone or Misprision p"r"n,'actually of Treasone, shall not in anny wise give anny manner of benefitt adv'untage or comoditie to anny parsone or psons being ,re,ted> for

... , Treason before

the last daye of October last past arrested or imprysoned for treasone petite Treasone or misprision of 1 reasone; * time specified.

or to anny parsone or parsons heretofore being indyted of Treasone petite Treasone or Misprision of Treasone;

or to anny [other'] psone or psons being lykewise convicted outlawed or attaynted of Treasone petite Treasone or

Misprision of Treasone, or being fiedde beyonde the Seas or into Scotelande before the saide last daye of October last

past for anny treasone petite treasone or misprision of Treasone; but that theye and everye of them shall suffer suche

paynes of deathe Losses and forfaitures of Landes and goods as in cases of Treasone as thoughe this Acte had never

ben had or made; anny thing in this Acte to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding: And that the Lawes and

Statutes repealed by this Acte shall stande against them and everye of them in full Strengthe vertewe force and effecte,

concerning all and everye offence by them or anny of them heretofore comitted or doon.

Provided allso and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all willfull kylling by poysoninge of anny parsone or parsons, that at anny tyme hereafter shalbe doon ppetrated or comitted, shalbe adjudged taken and demed willfull murder of malyce prepensed, and that the Offendo" therin their aydo" abetto" procurers and Counsailo" shall suffer deathe and forfaite in everye bihalfe as in other caces of wilfull murder of malyce prepensed.

And over that be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that in all and everye cace and caces where anny of the Kings Ma,c* Subgectf shall and maye uppon his prayer have the privilege of Clergie as a Clerke convicte that maye make purgacon, in all [those’] caces and everye of them, and allso in all and everye cace and caces of fellonye wherin the privilege and benefitte of Clergie is restrayned excepted or taken awaye by this Estatute or Acte, (willfull murder and poysoninge of malyce prepensed onelie excepted,) The Lorde and Lordes of the plament and Peere and Peeres of the Realme having place [and voyce ‘J in plament shall, by vertewe of this pnt Acte, of comon grace uppon his or their request or prayer alleging that he is a Lorde or Piere of the Realme and clayminge the benefitt of this Acte, thoughe he can not reade, w"'owt anny burnynge in the hande Losse of Inherit’unce or corruption of his bloude, be juged demed taken and used for the first tyme onelie to all Intentf constructions and purposes as a Clercke convicte, And shalbe in cace of a Clercke convicte which maye make purgacon; without anny further or other benefitt or priviledge of Clergie to anny suche Lorde or Piere from thensfurthe at anny tyme after for anny cace to be allowed adjudged or admitted: anny lawe Statute usage Custome or anny other thing to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

XII. Killing by Poison shall be deemed Murder.

XIII.

Benefit of Clergy given to a Peer of Parliament fur the first Offence of Felony, (except Murder,) although he cannot read ; without burning, or Loss of Inheritance, &c.

(*) Provided allwaies that yf anny of the saide Lordes of the pliament, or anny of the Piers of this Realme for the tyme being, shall fortune to be indyted of anny of the Offencf lymited in this Acte, that then theye and everye of them shall have his and their tryall by their Peeres, as it hath byn used heretofore in caces of highe Treasone.

XIV. Peers shall be tried by Peer* for Offences under this Act.

And be it further enacted by aucthoritie aforesaide, That yf anny parsone or psons that, by this Statute or by anny XV.

other Statutes or Lawes of this Realme, ought to have or be admitted to the benefite of his or their Clergie, that the same parsone and psons shalbe from hensfurthe admitted and allowed to have his or their Clergie, althoughe theie twice married, See. or anny of them have been divers and sondrye tymes maryed to anny Single Woman or Single Women or to anny Wydowe or Wydowes or to twoo Wifes or moo; anny Lawe Statute or Usage to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

And over that it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that albeit anny parsone or psons, of what Estate Wifi, of pc'rson condicon or degree he or theye be, shall hereafter fortune to be attaynted convicted or owtlawed of anny attainted. See. of Treasone petite Treasone Misprision of Treasone murder or fellonye what so ever, yet that notwithstanding everie ahall Woman that is or shall fortune to be Wife of the parsone so attaynted convicted or owtlawed shall be endowable Lower, and inhabyled to demaunde have and enjoye her dower, in lyke manner and so'me as thoughe her husbande had not byn attaynted convicted or owtlawed ; Anny Statute Lawe usage or Custome to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

1 Interlined on the Roll.—O. omits. ’ these O. ’ Interlined O.

4 The following Provisoes to Sc&ion XXI. are annexed to the Original Ac! in a separate Schedule-

22

1° Edw. VI. c. 12, 13.

A.D. 15 47

XVII. Saving of Title* on Attainder*, &c.

XVIII. Stat. 2^ H. VIII. c. 17, against Servants stealing their Masters' Goods, See. confirmed.

XIX. Limitation of Prosecution, for Offences by Words only, 30 Days, &c.

Accusation shall be declared to one of the Council, dec.

XX. Concealment of High Treason declared to be Misprision of Treason.

XXI.

The French King may be called King of France without Offence against this Act.

XXII.

Two Witnesses or Confession, required to Treason or treasonable Words.

Savinge to all and cverye other parsone and parsons bod * politike and corporate their hares and successo" and to everie of them, other then to suche offendo' or offendo" as shalbe attaynted convicted or owtlawed, all suche right tytle interest entree leasses possession condicon profitt comoditie and heredytamentf as theie or anny of them had, or shoulde or of right ought to have, before or at the tyme of the saide attayndo’ conviction or utlagarye.

Provided allso and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that one Acte made at the parlament holden at Westmestre uppon divers prorogaedns the fourthe daye of Februarye in the xxvijlh yere of the saide late King Henry theight, and there contynued and kepte untill the xxiiij"1 daye of Apryll then next ensuinge, conceminge and touchinge the fellonious taking awaye by anny Servaunte the goods or cattallf of the Maister or Maistres, and all artycles and sentences conteyned in the same A&e, shall stande be and remayne in full strengthe force and effecte, in suche manner and fourme as it did before the making of this pnt acte ; the repeale or revocation of the Actes abovesaide to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided allwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that no parsone or parsons shall in anny wise be impeached or putt to answer for any of the offences abovesaide, conceminge Treasons by open preaching or wordes onelye, onelesse the ptie Offendo' or Offendo" be therof accused w,hin xxx" dayes next after the same open preaching or wordes so spoken or declared, yf the accusers shall fortune to be within this Reakne during the said space of xxx" dayes next after the saide offence comitted or done; And yf the accuso" shall happen to be owt of this Realme during the saide space of xxx" daies, then the ptie or pties so offending shalbe accused as is aforesaide within sixe monethes next after the same preaching or wordes so spoken or declared ; or ells the ptie or pties so offending their aydo" comforto" abetto" and counsailo" or anny of them not to be impeached or putt to answer for anny suche offence or offences; And that the same accusation or accusations to be had made and declared shalbe made to one of the Kings Counsaile, or to one of the Kings Justices of Assise, or ells to one of the Kings Justices of Peace being of the Quop, or to twoo Justices of the Peace within the Shieres where the same offence or offences shall happen to be done of comitted; anny thing conteyned in this acte to the contrarye therof in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allso and be it declared and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that concelement or keping secrett anny Highe Treasone, shalbe from hensfurthe adjudged demed and taken misprision of Treasone, and the offendo" therin shall forfaitce and suffer as in caces of misprision of Treasone as heretofore hath been used; anny thing above mentioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided allso and be it declared and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that this Acte or anny thing therin conteyned shall not extende to chardge or make anny parsone or parsons to be offendo' or offendo" in anny of the articles abovesaide, for calling naminge saying writing or prynting the Frenche King for the tyme being by the name of the King of Fr’unce or Frenche King; anny thing above declared and enacted to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

(1) Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that no parsone or parsons, after the first daye of Februarye next cominge, shalbe indicted arrayned condempned or convicted for anny offence of Treasone petit Treasone misprision of Treasone, or for anny wordes before specified to be spoken after the saide first daye of Februarye, for which the same offendo' speaker offendo" or speakers shall in anny wise suffer anny paynes of deathe imprisonement losse or forfaicture of his goods catallf landes or tenementf, oneles the same offendo' speaker offendo" or speakers be accused by twoo sufficyent and lawfull wimesses, or shall willinglye withowt vyolence confesse the same.

CHAPTER XIII.

Grants of Subsidy to former Kings, and the Motive* operating for a like Grant to the present King j

An Acte for a Subsidye of Tonnage and Pondage of March’undizes; with a Proviso for the Confirmation of the Privileges of the March’untf of the Stilyarde ; which Proviso shall endure but onelie to thende of this Parlament.

(’)

IN their moste humble wise shewen unto yo' moste excellent Ma" your poore Comons, in this your pnt plament assembled. That where aswell your moste dearest father of famous memorie King Henry the eight, as also your moste worthie Graundefather King Henry the Seventhe and other your noble Progenito" Kings of this your Realme of F.nglande, tyme owt of mynde have had gr*unted unto them and enjoyed of the Comens of the same Realme for the tyme being, by aufthoritie of Parliament, for the defence of the same now your Realme and the keping and saufegarde of the Seas, for the entercoursc of march’undize savelye to come into the same your Realme, and to passe owt of the same, certaine somes of Monye named Subsidyes, of all manner Goods and March*undizes cominge in or going owt of the same your Realme; And forasmuche as we your [poore saide3] Comens have pceived your Ma‘" good favo' and will towardes your saide poore C5mens, had aswell in the defence of us and this your Realme against your Rebellf the Scottf, as allso the keping and sure defending of the Seas against all parsons intending the disturbaunce and invasion of this your Realme and us your saide Comens, to our greate comforte and rejoysinge as cawse requirethe, and to your Ma1" great costes charges and expenses, and allso not dowbting the sequele of the same yf nede shall require; We ttxerfore yqur saide poore Comens, as bownden of dewtie, humblie desire yo' excellent Ma" beninglye and favorablye to take accepte and receive [this4] o' poore gr'untf hereafter ensuinge, as gr’unted of trewe harts and good Wills which we beare to your Highnes, towardes your saide greate costes charges and expences aswell heretofore expended and

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule, said poore 0.

* To the Kyngf moste roiall Magestie. O. 4 these 0.

A.D. 1547» 1° Edw. VI. c. 13.

'23

layed owt as hereafter by yo' Ma" for the cawses aforesaide when nede shall require to be expended and layed owt, as the first fruictf of o' good wills and harttf towardes your Highnes, althoughe the same doo or hereafter shall nothing in effecte countervayle your saide Costes Charges and Expences which we be not liable fullie to gratefie by anny meanes: First, We your saide poore Comens by thadvise and assent of the Lordes spuall and tempo rail in this your pnt plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, to the intent aforesaide, give and gr'unte to youe o' saide Soueraigne Lorde one Subsidye called Tonnage, that is to saye, of everye Tonne of Wyne cominge or that shall or is come into this your Realme by waye of March'undize the some of three shillingf, and so after the rate; and of everye Toonne of swete Wyne aswell Matmeseye as other that shall or is come into the same your Realme by everye or anny Marchaunt Alyen, aswell by the March'untf of Haunce and Allmayne as by anny other March'unt Straunger of what nation so ever he be, three shillingf, and so after the rate over and above the three shillingf afore gr*unted; and of everye [awlne ‘ ] of Renishe Wyne cominge or that shall or is c5me into this your Realme by waye of March'undize, by everye or anny March*unte Denizon or Alyen of what natyon so ever he be, twelve pence: And allso one other Subsidye called Powndage, that is to saye, of all manner Goods and March'undizes of everye March'unt Denison and Alyen what so ever he be caryed and to be caryed owt of this your saide Realme or brought or to be brought into the same by waye of March'undizes, of the vallewe of everye Twentie shillingf of the same goods and march'undizes twelve pens, and so after the rate; And of (*) twentie shillingf vallewe of Tynne and Pewter vessell caryed owt of this Realme by anny and everye March'unte Alyen xij d. over and above the xij d. aforesaide: Excepte allwayes and foreprised owt of this gr'unte of Subsidye of Powndage, all manner of Woollen Clothe made and wrought or that shalbe made and wrought within this your Realme of Englande, and by everye or anny March'unte Denizon and not borne Alyen caryed or to be caryed owt of this your saide Realme, and all manner Wooll Woolfellf and Hydes and Backs of Lether allso carryed or to be carryed owt of this your Realme; And all Wynes and all manner of freshe fishe and bestyall cominge or that is or shall come into the same yor Realme.

And further we your saide poore Cdmens by thadvise assent and aucthoritie aforesaide give and gr'unte unto youe o' saide Soveraigne Lorde for the cawses above rehersed one other Subsidye of all manner Woolle Woollfellf and lether caryed or to be caryed owt of this your Realme in manner and so'me following, that is to saie; Of everye March'unt Denizon of and for everye sacke of Wooll xxxiij s. iiij d.; and of everye CCxl'1 Woolfellf xxxiiij s. iiij d.; and of and for everye Last of Hydes and Backs of everye suche March'unt Denizon lxvj s. viij d.; and allso of everye March'unte Str'ungier not borne your liege man, aswell those that be made Denizons as hereafter shalbe made by tres patentf or otherwise as all other March'untf Str'ungers, of and for every Sacke of Woll lxvj s. viij d.; and of and for everye CCxl*1 Wollefellf lxvj s. viij d. j And allso for everye Laste of Hydes and Backs lxxiij s. iiij d.; and so of all the saide Wollf Woollfellf Hydes and Backes and everye of them after the rate, that so is or shalbe caryed : to have take enjoye and pceive the Subsidyes aforesaide and everye of them, and every pte and pcell of them to your Highnes from the first daye of your moste noble Reigne, during your life naturall.

Grant of Tonnage; J t. per Ton on all Wine imported j and j s. more on Sweet Wine, imported by Aliens;

Rhcniah Wine,

J a. per Awlme. Poundage j viz.

I a. in the Pound Value on all Merchandizes exported and imported i and i •. more on Tin and Pewter exported bjr Aliena. Exception for Woofi and Leather exported;

[her 11.]

Winea and Prori-aiona imported.

II.

A Subsidy on Wooll and Leather exported;

331. ad. per Sack, See. of Wool, and 651. 8d. per Lait of Hides exported by Natives j 661. Md. on Wool and WoolfclU

73a. 4-d. on Hidea exported by Aliens:

All the Subiidica for Term of the King's Life.

And further we your saide poore Comens most humblie desire yor Ma" that it maye be enacted by your Highnes by thadvise and assent of the Lordes aforesaide and us your saide Comens and by the foresaide aucthoritie of this pnt plament assembled, That the gyftes and gr'untf aforesaide shalbe good and effectuall according to the trewe meanynge of the same: And that it maye be further enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that yf anny Wynes goods march'undizes Wollf Wollfellf hydes and backs of Leather aforesaide or other things afore specefyed, wherof the Subsidies aforesaide or anny of them is or shalbe hereafter dewe, shall at anny tyme hereafter during the tyme aforesaide be shipped or putt into anny bote Crayer Shipp or Vessell to that Intent to be carryed into the ptes of beyonde the Sea, or ells be brought from the pties of beyonde the Sea into anny porte haven Creeke or other place of this your Realme by waye of March'undize and there layed on lande. The Subsidye aforesaide of the same dewe or to be dewe by reasone of this gr'unte not payed, or the Collecto' of the same Subsidie not agreed w*1’ for the same, according to the trewe meaninge and Intent of these aforesaide gr'untf and everye of them, That then from the first daye of Marche nexte edminge, and not before, all the saide wynes goods march'undizes woolf Woolfellf hydes and backs and other the premises aforesaide and everye pte and pcell thereof, so shipped or ells put into army bote crayer or other Vessell aforesaide to thintent aforesaide or brought into this Realme and there layed on Lande as is allso aforesaide, shall remayne forfaite to your Highnes during the tyme aforesaide; The one Moitye therof or the vallewe therof to your Highnes, and the other Moitye to him or them that shall sease the same or sue for the same: And that it maye please yo' Highnes that all march'untf aswell Denizens as Straungers cominge into this your Realme be well and honestlie intreated and demeaned, as theye were in the tyme of yo' aforesaide noble progenito", withowt oppression to them to be doon, paying the Subsidyes abovesaide.

III.

71k aid Grant! declared effect ual:

Merchandize, imported or exported without Payment of the Subsidy thervon, shall be forfeited.

Merchant! shall be well treated.

And further that it maye be enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anny goods March'undizes Wollf Wollfellf Provisofurallowinj or Lether aforesaide or anny pte therof, of anny march'unte Denizon naturallye borne your Leege Man, which shall passe owt of this your saide Realme after the saide first daye of Marche during the tearme of this gifte and gr'unte, Good, lost at Sea. shall happen to be taken with ennemyes or pyratf uppon the Sea, or peryshed by Infortune in anny Shipp or Shippf that shall happen to be taken or pished within the tyme of the saide gr'unte, wherof the Subsidies aforesaide or anny of them to your Highnes dewe or to be dewe is or shalbe in fourme aforesaide dewlie paide or agreed for, without fraude or collusyon, and suche Losse or Losses as byn before rehersed be foundc and proved before the Treasourer of Englande or the Chief Baron of your Exchequer for the tyme being, by examination of the same March'untf yf theye be on Live or of their executors or administrate" yf theye be deade, or twoo trewe crcdyble parsons sworne or other reasonable witnesses and profes sworne witnessing the same March'undizes so to be lost or pished, That then the same

' awne O.

■ c?y 0.

24

1° Edw. VI. c. 13, 14

A.D. 154?

March’untf Denizons, that were or shalbe owners of the aforesaide goods march’undizes Woll Wollfellf hydes or other March’undizes aforesaide as shalbe so perished or loste, yf theye be on Life or their executo" & administrate" yf theye be deade, and everye of them, by force and vertewe of this Acte when them lykethe during the saide tearme shall [mowe'] shipp as muche woll wollfellf hydes or other March’undize, in the same porte or portes in which the same Woll Wollfellf hydes or other goods and March*undizes aforesaide so loste and perished were or shalbe shipped, withowt anny of the Subsidies aforesaide now gr’unted to be had or payed therfore to youe in anny wise; And that all suche profes of the premises so to be lost or peryshed be certefyed into your Ch*uncerye by yor saide Treasourer or Chief Baron, there to remayne of Recorde, and after suche certificate made the Ch’uncelo' of Englande, or the Lorde Repar of yo' Create Seale for the tyme being, doo make and deliver unto the saide March*untf their executo" or administrato" or anny of them or to their atto'neye or atto'neys in that bihalfe or anny of them, as manny and suche Writtf and Warr*untf, to be directed aswell to the Collecto" of the Subsidyes aforesaide or anny or everye of them for the tyme being, as to the Treasourer and Barons of yor Exchequer for the tyme being, as shalbe requisite and nedefull for the saide March’untf their executo" or administrato" or their Attomye or Atto'neys or anny of them, or the saide Collecto'* or anny of them, to have for the opteyninge aswell of the Shipping as of allowance therof.

And further that everye March'unte Denizen, that shall shipp hereafter anny Wooll Wollfellf Hydes or anny other Goods and March’undizes in anny Carryke or Galleye, shall paye to yo' Ma" during the tyme aforesaide all manner Customes and all Subsidyes aforesaide as any Alyen borne owt of this your Realme.

(*) Provided allwaies that no Acte Statute or Ordyn*unce, had made or to be made in this pnt plament, be in anny wise hurtefull or prejudicyall unto the March’untf of the Hans in Almayne, having the howse in the Citie of London comonlie called Guilhalda Theutonicop, nor to any fr*unchesies liberties or privilegf to them or their predecesso's before this tyme had agreed gr*unted or confirmed, nor to anny lawfull usages by them or by their predecessor" before this tyme used; but that the saide March*untf and their Successo" have holde and enjoye all their saide franchises liberties and free usages, according to suche gr*untf confirmacbns and agrementf as by the Kinge and his [nobe5] progenito's Kings of Englande have byn agreed made and gr*unted and had to the saide March’untf and their predecesso", and according to their lawful usages in everye thing, by what so ever other name or names the same March’untf or anny of them be called or named ; any Acte Statute or Ordyn’unce made or to be made in this pnt plament to the contrarie notwithstanding: this pnt Proviso to endure and contynewe unto thend of this pnt plament.

V.

Goods shipped in Gillies, &c. shall pay Alien Duty.

VI.

Proviso for the Merchants of the Hansr.

CHAPTER XIV.

Superstition of Masses for the Dead, supported by Chauntries, &c.

The Revenues thereof better applied to Schools, Colleges, 8cc.

Recital of Stat.

37 H. VHI. c. 4, for Dissolution of Colleges, Chauntries, &c.

An Acte wherby certaine Ch’untries Colleges Free Chapellf and the Possessions of the same be given to the Kings Ma".

THE Kings moste lovinge Subjects the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this pnt plament assembled, consydering that a greate pte of Superstition and Erro" in Christian Religion hath byn brought into the myndes and estimac&n of men, by reasone of the Ignor’unce of their verie trewe and pfecte salvacon throughe the deathe of Jesus Christ, and by devising and phantasinge vayne opynions of Purgatorye and Masses satisfactorye to be done for them which be departed, the which doctryne and vayn opynion by nothing more is mayntayned and upholden then by the abuse of Trentallf Ch’untries and other provisions made for the contynuance of the saide blyndness and ignor’unce; And further considering and understanding that the alteration chaunge and amendeinent of the same, and converting to good and godlie uses, as in erecting of Gramer Scoles to the education of Youthe in vertewe and godlinesse, the further augmenting of the Universities and better provision for the poore and nedye, can not in this pnt plament be provyded and convenyentlie doon, nor can not ne ought to anny other manner parsone be comitted then to the Kings Highnes, whose Ma" with and by thadvise of his Highnes moste prudent Counsaile can and will moste wiseleye and beneficiallye bothe for the honno' of God and the weale of this his Ma"‘ Realme order alter converte and dispose the same; And calling further to their remembr’unce that in the plament holden at Westmestre the xxxvij,h yere of the Reigne of o' late Soveraigne Lorde King Henry theight, father to our moste drad and naturall Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is. It was ordeyned enacted and established, amongst other things, that all and singuler Colleges free Chappellf Chauntyres Hospitallf Fratemityes Brotherheddf Guyldes and other promotions, mentioned in the saide former Acte, had or made to have contynuaunce in ppetuitie for ever, and then being or that had or ought to be contributorye or chargeable to the payment of the First Fruictf and Tenthes according to the Lawes and Statutf in that bihalfe had and made, by what name surname degree or corporation theye or anny of them were founded ordeyned established erected named called or knowen, and all and singuler the Mansyon howses Manno" Orchardf gardens landes tenementf pastures woodes waters rents reversions s'vices comons tythes penc&ns portions Churches Chappellf advousons noiacons pronages annuityes Rights Interests entrees conditions Leetes Court f libertyes privileges Fr’unchesies and other heredytamentf what so ever, then appertayninge or belonging or that did appertayne or belonge or were assigned or appointed to anny suche College Free Chappell Chauntrye Hospitall Fraternitye brotherhed guylde Stipendarye Preist or other the saide promocons, or to anny of them, or accepted knowen or taken as pte pcell or membre of them or anny of them, and to the saide Colleges Ch’untries Freechappellf Hospitallf Fraternities brotherhed guylde Stipendarye preistf or other promocons or to anny of them unyted or annexed, wltl bitwene the iiij,b daye of Februarye in the xxvijlh yere of the saide late late Kings Reigne and the xxv"‘ daye of Decembre in the xxxvij,h of 1

1 newe 0. 9 The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. J noble O.

,#.0.1547.

1° Edw. VI. c. 14

25

his Graces Reigne, by reatone of anny entree expulisyon bargayne Sale Feoffament Fyne recoverye Lease or other conveyance therof made were dissolved determyned or relinquished by anny of the Waies meanes or conveyaunces mentyoned in the saide Acte or otherwise, other then suche of them as then were in the possession of the s-tide late King, or that were gr*unted or assured by his Lycence agrement consent or tres patent? to anny psone or psons, or then had ben lawfullie obteyned or recovered by anny parsone by anny former right or Tytle without fraude or covyne, or by the Kings Lycence, shoulde from thensfurthc by aucthoritie of the same former Acte be adjudged and demed and allso be in the verie actuall and reale possession and Seasone of the saide late King and of his heires and Successo" for ever, in as large and ample manner as the saide preistf Wardens masters ministers gouverno" [or ■] Rulers or other Incumbentf or anny of them, or the Patrons dono" or founders of (') anny of them, at anny time sithens the saide fourthe daye of Februarye in the xxvij,h Yere aforesaide, had occupyed or enjoyed or then had occupyed or enjoyed the same, and as thoughe all and singuler the saide Collegf Ch*untries Hospitallf Free Chappell? Fraternities brotherhedd? Guyldes and other the saide promoc&ns and the saide Manno" Landes Teiit? heredytament? and other the premisses what so ever theie be and everye of them, had ben in the saide former Acte specyallye pticulerlye and certaynlie rehersed named and expressed by expresse wordes names surnames corporations tytles and faculties and in their naturall Kyndes and qualities; The saide entrees expulsions bargaynes Sales Fynes feoffament? Recoveries or other assuraunce and conveyaunce what so ever they were had or made, (excepte before in the former Acte excepted) to the contrarie notwithstanding: And where allso it was enacted and gr*unted to the saide late King by the saide former Acte, that the same late King during his naturall Life might make and directe his Comission and Comissions, under his greate Seale, to enter into all and singuler suche and as manny Ch*untries Freechappell? Hospitall? Colleges and other the promotions mentioned in the saide former Acte, and into all and singuler suche Manno" Mansions howses meases Landes Tenement? pastures Wood? Waters Rent? rever£6ns S'vices possessions and other heredytament? what so ever, or into anny pte or pcell therof, in the name seasone and possession of all the heredytamentf annexed unyted belonging or appertayninge to anny Ch*untrie Hospitall Free Chappell College Fraternitye brotherhed Guylde or other the saide promotions, or wherof anny Preist? Provost? Governo" Rulers or other Incumbentf of them or any of them, by what name surname degree tytle or corporation theye and everye of them or anny of them were foundetl erected ordeyned established named called or knowen, then had or enjoyed or that [hereafter1 ] shoulde have or enjoye to the saide Countries Hospitallf Freechappell? Colleges Fratemityes brotherheddf guyldes or other the saide promotions, that then were chargeable to the payment of the First Fruictf and Tenthes, and all Colleges that were chargeable or not chargeable to the saide payment of the First Fruict? and Tenthes as is aforesaide, or to anny of them, as shoulde be named expressed and appointed in the saide comission or comissions, and to seise and take the same Countries Hospitallf Colleges Freechappellf Fratemityes brotherheddf Guyldes, and other the saide promotions Manno" Landes Teiitf and other the Premises mentyoned in the saide Comission or Comissions and in everye of them, and every pte pcell and membre of the same into the Kings possession and handes ; To have and to holde the same to the saide late King and to his heyres and Successo" for ever ; as by the saide former Acte amongest other thing? more at large apperethe: It is now ordeyned and enacted by the King or Soveraigne Lorde with thassent of the Lordes (4) and C5mons in this pnt plament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all manner of Colleges Free Chappell? and Countries, having being or in esse within five Yeres next before the firste daye of this pnt plament, which were not in actuall and reall possession of the saide late King, nor in the actuall and reall possession of the King o' Soveraigne Lorde that now is, nor excepted in the saide former Acte in so'me abovesaide, other then suche as by the Kings Comissions in so'me hereafter mentyoned shalbe altered transposed or chaunged, And all Manno" Landes Tenementf Rents Tythes pencons porcons and other heredytamentf and things above mentioned belonging to them or anny of them, and allso all Manno" Landes Tenement? Rents and other heredytamentf and things above mentyoned, by anny manner of assuraunce conveyaunce will devise or otherwise had made suffred knowledged or declared, given assigned lymited or appoynted to the fynding of anny Preist to have contynuance for ever, and wherew11* or whereby anny Preist was susteyned mayntayned or founde, within five Yeres next before the first daye of this pnt plament, which were not in the actuall and reall possession of the saide late King, nor in the actuall and reall possession of o' Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is, and allso all annuall Rents profittf and emolumentf, at anny tyme within fyve yeres next before the begyninge of this pnt plament employed payed or bestowed towarde or for the mayntenaunce supportacon or fynding of anny Stipendary Preist intended by anny Acte or Writing to have contynuaunce for ever, shall by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, iiiiediatelie after the feast of Easter next cominge, be adjudged and demed and allso be in the verie actuall and reall possession and seasone of the King o' Soveraigne Lorde and his heires and Successo" for ever; without anny Office or other Inquisicon therof to be had or founde, and in as large and ample manner and so'me as the Preistf Wardens Masters Ministers Gouverno" Rulers or other Incumbentf of them or anny of them at anny tyme w'"in five Yeres next before the begyninge of this pnt plament had occupyed or enjoyed or now hath occupyethe or enjoyethe the same ; and as thoughe all and singuler the saide Colleges Free Chappellf Countries Stipend? Salaries of Preistf and the saide Manno" Landes Tenementf (’) and other the premisses what so ever theye be, and everye of them, were in this pnt Acte speciallye pdcularlye and certaynelie rehersed named and expressed, by expresse wordes names surnames corpora cons tytles and faculties, and in their natures Kyndes and Qualities.

And over that be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that where any manno" landes tenementf tythes penc&ns porc&ns rents profittf or other heredytamentf, by anny manner of assur*unce conveyaunce will devise or otherwise at anny tyme heretofore had made suffred knowledged or declared, were given assigned or appointed to or for the maynten’unce sustentaeftn or fynding of one preist or divers preistf for tearme of certaine yeres yet contynuinge, and that anny preist hath byn mayntayned susteyned or founde with the same or with the Revenues or Proffitt? therof

> 0. omits. * them or O. * therafter O.

* spiritual! 0.—struck through with a Pen. * Heicditamentf 0.

The late King empowered to commission Persons, during his Life, to enter into the PossesV on s of all Chauntrics, &c.

All Colleges, free Chapels, and Chauntries existing within Five Years preceding this Parliament, and not in the a4tu.il Possession of the late or present King, (except such as shall be altered by the King'sCommission) declared to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the present King, wills all their Lands and Revenues, without any Office found, arc.

11.

Lands, Sc. given to Priests, for Ye.irs, shall be vested in the King for the Remainder of such Tcim of Years.

I

26

1° Edw. VI. c. 14.

within Five Teres last past. That the King from the saide feast of Easter next cominge shall have and enjoye in everie bihalfe for and during all suche tyme to come, everye suche and lyke thinge tenementf heredytamentf profittf and emolumentf as the preist or preistf ought or shoulde have had for or towarde his or their maynten*unce sustenance or fynding, and for no lengar or further tyme nor for anny other profitt advantage or comodide therof to be taken.

Provided allwaies and it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoride of this pnt plament, That when and as sone as the tyme assigned for the maynten’unce sustentacbn or fynding of the preiste or preiste shalbe expyred and runne. That then mter.without suing it shalbe lawfull to everye parsone and parsons, to whome anny manno" landes tenement f tythes porc&ns penc&ns Livery, &c. rents and other heredytamentf or anny of them shoulde have belonged or appertayned yf the saide former Acte and this Acte had never byn had or made, to enter into rake pceive have and enjoye the same, withowt anny manner of Liverye ouster le mayne pet icon or other suite to be made to the King; in lyke manner so'me and condicftn to all intents constructions and purposes as thoughe the saide former Acte and this Acte had never been had or made, and as thoughe the King had never had anny seasone or possession therof: Anny thing in the saide former Acte or in this Acte to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

III.

On Expiration of such Term Reversioner*

IV.

Land* given for Maintenance of perpetual Obit*, vested in the King.

V.

Where Part of Profits of Lands have been given for any perpetual Obit, the King shall have an annual Rent-Charge to the Amount;

with Power of Distress and Entry for Default of Payment.

VI.

All Sums of Money payable by Corporations for Priests, Obits, Sec. vested in the King as Rent-Charges;

with Power of Distress on all the Lands of the Corporations:

And be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that the King or Soveraigne Lorde his heyres and successo", from the saide feast of Easter next cominge, shall have holde pceive and enjoye for ever, all landes tenement^ rente and other heredytamente which, by anny manner of assur*nce conveyaunce wills will devise or otherwise at anny tyme heretofore had made suffred knowledged or declared, were given assigned or appoynted to go or be employed wholie to the fynding or maynten'unce of anny Anniversarye or Obyte or other lyke thing intent or purpose, or of anny light or lampe in anny Churche or Chappell to have contynuance for ever, which hath byn kepte or mayntayned wll,in five Yeres next before the saide first daie of this pnt plament.

And allso that where but pte of the Issues or Revenues of anny Manno" Landes Tenemente Rente or other heredytamentf hath, by anny of the waics or meanes abovesaide, byn given assigned or appoynted to be bestowed or employed to the fynding or maynten*unce of anny Anniversarye or Obyte or other lyke thing intent or purpose, or of anny light or lampe in anny Churche or Chappell and to have contynuauncc for ever. That then o' [saide'] Soveraigne Lorde the King shall, from the saide feaste of Easter next cominge for ever, have pceive and enjoye everye suche somes of moneye that in anny one yere within five yeres next before the first daye of this pnt plament hath byn expended and bestowed abowt the fynding or tnaynten'unce of anny suche Anniversarye or Obyte or other lyke thing intent or purpose, or of anny Light or Lampe, to him his heires and successo" for ever, as a Rent charge to be payed yerelye at the feastes of S* Michell tharch'ungell and thanucacbn of o’ Lady S' Marye the Vyrgyne, by even porcons in the Kings Courte of the Augmentations and Revenues of his Crowne, or in anny other Courte or Courtes as the King hereafter shall appointe: And that it shalbe lawfull to o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King his heyres and successo" for non payment of anny suche some or somes of moneye to distrayne in the saide Manno" Landes and Tenemente of the Issues and Revenues wherof the saide Anniversarye or Obyte or other lyke thing or anny suche Light or Lampe was founde susteyned or mayntayned ; And that for lacke of sufficyent distresse in or uppon anny of the premisses wherof anny of the saide yerelye Rente or Somes of Monye shoulde be payed by the space of one monethe next after that anny of the saide Rente shoulde be payed and be not payed w"'in the saide moneth, That then it shalbe lawfull to and for o' Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires and successo" by vertewe of this pnt Acte to entre into and to have and possede as muche of the Landes Tenement f and Hereditamente, wherof the saide Rent or Rentis [that ’] shoulde be levyed or payed as. the Rent or Rente that shoulde be levyed or paide owt of the same dothe or shall amounte or come to in yerelie vaflewe, and the same Landes Tenemente and Heredytamentf to holde and kepe and to have to our saide Soveraigne Lord the King his heyres and assignes, for ever, or for suche estate as o' Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires or successo" had or ought to have had of or in the saide Rent or Rentes.

And it is allso ordeyned and enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnt plament, that o' Soveraigne Lorde the King shall, from the saide feaste of Easter nexte cominge, have pceive and enjoye all and singuler suche s5mes of moneye profittf comodities and emolumentf which, by vertewe of anny manner of assuraunce conveyaunce composicbn will devise or otherwise heretofore, have byn given assigned lymited or appointed to have contynuaunce for ever, which in anny one Yere within five Yeres nexte before the begynninge of this pnt plament have byn payed bestowed or employed by anny manner of corporacons guyldes fraternities companies or felowshippf or misteryes or craftes or anny of them, being in Englande Wales and other the Kings dominions, or by the Maisters Wardens Gouvemo"or other Officers or Ministers or by the Maister Warden Gouverno' or other Officer or Minister of them or anny of them, towarde or abowte the fynding maynteri'unce or sustentacbn of anny preist or preistf, of anny Anniversarye or Obyte, lampe light or lightes or other lyke thing as is aforesaide, to o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires and successo" for ever; to be payed yerelye as a Rent charge at the feastes of S* Michell tharclVungell and thanucacbn of o' Ladye by even porebns in the Kings Courte of the Augmentations and Revenues of Itis Crowne or in anny other Courte or Courtes as the King hereafter shall appointe: And that it shalbe lawfull to our saide Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires and successo", for non payment of anny suche somes or some of nioneye profitt comodide or emolument or for non payment of anny of them, to distreyne in all the Manno" Landes and Tenementf of everye suche craftes corporacons guyldes fratemityes companyes or fellowshippf of misteryes or craftes or anny of them, by whome or by the Maisters Wardens Governo" or other Officers or Ministers or Maister Warden Gouvemor or Minister of the which anny suche somes or some of moncyc proffitt comodide or emolument have or hath byn payed bestowed or employed ; And that all and everye of the saide somes of moneye proffittf comodities and cinolumeutf shall, from the feaste of Easter next cominge, withowt anny manner

1 0. omits.

ft

t

i

i

s

I

ii

Jr.

z

H«

hi

at

ii

it;

IB

ii

41

Bl

<»

IS

i

'4

V

it

4i

A.D. 1547

1° Edw. VI. c. 14.

27

of Inquisicon or Office to be had or founde be judged and demed to be in the actuall and reall possession of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King, in lyke manner and so'rne to all intentf constructions and purposes as yf the same had byn pnculerlye and speciallye mentyoned in this present Acte.

And furthermore be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the King o’ Soveraigne Lorde shall from the saide feaste of Easter next cominge have and enjoye to him his heires and successo" for ever, all fralemitycs brotherheddf and guyldes being within the Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Kings Dominions, and all Manno" Landes Tenementf and other heredytamentf belonging to them or anny of them, other then suche corporations guyldes fraternities companyes and felowshippf of misteryes or craftes, and the Manno'* Landes Teiltf and other heredytamentf pteyning to the saide corporacons guyldes fraternities companies and felowshippf of misteries or craftes above mentyoned, and shall by vertewe of this Acte be judged and demed in actuall and real possession of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires and successo" from the saide feaste of Easter next cominge for ever, withowt anny inquisiettns or office therof to be had or founde.

And allso be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires and successo", at his and their will and pleasure, maye directe his and their Commission and Comissions under the Create Seale of Englande to suche parsons as it shall please him, and that the same Comissioners, or twoo of them at the least, shall have full power and aucthoride by vertewe of this Acte and of the saide Comission, aswell to survey all and singuler Laye corporations guyldes fratemityes companyes and felowshippf of Misteries or Craftes incorporate and everyc of them, as all other the saide fratemityes brotherheddf and guyldes within the Lymittf of their Comission to them directed, and all the evydences compositions books of accomptes and other wriringf of cverye of them, to the Intent therby to knowe what moneye and other things was payed or bestowed to the fynding or maynten‘uncc of anny Preist or Preistf Anniversarye or Obyte or other lyke thing, Light or Lampe, by them or anny of them; as allso to enquyre searche and trye, by all suche wayes and meanes as to them shalbe thought mete and convenyent, what Manno" Landes Teiitf Rents and other heredytamentf proffiitf comodities emolumentf and other things be geven lymited or appoynted to o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King by this Acte, within the lymittf of their Comissyon: And allso that the same Comissyoners or twoo of them at the least, by vertewe of this Acte and of the Comissyon to them directed, shall have full power and aucthoride to assigne and shall appoyntc, in everye suche place where guylde fratemitye the Preist or Incumbent of anny Ch*untrye in Esse the first daie of this pnt plament by the foundation ordyri*unce [the'] first Institution therof shoulde or ought to have kepte a gramer scoole or a preacher, and so hath doon sithen the feaste of S' Michell Tharch"ungell last past, Landes Tenementf and other heredytamentf of everye suche Ch*untrye guylde and fratemitye to remayne and contynue in Succession to a Scoole Maister or preacher for ever, for and towarde the kepinge of a Gramer Scoole or preaching, and for suche godlye intentf and purposes and in suche manner and so'rne as the same Comyssyoners or twoo of them at the least shall assigne or appoynte: and allso to make and ordeyne a vycar to have ppetuitye for ever in everye pishe Churche, the first daye of this pnt plament being a Colledge free Chappell or C.h"untrie or appropriated and annexed or united to anny Colledge free Chappell or Ch’untrie that shall come to the Kings handes by vertewe of this Acte, and to endowe everye suche Vycar sufficyentlie, having respecte to his cure and charge ; the same endowement to be to everye suche Vycar and to his successo" for ever withowt anny other lycence or graunte of the King the Bishopp or other Officers of the Diocesse: And allso the saide Comissioners or twoo of them at the least shall have aucthoride, by force of this Acte, to assigne in everye greate Towne or pishe where theye shall thincke necessarye to have more Preistf then one for the ministering of the Sacramentf within the same Towne or pishe, Landes and Teiltf belonging to anny Ch*unterye Chappell or Sripendarye Preist being within the same Towne or pishe the first daye of this pnt plament, to be to suche parsone and parsons as the saide Comissioners or twoo of them at the least shall assigne or appointe, to contynue in successyon for ever, for and towardes the sufficyent fynding and maynten’unce of one or mo Preistf within the same Towne or pishe as by the saide Comissioners or two of them shalbe thought necessarye or convenyent; and as well to make ordynaunces and rules concerninge the s'vice user and demeano" of everye suche Preist and Scoole Maister, as is aforesaide to be appoynted, as allso by what name or names he and theye shall from hensfurthe be named and called: And allso that the saide Comissioners or twoo of them at the least shall have full power and aucthoritie, by vertewe of this Acte and of the saide Comissyon to them directed, to assigne aswell to every Deane Maister Warden Provost and other Incumbent and Minister of anny of the saide Colleges free Chappellf or Ch*untries being within the lymittf of their C5missyon wrt' hereafter shalbe dissolved or determyned by vertewe of this Acte, as to everye Stipendarye Preist and other Preist whose Salarye the King shalbe entytuled unto by this Acte, as to everye fellowe and poore pson having yerelie relief owt of anny of the saide Colleges Free Chappellf or Countries being w"'in the lymittC of their Comission, suche severall yerelie anuityes pentions or other recompences during their severall Lifes as to the same Comissioners or twoo of them shalbe thought mete and convenyent: And over that the saide Comissioners, or twoo of them at the least, shall have full power and aucthoritie, by vertewe of this Acte and of the Comission to them directed, to enquire and trye by suche wayes and meanes as they shall thincke mete and convenyent, what moneye proffit and benefite anny poore parsone or psons, by vertewe of anny conveyaunce assuraunce composition will deivise or otherwise heretofore had or made intended or inent to have contynuaunce for ever, had or enjoyed w"'in five yeres next before the begynninge of this pnt plament, owt of anny College Free Chappell or Ch'untrye and other the premises given lymited or appoynted to the King by this Acte, being within the lymittf of their Comission, and thereuppon to make assignementf and orders, in suche manner and so'rne as all and singuler suche saide moneye proffitt and comoditye shalbe payed to poore people for ever, according to suche saide assuraunce composicon and will deivise or other thing had or made for the same, and to assigne and appoynte Landes Tenementf or other heredytamentf pcell of the premises for the mayntenaunce and contynuaunce of

without Office found.

VII.

All Brotherhoods or Guilds, and their Possessions, except Companies of Trade, vested in the King.

VIII.

Commissioners to be appointed, under the Great Seal with Power to survey all Lay Corporations, and to enquire of the Revenuesapplicable to Priests, Obits, fcc.j

and of I.ands, fee. vested in the King by this Act

and to assign Lands applicable to Grammar Schools 2

and to appoint and endow Vicars;

and to assign Lands fur Maintenance of additional Priests in any Parish;

and to make Rules for Priests and Schoolmasters ; and to assign yearly Pensii ns for Life to Deans, Priests, or poor Persons dependent on dissolved Colleges, ike. 2

and to enquire of perpetual Allowances to poor People, and make Assignments fur Payment thereof 2

1 or O.

D

28

1° Edw.VI. c. 14.

A.D. 154J.

and alao to apply Lands for Piers, Sea-banks, &c.

Annuities, Pensions, lee. so allowed shall be paid Half-yearly by the King's Receivers, &c.

IX. Commissioners shall make all Assignments of such Pensions, Ac. favourably:

All Assignments and Rules made by Commissioners declared valid.

X.

Pensions, Sec. shall not exceed annual Amount of former Advantages.

XI.

Pensions, Ac. shall cease, on Promotion of the Parties.

XII.

Commissioners shall, within One Year, make Certificate of all Lands, Ac. assigned by them under this Act.

XIII.

Goods, Plate, Ac. of suppressed Colleges, given to the King.

XIV. Debts of such Colleges, Ac. shall be paid by the King.

XV.

Act shall not extend to Colleges in Cambridge or Oxford 5

nor to St. George's Chapel, Windsor; nor to Winchester and Eton ; nor to Chapel in the Sea, in Ely ; nor to Parochial Chapels of Ease;

the same for ever; and allso to appointe to Fratemityes brotherhedde and guyldes, Landes Tenemente and heredytamentf pcell of the premisses towardes and for the maynten*unce of Piers Jutties Walls or banckf against the rages of the Sea havens and Criekes: And that all and singuler aftuityes pencons and other recompences shalbe halfe yerelie paide to the parsons to whom the same ought to be payde, by the Kings Receyvor for the tyme being of his Landes comonlie called the suppressed Landes, or other his Revenues lying in the Countie or Citie where suche College Free Chappell or Ch"untrye or other the premisses given lymited or appointed to the King by this Acte the first daye of this pnt plament were or remayned, without anny Fee or rewarde therfore to be payed ; The first payment to begynne at the feast of S* Michell Tharch"ungell next cominge: And that everye suche receivo' uppon his accompte shall have full and dewe allowaunce of all suche anuityes pencons and other recompences by him payed by vertewe of anny suche assignement to be made by the saide Comissyoners or twoo of them at the leaste.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that the saide Comissyoners and everye of them that shall take uppon him the execucon of anny of the saide Comissions, shalbe bownde, as he will answer before God, to execute the Comission to him and other directed beneficyallye towardes the deanes maistres wardens provostf and other incumbentf and ministers aforesaide, and towardes the poore people concerninge the said assignementf, and allso towarde the maynten*unce of piers jutties walles and banckf against the rages of the Sea, Havons and Creekes: And that all manner of assignementf and Ordyn*unces, to be made by the saide Comissyoners or two of them at the least and certefyed under their Seales or the Seales of twoo of them at the least into the Kings Courte of the Augmentacons and Revenues of his Crowne, or to anny other Courte or Courtes by the Kings Ma" to be made or assigned, shall by vertewe of this Acte and of the saide Comissions be as good and effectuall in the Lawe to all intentf constructions and purposes as thoughe the same had byn assigned and ordeyned by aucthoritie of this pnt plament by expresse and apte wordes teannes and sentences.

Provided allso that such anuityes pencons or other recompences, that the saide Comissyoners or anny of them shall assigne or appointe to be payed yerelye to anny suche deane maister warden gouverno' or other incumbent feltowe or minister, shall not extende to anny more clere yerelye vallewe then suche deane maister warden provost gouverno' or other incumbent felowe or minister or his predecesso' lawfiillye had or enjoyed, in moneye meate dryncke livereye or allowaunce of the same yerelye, w,llin five yeres next before the begyninge of this pnt plament.

Provided allso that yf any of the saide maisters wardens provostf gouverno" or other incumbentf fellowe or ministers shall at anny tyme hereafter, during his life be promoted by the King to anny benefice or other spuall promoebn, being of a better clere yerelye vallewe then his saide anuitye or pencon or other recompence shalbe of, that then the aiiuitye pencon or other recompence that anny suche deane maister warden gouverno' provost or other incumbent fellowe minister that so shalbe promoted shall have, shall imedyatlye after suche promotyon had cease and utterlye determyne.

And be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament. That the saide Comissioners or twoo of them at the least, to whoine anny Comissyon by vertewe or meane of this Acte shalbe directed and delyvered, shalbe bownden, uppon the forfaiture everye of them of a hundrethe powndes, to make (') certificate under their Seales or the Seales of twoo of them at the least into the saide Courte of the Augmentacons and Revenues of the Kings Crowne, or into anny other Courte as is aforesaide, within one Yere next after the Comissyon to them directed, of all Manno" Landes Tenementf Rents Tyths porcons pencons heredytamentf and recompencf by the same Comissioners or twoo of them assigned or appoynted to anny of the uses intentf or purposes above mentyoned.

And allso be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritye of this pnt plament that our Soveraigne Lorde the King shall have and enjoye all suche goods cattallf jewellf plate ornamentf and other moveables, as were or be the comon goods of everye suche Colledge Ch'untrye Freechappell or Stipendarye Priest belonging or annexed to the furniture or service of their severall foundations, or abused of anny of the saide corporations in the abuses aforesaide, the propertye wherof was not altered nor chaunged before the viij daye of Decembre in the yere of o' Lorde God 1547.

And allso it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that all suche debtes and sbmes of moneye as ought or shoulde withowt fraude or covyne hereafter be payed of the moneye or goods of anny of the saide Colleges, dewe or payable by reasone of anny contracte specialtye or promes had or made before the same viij,h daye, shall trulie and fullye be payed by the Treasourer of the Kings Courte of Thaugmentacbns and Revenues of his Crowne, or by the Treasourer or Receivo' of anny other Courte to which anny of the premisses shalbe appoynted, of the Kings Treasure being in his or theire handes with as convenyent spede as the same maye be payed.

Provided allwayes and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That this Acte or anny artyde dawse or matter conteyned in the same, shall not in anny wise extende to anny College Ilostell or Hall being within either of the Universities of Cambrydge and Oxforde; nor to anny Ch'unterye founded in anny of the Colleges Hostellf or Halls being in the same Universities ; nor to the Free Chappell of S' George the Martyr scituate in the Castell of Wyndeso'; nor to the Colledge called S1 Marye Colledge of Winchester besydes Winchester of the foundation of Bishopp Wikeham ; nor to the College of Eton ; nor to the pishe Churche comonlye called the Chappell in the Sea in Newton within the Isle of Elye in the Countye of Cambrydge; nor to anny Manno" Landes Tenementf or heredytamentf to them or anny of them ptayninge or belonging; nor to any Chappell made or ordeyned for the ease of the people dwelling distaunt from the pishe churche or suche lyke Chappell, wherunto no more Landes or Tenementf

A.D. 1547-

1° Edw.YI. c. 14

29

then the Churche Yarde or a lytle Howse or close dothe belonge or ptaine; nor to anny Cathedrall Churche or Colledge where a Bishoppf Sea is within this Realme of Englande or Wales, nor to the Mannours Landes Tefitf or other heredytamentf of anny of them, other then to suche Countries Obytes lightes and lampes or anny of them, as at anny tyme w^n five yeres next before the begynninge of this pnt plament have ben had used or mayntayned within the saide Cathedrall Churches or within anny of them, or of the Issues Revenues or Proffittf of anny of the saide Cathedrall Churches; to which Chaunteryes Obytes Lightes and Lampes, it is enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaide that this Acte shall extende.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that o' Soveraigne Lorde the King at anny tyme during his Life (which God longe preserve) maye at his Will and Pleasure alter and chaunge the name or names of all and singuler Chaunterys, and the foundac&ns of the same, being in any of the Colleges hostellf or halls of anny of the saide Universities according as to his godlie wisdome shalbe thought mete and convenyent.

Saving to all and everye parsone and parsons bodies politique and Corporate their heirf and Successo" and the heyres and successo'* of everye of them, other then the maisters wardens ministers gouvemo" Rulers Preistf Incumbentf fellows and brethren of the saide Colleges Ch*unteryes Free Chappellf and other the premisses given lymited or appoynted to the King by this Acte and the Successo" of them and everye of them, and other then suche as be or pretende to be founders patrons or dono" of the premisses or anny of them or of anny pte or pcell therof and the heires successo" and assignes of everye or anny of them, and other then suche as be or were Feoffees [ recoveryes 1 ] conisics [grauntes *] or devisees of anny of the premisses to or for any of the uses purposes orlntentf above mentyoned, or to thuse of anny of the saide Colleges Free Chappellf Ch*unteryes or other the premisses given lymited or appointed by this Acte to the King, or to the Intent to employe the Rents or Proffittf therof to thuse of (*) Maisters rulers incumbentf or ministers of them or anny of them, and other then suche parsone and parsons and bodies politike and corporate their heires Successo" and assignes as clayme or pretende to have (4) Estate right tytle interest use possession or condic&n of in or to the premisses or anny pte or pcell therof, by reasone of anny Feoffament fyne bargayne and sale or by anny other wayes meanes or conveyaunce to them made of anny estate of Inheryt*unce, withowt the saide late Kings lycence assent consent or agrement and withowt the lycence assent or agrement of the Kings Ma" that now is, by anny of the saide deanes maisters wardens ministers gouverno" rulers preistf or incumbentf or by the Founders dono" or patrons of them or of anny of them, All suche right tytle clayme possession interest rents anuityes comodities comons offices fees leasses livereys livingf pentyons porc&ns debtes dewties and other proffittf, which theye or anny of them lawfullie have or of right ought to have or might have had in of or to anny of the premisses, or in of or to anny pte or pcell therof; in suche lyke manner so'me and condicon to all Intentf respects constructions and purposes as yf this Acte had never been had nor made, and as thoughe the saide Countries Collegf and other the saide promocons had still contynued and remayned in their full being: And saving to all and everye patrone dono* founder or [ gouvemo'1 ] of anny suche College Ch'unterye Free Chappell Stipendarye Preistf and other the Premisses given lymited or appointed to the King by this Acte, and the donno' feoffer and giver of the aforesaide Landes Tenementf or heredytamentf to them or anny of them, or to anny uses or purposes before mentioned, all suche rents svices rents seeke rents charge fees anuities proffittf and offices, and allso all Leasses for tearme of Life Lifes and Yeres whereuppon the accustumed Rent or more is res'ved, as theye or anny of them lawfullie had pceived and enjoyed in owt or of anny of the saide promocons, or owt of anny of the saide Landes Tenementf or heredytamentf before the first daye of this pnt plament.

And over that it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that all and everye psone and parsons being in Life which have or hath, for anny some of moneye to him or them payed, bargayned or solde any Manno" landes Tenementf or other heredytamentf aforesaide, whereunto the King o' Soveraigne Lorde is intytulcd by vertewe of this Acte, shall repaye to suche parsone as so bought anny of the saide Manno" Landes Tenementf or other heredytamentf or to his executo" or assignes, uppon a request therfore made, or within three monethes then next ensuinge the same request, as muche moneye as he or theye received for the Sale of [anny6] thing so by him or them solde: And for non payment therof suche parsone and parsons as purchaced or bought the saide Landes Tenementf and other the premisses or anny pcell therof, and their executo" and administrato", shalbe enhabled by the aucthoritie of this pnt plament to sue and mayntayne an action of debte at the Comon Lawes of this Realme, against suche parsone and psons as so bargayned or solde to him or them or to their testatour anny of the premisses belonging to anny College Ch*untrie Free Chappell or other promoebn spirituall, in which actyon of debte none essoyne protection or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted or allowed.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everye of the saide Chaunteryes Colleges and Free Chappellf and other the premisses given lymited or appoynted to the King by this Acte, and all the Mansyon howses Manno" Landes Tenementf possessions and heredytamentf and other the premisses what so ever theye be given lymited and appoynted to the King by this Acte, and every pte and pcell of them which by aucthoritie and vertewe of this Acte bene vested adjudged and demed or shalbe in the Kings Mat" possession and handes, or which the King shalbe entytled unto by vertewe of this Acte, shalbe in the order surveye and gouverm'unce of o’ Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Courte of the Augmentations and Revenues of his Crowne, or in suche other Courte as the King at anny tyme hereafter shall assigne name or appointe ; and so shall and maye be gr*unted letten and setto ferme, by the C.h'uncelo' officers and ministers of the same Courte or of anny other Courte so to be appointed, in suche manner and so'me as other Manno" landes tenementf, appointed to the same Courte of Augmentations and Revenues of his Graces Crowne or other Courte so to be appointed, bene to be gr*unted or letten. And that all Fermes issues revenues and profit! f cominge and growing of the same premisses and of everye pte therof shalbe taken and receyvcd to the Kings use by the officers and ministers

1 recoverers 0. * gr'unteez 0. 5 the 0. ; any O. gyvo' 0. * the 0.

nor to any Cathedral*, or their Lands, fee. except Chantries there, existing within Fire Years.

XVI.

The King may alter Chantries in the Universities.

$ XXXIII.

XVII. General Saving of Ilightsof Strangers.

Saving of Rents, Duties, &c. reserved by Patrons or Founders, fee. of Colleges, ire. suppressed.

XVIII. Persons having sold I.ands, vested in the King by this Act, shall repay the Money, to the Buyers

which shall be recoverable by Action of Debt.

XIX.

Lands, dec. vested in the King by this Act, shall be under the Survey of Court of the Augmentations, fee.

Go

30

1° Edw.VI. c. 14.

A.D. 1547.

XX. Leases by Officers of suppressed Chantries, 8tc. not reserving the old Rent, declared void.

All other Leases declared valid.

XXI.

A3 shall not extend to private Lands or Possessions of Officers of Chantries, &c. suppressed;

nor to Lands or Pensions granted to them by the King for Life.

XXII. Patrons and others shall enjoy their yearly reserved Rents, &c.

XXIII. Arrears of First Fruits shall not be payable on suppressed Promotions.

XXIV. Exchequer Rents shall continue payable, noiwitli-i standing Unity of Possession in the Crown.

XXV.

Gifts of Colleges, tee. or their Lands, &c. made to any Persons by King Henry VIII. or King Edw. VI. or by their Licence, confirmed and declared valid.

of the same Courte or Courtes, in suche manner and so'me as is used and had of other Manno" landes and tenementf and of the Issues revenues and profittf of the same, comitted to thorder rule surveye and gouvem'unce of the saide Courte of Thaugmentacons and Revenues of the Kings Crowne or anny other Courte so to be appointed; anny Acte statute ordyn*unce custome or use heretofore had made or used to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anny of the saide Maisters wardens ministres rulers gouvernors preistf incumbentf or owners of anny suche College Ch’unterye Free Chappell, or of anny the premisses given lymited or appointed to the King by this Acte, or of anny of them, sithens the xxiijlh daye of Novembre in the xxxvij1" yere of the Reigne of the saide late King, have made anny lease, under his or their Comon Seale or otherwise for tearme of Yeres Life or Lifes, of their saide Colleges Countries Free Chappellf or of other the same premisses, or of anny ptc therof, or of anny Manno" landes tenementf possessions or heredytamentf what so ever theye be to them or anny of them united or annexed belonging or appertayninge, uppon the which Leasses the usuall and olde Rents and Fermes accustomed to be yelden and res'ved or more by the Space of twentie yeres next before the saide xxiij"1 daye of Novembre not reserved and yelden, shalbe utterlye voyde and of none effecte: And that all other Leasses and Gr"untf heretofore made, of anny the pmisses given lymited or appointed to the King by this Acte, shalbe as good and avaylable and effectuall in the Lawe to all Intentf constructions and purposes as yf this Acte had never bene had or made ; Anny thing in this Acte or anny other Acte heretofore had or made to the contrarye therof in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies and be it further ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte, or anny thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to anny Manno" landes tenementf possessions or heredytamentf, which the saide Maisters Wardens Ministers Ch'untrie Preistf Incumbentf, or other the saide Gouvernours Officers Ministers or Rulers of the Premisses or of anny of them, hath or is or hereafter shall have or be possessed or seased of in fee symple fee tayle generall or specyall for tearme of life tearme of yeres or otherwise to his or their owne propre uses, by inherytaunce or purchace, and not being at anny tyme unyted or annexed to his or their saide Colleges Free Chappellf Countries or other the premisses given lymited or appointed to the King by this Acte: nor shall extende to anny Mannours landes tents possessions rents afiuityes or yerelye pention or pentyons or to anny yerelye some or somes of moneye, being not united or pcell of anny of the saide Colleges and other the Premises aforesaide or of anny of them, heretofore given or gr*unted by the saide late King, or given or gr"unted or hereafter to be given or gr'unted by the King or Soveraigne Lorde to anny of the saide Deanes Maisters Wardens Ministers Ch"untrye Preistf Incumbentf Gouvernor‘ or Rulers of the phnisses or of anny of them, for tearme of Life onelye, under his greate Seale of Englande or under the Seale of the Courte of the Augmentations and Revenues of the Kings Crowne or anny other of the Kings Seales of anny of his Courtes : Anny thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that aswell all and everye patrone dono' founder and giver of anny of the saide promotions or premisses, or giver donor or [ feoffer13 of anny their Lands tenementf possessions or other heredytamentf, as all and everye psone and psons bodies politike and corporate, which before the making of this Acte lawfullie withowt fraude or covyn had or enjoyed anny manner of Rent or other yerelye proffittf, to be taken pceived or had of anny Ch’unteries Colleges Freechappellf or other the premisses given lymited or appoynted to the King by this Acte, or owt of anny Manno" landes teiitf or other possessions of them or anny of them, shall have and enjoye the same in lyke manner and forme as theye shoulde and ought to have doon, yf the saide Colleges Countries Freechappellf and other the premisses given lymited or appointed to the King by this Acte had still remayned and contynued in esse and full being ; Anny thing in this Acte mentioned to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allso and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anny suche Gouvemo' Ruler Warden Maister Incumbent Minister or other, having anny of the saide spuall promocons or [Incumbentf * ] have or shall compownde for the first fruictf of anny suche spuall promocons according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, and the dayes of payment of anny pte therof not expired before the first daye of this plament, that all somes of monye so to be dewe and payable sithens the saide first daye of this plament shall cease and not be payed asked or demaunded: Anny bonde recognis*unce suretye or other thing had or made to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all suche Rents services issues proffittf and other somes of monye payable owt of or for anny of the premisses or anny of them in the Kings Courte of his Exchequer, shall contynue and be contynuallye and yerelie levyed charged or payed in the same Courte in suche manner and so'me as heretofore hath byn used; Anny Lawe custome unitye of possession in the Kings Highnes or other thing to the contrarye notwithstanding. And as thoughe the saide promocons manno" landes tenementf and other the premisses had not come to the Kings handes or possession.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everye Ires patentf made by the saide late King Henry theight, or by the Kings Ma,c that now is, or hereafter to be made by his Highnes to anny parsone or parsons or to anny Archebishopp or Bishopp of anny the saide Colleges Ch’unteryes Free chappellf or other the premises or anny pte or pcell of them, or of anny Landes tenementf or heredytamentf belonging or appertayninge or that did belonge or apptayne to them or to anny of them. And all Fynes giftes gr*untf feoffamentf recouveryes and all other assur'unces and conveyances therof, had or made by the assent consent or lycence under the greate Seale of Englande of the saide late King Henry theight or of the Kings Ma" that now is, to anny parsone or parsons bodies politique [and ’] corporate by anny Ch'unterye Preist Maister Warden Minister Ruler Gouverno' or other having anny of the saide promocons of anny of the saide Colleges Ch'unteries Freechappellf or other the premisses or of anny of them, or of

1 feoffo' 0.

9 Incubcncics 0.

‘ or O.

A.D. 1547

r Edw.VI. c. 14.

31

anny pte pcell or membre of the same, shall stande and be in their forces and effects and shalbe good and effectual! in the Lawe, for such Estates and Interests given gr*unted lymited or appointed in anny of the gyftes gr'untf assuraunces or conveyaunces therof had or made, according to their purportf so'me and matter, and according to the true Intent and meaninge of the same assurances; and shalbe by thauctoritic of this Acte good pfcctc and avaylable, aswell against the King his heires and successo" as against the saide Ch'untrie Preistf Wardens Maisters Rulers Gouveno" and other having anny of the saide promocons, and their Successo" and the Successo" of cverye of them, as allso against the founders donors and patrons of the same, and the Ordinarye of them and everye of them, and the heires and successo" of everie of them : Anny Lawe statute orden'unce or other thing to the contrarie therof notwithstanding.

And where divers and sondrie Bisshoppf deanes archedeacons treasourers prebendaryes ch’untrie preistf maisters provostf rulers gouvemo" of anny Deaneries archedeanerics treasourorshippf prebendes free chappellf Ch'unteries or Colleges within this Realme of Englande and other the Kings Mat" dominions, or anny of the Patrons founders dono" of anny the Bishoppriches treasourorshippf deaneryes ch*unteryes frecchappellf or other the saide spuall promotions, of their voluntarye wills or myndes, for divers good and reasonable cawses and considerations, by dede or dedes enrolled or by other writings or conveyhaunces (1) heretofore given and gr'unted to the late King of famous memorye Henry theight late King of Englande and to his heires, or to o’ Soveraigne Lorde the King that now’ is and to his heirs, divers of their Deaneries archedeaneryes treasourorshippf prebendes chappellf ch'unteries and colleges or anny other ecciiasticall or spirituall promotions last before remembred. And all or some pte of the Manno" landes tencmentf tythes pentions anuityes rents revercons and other revenues heredytamentf possessions emolumentf and profHttf, to the same Bishoppriches deaneries archedeaconeries treasourorshippf prebendf chappellf countries colleges and other like promotions benefices offices and dignities or to anny of them belonging apptayninge united or annexed, or which the saide Bishoppf deanes archedeacons treasouro" ch*untrye preistf maisters provostf rulers gouvemo" and other ecciiasticall or spuall officers or ministers, or anny of the saide Patrons dono" or founders or anny of them had or enjoyed in the right or by reasone of anny of the same Promoc&ns offices or dignities: Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everye giftes and gr'untf heretofore made to the saide late King and to his heires, or to o' Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is and to his heires, by anny Archebishopp bisshopp deane archedeacon treasourer prebendarye maister provost gouvemo' or other the saide ecciiasticall or spuall psone or psons, or by anny patrons dono' or foundo' of anny of the saide deaneryes ch'unteries or other the saide spuall or ecctiasticall promotions, or of all or anny of the Manno" landes tenementf tythes rents revercons pentions portions iinuities or other heredytamentf revenues emolumentf profittf or comodities, to anny of the saide Benefices offices prebendf promocons or dignities belonging apptayninge united or annexed, or which anny of the same Archbisshoppf bishoppf deanes archedeacons treasourers maisters provostf prebendaryes rulers gouvemo" officers or ministers patrons founders or dono" had or enjoyed or have or enjoye or ought to have or enjoye, in the right or by reasone or meanes of anny of the same promocons offices or dignities, shalbe good and effectuall in the lawe to all Intentf and purposes.

Saving to all and everye parsone and parsones and bodies politike and corporate their heires successo" and assignes, and to the heires successors and assignes of everye of them, other then the Archebisshoppf bisshoppf deanes archedeacons treasourers prebendaries rulers gouvemo" wardens provostf givers and graunto" of anny of the premisses and their heires successo" and assignes, and other then suche ecciiasticall or spuall parsons bodies politique or corporate as ar or pretende to be founders dono" patrons or ordynaries of the premisses or anny of them, all suche Rightes tytles interests claymes entrees rents reverc&ns remaynders fees offices anuities landes teiitf heredytamentf proffittf comodities and emolumentf, as theye or anny of them have or shoulde or ought to have had of in or to the premisses next above mentioned or anny pte thereof, as yf this Acte had never ben had or made; anny thing in this Acte to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes that this Acte or anny thing therin conteyned, shall not in anny wise extende to make good or effectuall anny Gyfte gr’unte bargayne sale or alyenation made by anny parsone or vycar of their psonages or vycarcges or of anny pte or pcell therof or of anny thing to them or anny of them belonging or appertayninge.

Provided allso that this Acte or anny thing therein conteyned shall not in anny wise extende to hynder or prejudice George Brooke Knight Lord Cobham his heires or assignes, for or concerningc the late Colledge of Cobham in the Countie of Kent or the Manno" landes tenementf or possessions therof; anny thing above mentioned to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allso and be it enacted by thauctoritic aforesaide that this pnt Acte or anny thing therin conteyned shall in anny wise extende or be prejudicyall or hurtefull to the generall corporation of anny Citie Boroughe or Towne within this Realme or anny other the Kings Dominions; ne shall extende to anny the Landes or heredytamentf of them or anny of them; anny thing herin conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided allso and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all suche of the saide Colleges free chappellf ch'unteries and other the premisses, being appointed and given to the Kings Higlmes by the aucthoritye of this Acte as be within the Duchie of Lancaster, and all Manno" landes tenementf and heredytamentf pteyninge or belonging to the same Colleges freechappellf and ch'unteries, shall after the saide feaste of Easter next cominge be within the Surveyc and order of the Courte of the Duchie of Lancaster, in suche manner and so'me as other the premisses be assigneJ or appointed by aucthoritie of this Acte to be in the Surveyc and Order of the Courte of the Augmentations and Revenues

1 have 0.

XXVI.

Gifts and Grant! by Deans, Ac. of their Spiritual Promotions, and the Possessions thereof, made to King Henry VIII. aid King Edw.VI {

All such Gifts and Grants declared valid.

XXVII. General Saving of Rights of others on such Gifts and Grants.

XXVIII.

Not to extend to Parsons, Vicars, &c.

XXIX.

Proviso for Lord Cobham.

XXX. Proviso fir Corporations.

XXXI.

Lands of Chantries, Ac. suppressed within the Duchy of Lancaster, shall be under Surrey of the Duchy Court, &c.

32

1° Edw.VI. c. 14.

A.D. 1547.

Commissions as to Colleges &c. within the Duchy shall be certified into the Duchy Court.

XXXII. Proviso for College or Chantry of Attleborough in Norfolk.

XXXIII.

The King may alter Obits, and apply them to poor

Students &c.

[S« § XVI.]

XXXIV.

No Entry allowed on Breach of Condition for not finding a Priest, Obit, 8tc.

XXXV.

Act shall not vest Copyhold Lands in the King

but they shall remain to the Possessors for their Maintenance.

XXXVI. Proviso for Lands ionit JiJe recovered against any Chantry, he.

XXXVII.

All Grants, Licences, Confirmations, and Patents of Chantries, &c. made to any Persons by King Henry VIII. or Edw.VI. confirmed and declared valid.

This AS, or Stat. 37 H. VIII. c.4. shall not extend to Chantries, &c. so granted;

but Grantees shall hold the same under their Grants.

of the Kings Crowne, or other Courte to the King to be assigned ; And that all Commissions that hereafter shalbe awarded by vertewe and force of this Acte conceminge suche Colleges Freechappellf Ch’unteries and other the premisses as be within the saide Duchie of Lancaster, shalbe awarded under the greate Seale of Englande, and shalbe certifyed into the saide Courte of the Duchie of Lancaster, anny thing abovesaide to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte ne anny thing therin conteyned shall extende to the Colledge or Ch'untrie of Attilbourghe in the Countie of Norff, w'h the saide late King Henry theight gave to Robert late Earle of Sussex and to his heires; but that Henry now Earle of Sussex soonne and heire to the saide late Earle, his heires and assignes shall and maye, by thauctoritie of this Acte, have and enjoye the saide Colledge and Ch’unterye and all Manno" landes tenementf advousons tythes pencons porcons and other heredytamentf therunto belonging or apptayninge; Anny thing in this Acte to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

(*) Provided allwayes and by thauctoritie aforesaide be it enacted, that the Kings Ma" at anny tyme when it shall seme to him good maye give aucthoritie to certaine his Graces Comissioners to alter the nature and condicbn of all manner (1) Obytes, aswell within the Universities of Cambrydge and Oxforde as in anny other place within this his Graces Realme of Englande and Wales, being not suppressed ne adnichilate by vertewe of this present Acte, and the same Obytes so altered to dispose to a better use, as to the relief of some poore men being Students or otherwise.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That it shall not be lefull to anny psone or psons bodies polityke or corporate, by reasone of anny remaynder use or condicon, to enter into clayme or chalenge anny Landes teiitf or heredytamentf, for the non doing not naminge or none fyndinge of anny suche preist or preistf or poore folkes as is aforesaide, obyte anniversarye light or lampe from hensfurthe to be founden or done; Anny thing herin conteyned to the contrarye (3) notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies that this Acte nor anny thing therin conteyned, shall in anny wise extende to anny Landes tenementf possessions or heredytamentf what so ever, that anny Maister Deane Prebendarye Warden or Ch'unterye or anny Stipendarye Preist of anny College Ch’unterye prebende fraternitye guylde or anny other corporations have or holde of anny parsone or parsons by Coppie [or4 ] Courte Roll or at Will according to the Custome of anny mano' or mano'*; nor give or gr'unte anny coppieholde landes to the Kings Highnes'; And allso provyded that the Kings Highnes his Heires or Successo" shall not in anny wise have holde enjoye or take, by vertewe of this Acte or anny artycle therin conteyned, anny manner of coppie hold Landes tenementf possessions or heredytamentf what so ever theye be: But that all and everye of the saide psons and incumbentf shall have holde and enjoye the same during their lifes towardes their pentyon and yerelye living, paying the Rents and doing their customes and s'vices therof dewe and accustumed ; Anny thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided that this Acte shall not extende to anny Landes tenementf or heredytamentf, assigned appoynted or intended for the fynding or maynten’unce of anny Ch’unterye preist or stipendarye preist, which by anny former right and good tytle withowt fraude or covyn were laufuliye recovered from the possession of anny suche Ch’unterye preist or stipendarye preist before the first daye of October in the saide xxxvij,h yere of the reigne of the saide late King Henry theight, which Landes tenementf and heredytamentf were not charged nor chargeable to the payment of the ppetuall Tenthe, anny thing in this Acte to the contrarie heros notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and singuler gr*untf licences confirmations and ires patentf, which o' late Soveraigne Lorde King Henry theight or o' Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is have made under the Greate Seale of England, to anny parsone or psons bodies politique or corporate of anny College Chappell or Ch’unterye now being in esse or standing, or now not being in esse or not standing, or of anny Lordeshippf manno'* landes tenementf and heredytamentf annexed united belonging or apptayninge to anny College chappell or ch'unterye, now being in esse or standing or now not being in esse or not standing, or of anny other thing or things mentioned or expressed in this Acte, and all and everye matter and thing mentyoned expressed or conteyned in anny suche gr’unte lycence confirmation or ires patentf, shall from hensfurthe be denied taken expounded and adjudged good and effectuall in the Lawe, according to the Wordes sentences meanings intentf so'me and effects of the same gr’untf lycences confirmations and Ires patentf, to all Intentf constructions and purposes as yf this Acte and the saide Acte made in the saide xxxvij‘h yere of the saide late King Henry the eight had never byn had nor made: And that this Acte or the saide Acte made in the saide xxxvij"1 yere of the Reigne of o' saide late Soveraigne Lorde King Henry the eight, or anny clawse artycle sentence or other thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to anny Colleges chappellf ch’untries or other thinge or things mentioned in this Acte, now being in esse or standing or now not being in esse or not standing, or to anny Manno" landes tenementf possessions revenues or heredytamentf annexed united belonging or appertayninge to anny College chappell ch’unterye or other thing mentioned in this Acte, now being in esse or standing or now not being in esse or not standing, or to anny other thing or things mentioned or expressed in this Acte, which anny parsone or parsons bodies politike or corporate have had or opteyned by the assent lycence confirmation gr’unte or ires patentf of the saide late King or of the Kings Ma" that now is; nor shall extende to anny Manno" landes tenementf revenues possessions heredytamentf or other thing or things mentioned expressed or conteyned in anny suche Lycence confirmation gr’unte or ires patentf: But that everye suche parsone and parsons bodies politike and corporate, their heires and successo'1 and assignes and the heires successo" and assignes of everye of them, shall

1 The Five following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Five separate Schedules, •of 0. 5 in any wyse 0. 4 of O.

A.D. 1547.

1° Edw. VI. c. 14, 15.

33

hare holde and enjoye all and everye the same Colleges chappellf ch*untries manno" landes tenementf revenues possessions and heredytamentf, and all and everye other thing and things what so ever so by them had or opteyned, by the assent lycence confirmac&n graunte or Ires patent f of the saide late King or of the Kings Ma" that now is, according to the Wordes sentences forme effecte meaninge and intent of the same licences confirmac&na grauntf and ires patent f ; This Acte or the saide Acte made in the saide xxxvij,h yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry theight, or any clawse artycle sentence matter or thing mentyoned expressed or conteyned in anny of the same Acte* to the contrarye therof in anny wise notw,htanding.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for a General Pardon.

THE Kings moste Royall Ma'\ right well pceiving his loving Subgectf by many and sondrie wayes and meanes to have borne and susteyned the greate adventures charges and busynes of wanes and defences of this Realme, aswell in the tyme of his moste dere father King Henry theight as in his tyme and Reigne, intending of his clemencye and pitye to gratefie his saide Subgectf with his gracyous free and liberall pdone according to his Kingly power, trusting assuredlie that his saide Subgectf will contynue his loving and assured obedyent Subgectf, and hereafter in suche sorte obeye his Highnes Lawes and Statates as to them and everye of them of right apptaynethe, is fullie and resolutelie contented and pleased that it be enacted by aucthoritie of this pnt plament in manner and forme following, That is to saye; that all and everye of his saide Subgectf, aswell spuall as temporall, of this (1 ) Realme of Englande Wales the Isles of Jemesey and Gameseye Barwycke Callyce Guisnes HammeS Bolleyn and Bollonoys and the marches of the same, the Heires successo" executo" and administrato" of them and everye of them, and all and singuler bodyes in anny manner of wise Corporate, Cities Boroughes Shires Ryddingf Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythingf and everye of them, and the successo' and successo" of everye of them, shalbe by thauctoritie of this pnt plament acquited pdoned released and discharged, against the Kings Highnes his heires successo" and execute" and everye of them, of all manner of Treasons heresyes fellonies robberyes offencf contemptf trespasses wronges deceiptf misdemeano", forfaictures penaltyes and proffittf somes of moneye paynes of deathe paynes corporall and pecunyarie, and all other things cawses quarrellf suites judgementf and executions, whiche maye be or can be by his Highnes in anny wise or by anny meane pdoned, before and unto the XXVth daye of Decembre in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande five hundred fburtie and seven ; other then suche as hereafter in this Acte be excepted or forprised, in suche manner and so'me and unto suche tymes as theye be excepted or forprised in this Acte, and other then suche as the Clawses of proviso hereafter mentyoned dothe extende unto.

And allso the Kings Highnes is further contented and pleased that it be enacted by aucthoritie of this pnt plament, that this his saide free pdone shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe, to everye of his saide Subgectf bodies corporate and other before rehersed and to everye of them, by the saide generall Wordes before rehersed, in all things which be not hereafter in this pnt Acte excepted or forprised, as the same pdone shoulde have byn yf all Offences contemptf forfaictures cawses matters suits quarrellf judgementf executions penaltyes, and all other things not hereafter excepted nor conteyned in anny clawse of proviso hereafter mentioned, had byn pticulerlie singulerlie speciallye and playnelye named rehersed and specified, and allso pdoned by propre and expresse wordes and names in their Kyndes natures and qualities, by wordes and tearmes therunto requisite to have byn putt in and expressed in this pnt Acte of free pdone: And that his saide Subgectf nor anny of them, nor the Heires executo" or administrato" of anny of them, nor anny of the saide bodies corporate nor anny other parsons bodies politique or corporate before named or anny of them, be nor shall be sued vexed or inquieted in their bodies goods landes or cattallf for anny manner matter cawse contempte misdemeano' forfaicture trespasse offence, or anny other thing suffred done or comitted against his Highnes his Crowne dignitie prerogative lawe or statutes, but onelye for suche matters cawses and offences as be rehersed in the exceptions and clawses of proviso in this pnt Acte hereafter mentioned, in suche manner and so'me as in the same exceptions and clawses of proviso be mentyoned, and for none other : Anny Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes Uses or psident heretofore had made or used to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Allso the Kings Highnes, of his bounteous Liberalitye by aucthoritye of this pnt plament gr’untethe and frelye givethe to everye of his saide Subgectf, and to everye of the saide bodies corporate and other before rehersed and to everye of them, all suche Goods cattallf debtes fynes issues proffittf amercyamentf forfaictures and somes of moneye by anny of them forfaicted, w'h to his Highnes do or shoulde belonge or appertayne, by reasone of anny offence contempte trespasse misdemeano' matter cawse or quarrell suffred doon or comitted by them or anny of them, which be not hereafter forprised or excepted in this present Acte; And that all and everye the Kings saide Subgectf, and all and singuler bodyes corporate and other before rehersed, maye by him or them self or by his or their deputie or deputies or by his or their atto'neye or atto'neys, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this pnt Acte of free pardone for his or their dischardge of and for everye thing that is by vertewe of this pnt Acte pdoned discharged given or gr*unted, without anny fee or other thing in anny wise paying to anny parsone or psons for writing or eatreye of the Judgement or other cawse conceminge suche plea writing or entreye, but onelye twelve pence to be paide to the Officer or Clerck that shall entre the plea matter or Judgement for the dischardge of anny the ptie so pleading the same; Anny statute or use to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Motive* of thii Pardon»

General Pardon to all Peraont and Bodies Politic, for all Offences and ForfeituretpreTioua to tj Dec. 1547.

Except as hereinafter provided.

II.

This Pardon declared valid by general Words, as if all particular Offences, Sec. were specified.

None shall be sued. See. for any Offence, See. but such as are expressly excepted.

III.

Release of all Forfeitures on Offences pardoned:

This Pardon may be pleaded without Fee

except ltd. to the Clerk.

• hi* O.

K

34

1° Edw. VI. c. 15.

A.D. 1547

IV.

Thil Ptrdon shall be construed most beneficially for the SubjeA.

V.

Penalty on Officers suing out Process for Offences pardoned.

Treble Damages.

Process void.

VI.

Exceptions: Treasons

committed abroad, or against the King’s Person

Murders;

Quare Impedits; Ravishment of Wards;

Wastes; Benevolences; Debts to the King;

Accounts; Homages, See.;

Debts by Recognizance;

Forfeitures adjudged. Sec.

or granted by the King.

VI.

Further

Exceptions:

Counterfeiting, & c. the Coin

Fines for Alienation, since January preceding;

Manslaughters, Burglaries, Robberies, Arsons, Rapes

Sacrilege; Horse-stealing; Piracy, since ( Aug. preceding; Intrusions;

And furthermore the Kings Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt plament, that (1) his saide free pdone, by the generall wordes before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed and adjudged allowed and taken in all manner of Courtes and ells where, aswell in the wordes and dawses of exceptions and foreprises specefyed in this pnt Acte as in all and singuler other clawses wordes and sentences mentyoned and rehersed in this his saide free pdone, moste beneficiallye and avaylablie to all and singuler his saide subgectf bodies corporate and other before rehersed and to everye of them, in all things ambiguouse or dowbtefull, and moste stronglie in barre and dischardge against his Highnes his heires successo" and executo" in everye thing, withowt anny obstacle chalenge or other delaye whatsoever it shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alleged by the King o' Soveraigne Lorde his heires successo" or executo" or by his or anny of their generall Atto'neye or Attorneys, or by anny psone or psons for his Highnes or anny of his heires successo" or executo".

And furthermore it is enacted by the King o' Soveraigne Lorde by aucthoritie of this pnt plament, That yf anny Officer or Clercke, of anny of his Highnes Courtes comonlie called the Kings Benche Clfuncerye and Comon Place or of his Exchequer, or anny other Officer or Clercke of anny other Courte within this Realine or in Wales or other the Kings Dominions above mentioned, at anny tyme after the xx,h daye of Januarye next cominge which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande five hundred fourtie and seven, make owt or write owt anny manner writtf or other processe or anny extractes soinons or other preceptf, wherby anny of the saide Subgectf or anny of the saide bodies corporate or other before rehersed or anny of them shalbe in anny wise arrested attached distreyned somoned, or otherwise vexed inquieted or greyed in his or their Bodyes landes tenementf goods or cattallf or in anny of them, for or becawse of anny manner thing pdoned or discharged by vertewe of this Acte of free pdone, he so offending and therof lefullie condempned shall yelde and paye for the recompence therof to the ptie so greyed or offended treble damages to be accompted as pcell of the damages and costes of the suite ; and nevertheles all and singuler suche writtf processe extractf and preceptf so to be made for or uppon anny manner thing pdoned or discharged by this pnt Acte of Free pdone shalbe utterlye voyde and of none effecte.

Excepted allwaies and forprised owt of this generall and Free pdone, all and all manner of high Treasons petit treasons and misprision of Treasone done comitted or ppetrated in anny of the ptes beyond the Sea, and all and all manner of Treasone done or comitted in anny other place by anny parsone or parsons, by anny overt dede, wherby anny bodelye hurte or harme shall come or be done to the Kings onelye parsone, and all suits punishmentf executions forfeitures and penalties for or by reasone or occasion of anny of the same treasons before excepted : And excepted all prepensed and voluntarye murders; and allso excepte all tytles of Actyons of Quare impedit, all ravishmentf and witholding of the Kings wardes and wardes landes and the proffittf of the same, at anny tyme growen to the Kings handes or to anny of his noble progenito'* and not yet discharged, all wastes of the Kings woodes aswell in pkes forrestf chaces and ells where; and all s5mes of moneye gr*unted or promised to be payed by waye or meane of the benevolence or contribucon not payed and contented ; and all and singuler debtes other then debtes growen uppon recognisaunces being allredie forfayted for suretye of the peace good abearing or for non appar"unce at anny daye or place ; And excepted and forprised owt of this pdone all manner of accomptf and all actyons suites and impeticons for the same and all arrerages of accomptes and debtes dewc for the same: And allso excepted all Homages livereys and reliefs rents s'vices and arrerages of the same not done or not payed ; And allso excepted all debtes which were dewe to the Kings Highnes, or to the saide late King of famouse inemorye King Henry theight, or to the late King Henrye the Seventhe, or to anny parsone or psons to thuse of the King o' Soveraigne Lorde or of his saide father or King Henry the Seventhe, by anny condempnacSn recognisaunce obligation or otherwise ; And allso excepted all and singuler forfaictures being dewe to o' Soveraigne Lorde the King or to the saide late King by anny penall Statute or Statutes, whiche be converted into the nature of debte by Judgement or agrement of the Offendo', and all forfaictures and other penalties and profittf growen or dewe, by reasone of anny Offence or Acte comitted or done contrarye to anny Statute or Statutes, or contrarye to the comon Lawe, wherof anny Seasure is made or anny Information is given in the Kings Excheker, or anny sute there comenced and now depending and not yet deterinyned, or whereof the Kings Highnes or his saide father by bill assigned or otherwise have made anny gifte or assignement to anny of the s'vauntf of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the King or his saide father or to anny other parsone or parsons.

Allso except and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and all manner of forging counterfayting wasshing and clippynge of what so ever moneye or coyne curr'unte in this Realrne, and the bringing into this Realme of anny false or counterfaite moneye or coyne made forged or counterfaite owt of this Realme, and the uttering of anny suche false or counterfaite moneye or coyne, had made done or ppetrated sithen the xxvij"1 daye of Januarye last past, and all and all manner of Offences impeticons punishmentf forfaictures payncs of deathe judgementf and execution for the same; And allso excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and singuler Fynes to be had made or payed by reasone or meane of anny alyenacdn had or made of anny Manno" landes tenementf or other heredytamentf withowt Lycence sithen the saide xxvij’h daye of Januarye ; Allso excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and all manner of manslaughters burgularyes robberyes of anny parsone or parsons in anny howse or nere anny highe waye, and willfull burninge of howses and willfull burning of barnes in which barnes anny corne was at the tyme of suche burnynge, and all manner of ravyshementf of anny Woman against her will, all felonyous taking of anny moneye or goods owt of anny Churche or chappell, (’) and all manner of felonious taking of anny horse gelding or mare, and all manner of Pyracies and offences upon the Sea, had done comitted or ppetrated sithen the first daye of August last past; and all manner of punishmentf impeticons forfaictures paynes of deathe judgementf and executions for the same; And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and all manner of intrusions had made or doon sithen the

1 this O. ■> all O.

A.D. 1547.

1° Edw.VI. c. 15.

35

saide xxvij’* daye of Januarye last past; And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and all manner of deceiptes and offences of all and singuler moneyers and other officers ministers and worckmen of or in anny of the myntes within this Realme, and all Impericbns and punishmentf for the same; And excepte and forprised out of this Free pdone all and all manner of decaying of anny mesuage cotage or howse and the converting of landes from tyllage unto pasture, contrarye to anny Statute heretofore had or made; And excepte and forprised the Issues revenues and profittf of all and singuler suche Messuages cotages howses and landes cominge arising or growing sithen the saide xxvij"1 daye of Januarye last past; And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone all and singuler Collecto' and Collecto" of anny Subsidie fyftene benevolence or contribufbn and other parsons what so ever that ought to be accomptaunt, and the heires executo" and administrate" of everye of them, of for and concerninge all manner of debtes accomptes and arrerages of accomptes and all manner of concelementf of customes and subsidies and all manner of impetieftns and suites for the same; And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and singuler parsons and psone being the seconde daye of Decembre in the Yere of o' Lorde God a thousande five hundred fourtie and seven prisoners or prisoner in the Tower of London, and all and singuler psons and psone which at anny tyme before the seconde daye of Decembre did [flie'l owt of this Realme into the pries beyonde the Sea, for anny Treasone or Misprision of Treasone; And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone all Issues, fynes amerciamentf affered taxed sett extracted or entred severallie or priculerlye extending to the s5me of an hundred shillingf or above; And that all and singuler other Fynes, aswell Fynes pro licenria concordandi as other, and all other Issues and amercyamentf aswell reall as other, which severallie or priculerlye extende not to the same some of an hundred shillingf, whether theye be totted or not totted taken to the charge of the Shires or not taken to his chardge extracted or not extracted, [whither *] theye be turned into debte or not into debte, and not being Ievyed nor received by anny Shrief or Shrieff Baylieff ministers or other officers, shalbe fullie clerelye and playnlie pdoned and discharged against the King o' Soveraigne Lorde his heyres and successo" for ever by this present Acte of Free pdone.

And be it further enacted by thauctoririe aforesaide, that in cace it be objected to or against anny Shrief Shirifes or other accomptauntf, in the Kings Courte of Exchequer or in anny other his Courtes, that anny Shirief or Sherieff [other then1 ] Officers accomptant, have received or taken anny suche Fynes issues or amercyamentf, by this pnt Acte pdoned and acquited, That then everye suche Sherief and Sheriefs and other accomptantf shalbe discharged released pdoned and acquited therof by his or their othe wthowt anny further tryall in that bihalfe.

Provided allwaye that this pnt Acte of Free pdone nor anny thing therin conteyned in any wise extende to discharge remitt or acquite anny parsone [and4] psons, for anny suche Issues fynes or amerciamentf of Cs. or under as anny Shrief heretofore have accoinpted before the Barons of the Kings Exchequer or ells where, and paied the same Issues fynes and amercyamentf uppon his or their saide accompte determyned to the Kings use, and hath his or their quietus est for the same.

Provided allwaye and be it enacted by thauctoririe of this pnt plament, that all and everye psone and psons w-1 have tended or ought to sue Liverye owt of the Kings handes, of anny Manno" landes tents and heredytamentf what so ever theie be, shall sewe his or their Livereye and Livereys owt of the Kings handes [ors] his or their Manno" landes teiitf and heredytamentf: Anny Article Acte or Acts thing or things in this pnt Acte of generall and free pdone comprised and specified to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe lefull to all and everye Clercke and other Officer of anny of the Kings Courtes to awarde and mak writtf of Capias utlagatu at the suite of the ptie playntife, to thintent to compell the defendant and defendauntf to make answer to the playntife at whose suite lie was owtlawed; And that every psone now being owtlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire facias against the ptie or pries at whose suite he was owtlawed, before this pdone in that bihalfe shalbe allowed to him that so is owtlawed. (6)

Offences by Officers of the Mint i

Decay of Houiea, kc.j

Arrcari of Subsidies, &c.

Prisoner* in the Tower on * Dec. i J47 j Fugitives for Treason 5 Issues, Fines, See. offered, &c. amounting to

All Fines under j£j. pardoned.

VII. Slicriffs shall be acquitted of Fines pardoned.

VIII.

Nor to extend to Fines actually accounted for.

IX.

Livery of Lands sludl be duly sued out of the King’s Hands.

X.

Proviso for Capias Utlagitum to compel Answer;

Scire facias before allowing Pardon on Outlawry.

* fie O. * whether O. * or other 0. ‘or O. of O.

* / (ter this Act, the Six Acts are inrolled, which are numbered id, 17, 18, 19, 20 & 21 in the Table at the Commencement of the Roil; Sec page 1. of this Volume. None of those Acts have ever been printed as Part of the Statute of this Year.

( 36 )

I

Anno 2° & 3° EDWARD1, VI. A.D. 1548.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE FOURTH Day OF NOVEMBER,

In the SECOND and THIRD Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

ftotulo #arUamentt De anno tegnt l&egts CDtbarbt §>ejctt, gecunDo et tereio.

In PARLIAMENTO p progacbem tento apud Westni quarto die Novembris anno regni Regis Edwardi Sexti Dei gra Anglie Francie & Hibnie Regis fidei Defensoris &c. scdo & Pcio, Coi oim Diiop tam spualiu q‘m temporaliu ac Coitatis consensu ac regie Majestatis assensu Inactitata & stabilita fuerunt hec sequencia Statuta, Viz.

Actes Publick.

I.* — i. An Acte for the unyformytie of service and admynistracon of the Sacramentf throughout the Realme. IL — 2. An Acte towchinge the true Service required in Captaynes and Souldiors.

III. — 3. An Acte towchinge Purveyors.

IV. — 4. An Acte for Shiriefff to have certayne allowaunces upon their Accomptes.

VI. — 5. An Acte againste the exaction of money or other thinge by any Officer for licence to traffike

into Iseland.

VII. — 6. An Acte againste the Craftie and deceiptfull buyinge of Pencons.

VHI. — 7. An Acte towchinge the findinge of Offices before the Escheator.

IX. — 8. An Acte for the true currienge of Leather.

X. — 9. An Acte for the true makinge of Maulte.

XI. —10. An Acte for the true Tannynge of Leather.

XII. —11. An Acte for the assuraunce to the Ten*ntes of grauntf and leases made of the Duke of SoiSsettf

demene [ landes.' ]

Xin.—12. An Acte for the true payment of Tithes.

XIV.—13. An Acte againste the shootinge of hayle Shott.

XV.—14. An Acte towching Victuallers and Handycraftf men.

XIX. —15. An Acte for abstinence from Fleshe.

XX. —16. An Acte for the qualyfienge of the Statute of Recusantes.

XXI. —17. An Acte to take awaye all posityve lawes againste marriage of Priestes.

XXII. —18. An Acte for the coloringe Customes in other mens names.

XXIII. —19. An Acte for the repeale of a Statute towchinge p>contractf.

XXIV. —20. An Acte for the triall of murders and fellonyes in sePall Counties.

XXV. —21. An Acte for the kepinge of Countie dayes.

XXVI. —22. An Acte againste the carrienge of White Asshes out of this Realme.

XXVII. —23. An Acte againste the false forginge of Gaddes of Steele.

XXVin. —24. An Acte for fynes with pclamacons in the Countie Palantine of Chester.

XXXII.—25. An Acte for the contynuaunce of certayne Statutes.

XXXIII. —26. An Acte that no man stealinge horse or horses shall enjoye the benefitt of his Clergie.

XXXIV. —27. An Acte for the Shirieff of Northumberlande to be accomptable for his Office as other Shirieffes bee.

* The Roman Numerals are not on the Inrollment in Chancery, but have been added to shew the Number of the Chapters, according to the uniform Series of the printed Editions, all of which contain XXXIX Acts of this Session: Such of these as are not found entered on the Inrollment in Chancery have been printed from the Original Acts preserved in the Parliament Office ; These are Chapters V. XVI. XVII. XVIII. XXIX. XXX. XXXI. XXXV. XXXVI. XXXVII. XXXVIII. XXXIX—The Titles, as indorsed on these several Acts, are placed at the Head of each Chapter. ' Illegible on the Roll.

Gck>

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 1

37

CHAPTER L

An Acte for the Unyformytie of Service and Admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf throughout the Realme.*

WHERE of longe tyme there hathe bene hadd, in this Realme of Englande and in Wales, div’se formes of c5en prayer comonlie called the 9vice of the Churche, that is to saye, the use of Sap, of Yorke, of Bangor and of Lyncolne; And besides the same nowe of late muche more divW and sondrie fourmes & facions have bene used in the Cathedrall and parishe Churches of Englande and Wales, aswell concemynge the Martens or mornynge prayer and the Evensong, as also concerninge the Hollie Comunyon comonlie called the Masse, withe div^se and sondre rytes and ceremonyes concerninge the same, and in the admynistrac&n of other Sacramentf of the Churche; And as the doers and executors of the saide rytes and ceremonyes, in other fourme then of late Yeres they have bene used, were pleased therwithe, so other not usinge the same rytes and ceremonyes were therby greatlie offended; And albeit the Kings Majestie, withe thadvise of his moste entirely beloved Uncle the Lorde Protector and other of his Highnes Counsell, hathe heretofore d$se tymes assayed to staye Innovations or newe rites concerninge the premisses, yet the same hathe not hadd suche good successe as his Highnes required in that behalfe; whereupon his Highnes by the most prudent advise aforesaide, beinge pleased to beare withe the frayltie and weknes of his Subjectes in that behalfe, of his greate clemencye hath not bene onelie content to abstayne from punyshment of those that have offended in that behalf, for that his Highnes taketh that they did it of a good zeale, but also to the intent a unyforme quyett and godlie order shoulde be had concerninge the jPmisses, hath appoynted Tharchebisshopp of Canterburie, and certayne of the most learned and discrete Bisshopps and other learned men of this Realme, to consider and ponder the phnisses, and thereupon havinge aswell eye and respecte to the moste syncere and pure Christian Religion taught by the Scripture, as to the usagf in the Primatyve Churche, shoulde drawe and make one convenient and mete order ryte and facyon of comen and open Praier and admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf, to be had and used in his Majesties Realme of Englande and in Wales; the whiche at this tyme, by the ayde of the Holie Ghooste, with one uniforme agrement is of them concluded set for the and delived to his Highnes, to his greate comforte and quietnes of mynde, in a booke entituled The booke of the Comon Prayer and admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf and other rightes and ceremonyes of the Churche after th? Use of the Churche of Englande: Wherefore the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, consideringe aswell the moste godlye travell of the Kinges Highnes of the Lorde Protector and other of his Highnes Counsell, in gatheringe & collectinge the saide Archebishopp Bisshoppes and learned men togither, as the godlie prayers orders rites and ceremonyes in the saide booke mencioned, and the considerac&ns of alteringe those thinges whiche be altered, and reteyninge those thinges which be reteyned in the saide booke, but allso the honor of God and greate quietnes, wch by the grace of God shall ensue upon the one and uniforme ryte and order in suche comon Prayer and rytes and extern ceremonies, to be used throughout England and in Wales at Callice and the Marches of the same, doe give to his Highnes most hartie and lowly thanckes for the same, and humbly prayen that it maye be ordeyned and enacted by his Majestie withe the assent of the Lordes and Comons in this pnt parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all and singuler pson and psons that have offended concerninge the pmisses, other then suche pson and psons as nowe be and remayne in Warde in the Towre of London or in the Flete, maye be pardoned therof: and that all and singuler Ministers in any Cathedrall or Parishe Churche, or other place within this Realme of Englande Wales Calyce and Marches of the same or other the Kinges l>nions, shall from and after the feast of Pentecoste next comynge be bounden to saye and use the Matens Evensonge Celebrac&n of the Lordes Supper cdmonlye called the Masse and adminystrac&n of eche of the Sacramentf, and all their coen and open Prayer, in suche order and fourme as ys mencioned in the saide booke and none other or otherwise.

And albeit that the same be soe godlie and good that they give occac&n to ev*y honeste and conformable man moste willinglie to enbrace them, yet lest anye obstinate pson, who willinglie woulde disturbe soe godlie order and quiett in this Realme, shold not goe unpunyshed, that it maye also be ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that if any manner of pson vicar or other whatsoever Minister, that ought or shoulde synge or saye comon prayer menc&ned in the saide booke, or mynister the Sacramentf, shall after the saide Feast of Pentecoste next comynge refuse to use the saide Comon Prayers, or to mynister the Sacramentf, in suche Cathedrall or Parishe Churche or other places as he shoulde use or mynister the same, in suche order and fourme as they be mencioned and sett for the in the saide Booke, or shall use, wilfully and obstinatlie standinge in the same, any other ryte ceremonye order fourme or manner of Masse openly or privilye, or Mattens Evensonge Admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf or other open Prayer then ys mencioned and sett for the in the saide Booke ; open prayer in and throughout this Acte is ment that Prayer whiche is for other to come unto or heare, either in comen Churches or private Chappellf or Oratories, comonlie called the Service of the Churche; or shall preache declare or speake any thinge in the derogac&n or depravinge of the saide Booke or any thing therin conteyned, or of any parte thereof, and shalbe thereof laufullie convicted accordinge to the lawes of this Realme, by verdite of twelve men or by his owne confession or by the notorious evidence of the facte, shall lose and forfeyte to the Kings Highnes his heires and successors, for his firste offence, the pfytt of suche one of his spuall benefices or pmoc&ns as it shall please the Kinges Highnes to assigne or appoynte comynge and arysinge in one hole yere next after his conviction; and also that the same pson soe convicted shall for the same offence suffer emprisoncment by the space of sixe monethes without bayle or maynprise ; and if any suche pson, ones convict of any offence concerninge the fPmisses, shall after his firste conviction eftsones offende and be therof in fourme aforesaide laufully convicte, that then the same pson shall for his seconde offence suffer emprisonement by the space of one hole yere, and also shall

* The Titles in the Table at the Head of the Roll are not repeated to the Inrollment of every \€t: But it has been thought convenient to print them with each Chapter.

Various Forms of Common Prayer used in England and Wales:

The Book of Common Prayer after the Use of the Church of England, prepared by the Archhishop of Canterbury, Bishops, Ike. und> r the King's Appointment:

Approbation thereof by the Lords and Commons in Parliament j

Former Offences in using various Forms of Prayer pardoned.

All Ministers shall celebrate Divine Service, kc. according to the said Book of Common Prayer.

II.

Penalty on Ministera refusing to use the- said Book of Common Prayer

or wilfully using any other Form of open Prayer}

or preaching, See. in derogation of the said Book;

First Offence, Loss of Profits of one Benefice for a Year, and Imprisonment for Six Months ; Second Offence, One Ye r s Imprisonment, and Deprivation of all licnetices

L

38

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1548,

Third Offence, Imprisonment for Life.

Penally ou Persona not beneficed, Impriaonment.

III.

Penalty on other Persons, by Plays Songs or Words depraving or despising the said Common Prayer, or compelling or procuring the Use of any other Form, or interrupting any Minister using the same;

First Offence,

£lo-.

Second Offence, <£'20}

Third Offence, Forfeiture of Goods, and Imprisonment for Life:

In Default of Payment of Penalty on First Offence, Three Months’ Imprisonment;

Second Offence,

Six Months.

IV.

Justices of Assise may hear and determine Offences.

V.

Bishops, S:c. may join such Justices of Assise.

VL

Prayers in Latin, Sec. may be read by learned Persons, and in the Universities.

VII. Psalms or Prayers from the Bible allowed.

VIII.

Prayer Books shall be provided in Parish and CathedralChurches.

therefore be deprived ipo facto of all his spuall pmocons ; and that it shalbe laufull to all Patrons donors and grauntees of all and singuler the same spuall pmofftns to psent to the same any other liable Clerke, in like manner and fourme as thoughe the partie so offendinge were dead: And that if anye suche pson or psons, after he shalbe twise convicted in fourme aforesaide, shall offende against anye of the pmisses the thirde tyme and shalbe thereof in fourme aforesaide laufullie convicted, that then the pson soe offendinge & convicted the thirde tyme shall suffer imprisonement duringe his lief: And if the pson that shall offende or be convicte in fourme aforesaide, concerninge anye of the pmisses, shall not be bcneficcd nor have anye spuall promocon, that then the same pson so offendinge & convicte shall for the firste offence suffer emprisonement duringe sixe monethes without bayle or maynprise; and if any suche pson not havinge anye spuall pmociin after his first conviction shall eftsones offende in any thinge concerninge the pmisses, and shall in fourme aforesaide be therof lawfullie convicted, that then the same psone shall for his seconde offence suffer emprisonement duringe his lief.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie above saide, that yf any pson or psons whatsoev* after the saide feaste of Penthecoste next comynge, shall in anye enterludes playes songes rymes, or by other open Wordes, declare or speake anye thinge in the derogac&n depravinge or dyspisinge of the same booke or of anye thinge therin conteyned or anye parte thereof, or shall by open facte deede or by open thretnyngf compell or cause or otherwise peure or mayntayne any pson vicar or other Minister, in any Cathedrall or Parishe Churche or in anye Chappell or other place, to synge or saye any coen and open prayer or to mynister any Sacrament, otherwise or in any other manner or fourme then is mencioned in the saide booke, or that by any of the saide meanes shall unlaufullye interrupte or lett any pson vicar or other Ministers in any Cathedrall or Parishe Churche Chappell or any other place to singe or saye coen and open prayer or to mynister the Sacramentf or any of them in any suche manner and fourme as is mencioned in the saide booke. That then everie pson beinge thereof laufullie convicted in fourme abovesaide shall forfeyte to the Kinge our Sovcraigne Lorde his heires and successors for the firste offence tenne pounds; And if any pson or psons, being ons convicte of any suche offence, eftsones offende againste any of the pmisses and shall in fourme aforesaide be thereof laufully convict, that then the same pson so offending and convict shall for the seconde Offence forfeyt to the King our Soveraigne Lorde his heires and successors twentie pounds ; And if anye parsones, after he in fourme aforesaide shall have bene twise convicte of any offence conctaynge any of the pmisses, shall offende the thirde tyme and be thereof in fourme aforesaid laufullye convicte, that then everye pson soe offendinge and convicte shall for his thirde offence forfeit to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge all his goodes and cattails and shall suffer ymprisonement duringe his lief: And yf any pson or psons, that for his firste offence concerninge the pmisses shalbe convicte in fourme aforesaide, doc not paye the some to be payde by vertewe of his conviccon in suche manner and fourme as the same ought to be payed, within Sixe Wekes next after his conviccon. That then everye pson so convicte and soe not payinge the same shall for the same firste Offence, in stede of the saide tenne poundes, suffer ymprisonement by the space of three monethes, without bayle or raayneprise ; And yf any pson or psons that for his seconde offence concernynge the pmisses shalbe convicte in fourme aforesaide doe not paye the some to be payde by vertue of his convic&n in suche manner and fourme as the same ought to be payde, within Sixe Wekes next after his saide seconde convicbn, That then everie pson soe convicte and not soe payinge the same shall for the same seconde offence, in stede of the saide twentie pounds, suffer ymprisonement duringe sixe monethes without bayle or mayne prise.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Justicf of Oyer and Determyner or Justices of Assise shall have full power and auctoritie, in everie of their open and genial 1 Sessions, to enquire heare and determyne all and all manner of offences that shalbe comytted or done contrarie to anye article conteyned in this psent Acte, within the lymit of the Comission to them directed, and to make pees for thexecuciin of the same as they doe againste anye pson beinge endited before them of trespasse, or lawfullie convicted therof.

Provided alwaics and be it enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that all and ev'ye Archebisshop and Bisshopp shall or maye, at all tyme and tymes at his libtie and pleasure, joyne and associate him selfe by vertue of this Acte to the saide Justices of Oyer and Determyner or (1) the saide Justicf of Assise, at everie of the saide open and geffall Sessions to be holden in any place within his Dioces, for & to the inquirie hearing & detmyning of thoffencf aforesaide.

Provided alwaies that it shalbe laufull to anye man that understandeth the Greke Latten and Hebrewe tongue, or other straunge tongue, to saye and have the saide prayers heretofore spified of Mattens and Evensonge in Latten or anye suche other tongue, sayinge the same privatlie as they doe understande: And for the further encouraging of leamynge in the tongues in the Univ’sities of Cambridge and Oxforde to use and excise in their coen and open prayer in their Chappells, beinge noe [ Parishes1] Churches or other places of prayer, the Mattens Evensonge Letanyc and all other prayers. The holie Comunyon coenlye called the Masse excepted, pscribed in the saide booke pscribed in Greke Latten or Hebrewe; Anye thinge in this psent Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also that it shalbe laufull for all Men, aswell in Churches Chappells Oratories or other places, to use openlye any psalme or prayer taken out of the Bible at anye due tyme, not lettinge or omyttinge therby the Service or anye parte therof menconed in the saide booke.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the books concerninge the saide service shall, at the costs and charges of the Parishoners of everie parishe & Cathedrall Churche, be attayned and gotten before the feaste of Penthecoste next followinge or before ; and that all suche Parishe and Cathedrall Churche or other placf, where the saide books shalbe attayned and gotten before the saide Feast of Penthecoste, shall within thre Wekf next after the saide book so attayned and gotten use the saide service and putt the same in ure accordinge to this Acte.

• to 0.

• Parishe O.

Go.

A.D. 15 4a

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 1,2.

39

And be it further enacted bj auctoritie aforesaide, that noe pson or peons shalbe at any tyme hereafter empeached or IX. otherwise molested of or for anye of thoffences above mencioned hereafter to bee comytted or done contrarie to this Acte, unlesse he or they soe offendinge be therof endyted at the nexte gen!all Sessions to be holden before anye suche t,e Flr,t Stuioa Justices of Oyer and Determyner or Justices of Assise next after anye offence comytted or done contrarie to the commuted" 6 tenor of this Acte.

Provided alwaies and be it ordeyned and enacted by the auSoritie aforesaide, that all & singuler Lordes in the Peen *ha*be Parliament for the thirde offence above mencioned shalbe tried by their Peeres. (*) the<1 bT Peer*

Provided also and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the Mayor of London, and all other Mlyon^.c of Mayors Baylifff and other hedd Officers, of all and singuler Citties Boroughes and Townes corporate within this Realme Corporation* may Wales Calice and the Marches of the same to the whiche Justices of Assise doe not comenlie repayre, shall have full bJjjV£jj,rterm,"e power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte to enquyre heare and determyne the offences above saide and everie of them, yerely within fyftene dayes after the feastf of Easter and S' Michaell Tharchangell, in like manner and fourme as Justices of Assise and Oyer and Determyner maye doe.

XH.

Provided alwaies and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all & singuler Archebisshoppes Offence* may be and Bisshoppes, and everie of their Chauncelors Comissaries Archedeacons and other Ordinaries, havinge anye peculier |^"7e*i«tttal ccctiasticall jurisdicon shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte aswell to enquire in their vysitacons Juritdiaion. and synodf, and els where within their jurisdicon at any other tyme or place to take accusations and informacons, of all and everie the thinges above mencioned, done comytted or ppetrate within the lymittf of their jurisdictions and auctoride, and to punyshe the same by admonycion cxcomynicacon sequestracSn or deprivacon and other censures and pcesse, in like forme as heretofore hathe bene used in like cases by the Kings eccfiasticall lawes.

XIII*

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that whatsoever parsone offendinge in the pmisses shall for the firste offence pjm offence receyve punyshment of the Ordinarie, havinge a testymoniall thereof under the saide Ordynaries seale, shall not for the same offence eftsones be convented before the Justices j and likewise receyvinge for the saide firste offence punyshment by Sniri’tinl or the Justicf he shall not for the same offence eftsones receyve punyshment of the Ordinarie; any thinge conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte towchynge the true Service required in Captaynes and Souldiors.

WHERE before this tyme diPse of the Kinges Majesties lovinge and obedient Subjects, accordinge to their bounden dutyes, have assigned appoynted and sent for the, aswell into the parts beyonde the Seas and to the Seas as also into Scotlande and other places diPse bothe within this Realme and without this Realme, many able psons or Souldiors well furnished with good Horses and hameses mete to serve the Kinge in Warres, to their great charges and costs, yet some of the saide Souldiors see sente [doe *] serve contrarie to their saide Maisters expectation & contrarie to their bounden duties to the Kings Highnes have soldc loste exchaunged or altered their Maisters horse and hames, or otherwise by deceipte or covyne converted the same; by meanc wherof the Kinges Highnes hathe not onelie bene destitute of the same Souldiors in tyme of nede, but also the owners of the saide horses and hames who sent them thither have bene untrulye deceyved of their horses or hameses, being therby lesse able to refurnishe other the like Souldiers withe horse and hameses at suche tyme as they shalbe therunto [comaundinges ] by the Kinges Highnes; and sometyme the Captaynes of suche Souldiers depted have demaunded had and taken of the Kinges Highnes Wages for the same Souldiors soe depted, by n.eane whereof the Kings Majestie hathe susteyned and borne great paymentf and yet his Majestie hathe not bene trulie served for the same; not little to the displeasure of the Kinge and to the great charge of the poore Subjects beinge comaunded to sett for the suche Souldiors: For remedye whereof be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe the assent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this plsent Parliament assembled & thauctoritie of the same, that yf any Souldior hereafter servinge the Kinge in his Warres in any his Dnions, or on the Seas or beyonde the Seas or in Scotlande, after the firste daye of Aprill next comynge, doe sell give awaie or wilifullic purloyne or otherwise exchaunge alter or putt awaye anye horse geldinge or Mare or any Hames wherewithe he shalbe sett for the, That then everie suche Souldier soe offendinge, upon due proofe or testymonye to be taken, before the lyveten'nte highe Admyrall the Kinges Deputic Vice Admyrall Wardeyn or Captayne, and in their absence before anye of their deputyes, shalbe emprisoned, by the same lieveten'nte or any other before named, there to remayne without bayle or maynprise untill he have satisfied to the partie owner of the horse geldinge mare or hames so by him soulde purloyned exchaunged wilfully lost altered or otherwise made awaye: And if suche Souldior soe offendinge fortune to escape from the lyveten'nte and other the foresaide psons without the punyshment [or* ] resticucon aforesaide, That then the same Souldior upon complaynt made by the partie greived, or his executors or admynistrators, upon due proofe thereof to be made to anye Justice or Justicf of Peace in the parts where suche Souldior soe offendinge shalbe founde, shalbe by suche Justice or Justicf comytted to Warde there to remayne without bayle or maynprise untill he have satisfied the Partie grieved his executors or admynistrators, of and for suche horses gelding f or mares and hames so by anye suche Souldior wilfullye loste exchanged altered or otherwise purloyned.

Soldier*, found for the King by hi* Subjects, have told the Hor*e», &c. provided for them {

Captain* have taken Pay for Soldier* absent j

Soldier* lelling *uch Hor*c* shall be iim>ri*oned, till Saturation made to the Owner*.

1 as in cases of Highe Treasone O. struck through with a Pm. 5 comaunded 0.

* So in Original Atk, apparently erroneously for «to ’

• and O.

40

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 2.

A.D.\54t8.

ii.

Proviso for Horse, &c. lost in the King’s Service, or given to another Soldier.

111.

Soldiers deserting declared guilty of Felony without Clergy.

IV.

Penalty on Officers, <cc. corruptly discharging Soldiers, £20.

V.

Penalty on inferior Officers discharging Soldiers without Orders, £20.

Provided alwaye that if the saide Souldior bringe any sufficient Warraunte or testymonye before the saide Justice, from the saide lyveten*nte or any of the psons above named, in Writinge under the Seale of any of them, testyfienge that the same horse or hames were loste in the Kings §vice againste the will of the saide Souldyor, or that the same horse or hameys was taken by the saide lyveten*nte or anye of the others before named from the saide Souldior for any reasonable respecte, and appoynted to some other to serve in the place and stede of the saide Souldior, that then everie suche Souldier not bringinge to the owner the saide horse and hameys shalbe discharged thereof againste the owner thereof, and that then everie suche Souldior to whom the saide horse and hameys shalbe appoynted as is aforesaide not bringinge home to the owner the saide horse and hames, after he shalbe discharged, to suffer like payne as ys aforesaide.

And be it also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye Souldior servinge as is aforesaid, departe without licence of the lyveten*nte, or anye of the others above named, withe botye or otherwise, beinge in the Enemyes countrie or els where in the Kings Service, or out of any garrison where he or they shalbe appoynted to serve, that then everie suche Souldior soe departinge without licence to be taken and judged as a fellon, and to be executed as in cases of fellonye without havinge any advauntage of his Clergie or Seinctuarye: And that the Justicf of everie Shire where anye suche Souldyor shalbe taken, shall have full power to enquier heare and determyne all and everie the saide offences concemynge everie suche departure as they doe and maye in other cases of fellonye cornytted in the Shire where suche Souldior shalbe taken.

And be it also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That yf any Comyssioner or Captayne, to whom the Kinge shall directe his comaundement by comyssion or Ires for the levyinge or settinge fourthe of any man to serve the King in his Warres, shall at any tyme after the saide firste daye of Aprill, for any gaine rewarde or other lucre, discharge anye pson or psons by him appoynted to serve the King as a Captayne Souldior or Pyanor, of his Service soe appoynted, and doe assigne any other pson or psons in his or their Stede, for anye lucre or gayne as is aforesaide, that then everie Comyssioner or other pson so offendinge shall forfeyte to the Kinge for everie suche defaulte of everie Man so discharged twentie pounde to be levyed of his goods & catallf.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf any Captayne being appointed to have the ordre of any nombre of Souldiours under anye other higher Officer, doe for anye cause licence any Souldior in his retynewe to departe from the feilde or fortresse where they shalbe appoynted to serve, without the especiall assent and licence in writinge of the lyvetenaunte or the others before named, shall forfeytt and loose for everie suche Souldior so by him licensed to departe twentie powndes to be levyed as is aforesaide to the use of the Kinge.

VI.

Penalty on Officer receiving Wages for Soldiers not actually serving,&c. £-. One Month's Imprisonment, and Loss of Office.

VH.

Inferior Officers in Garrisons shall not discharge Soldiers.

VIII. Proclamation of this Act by Commanding Officers.

IX.

Reward for

informing of Offences.

X.

Proviso for Orders at Calais, 8cc.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf any lyveten*nte or any other before named, having thordre of any nomber of Souldiors servinge as is aforesaide uppon the Sea or lande, doe at anye tyme after the saide firste daye of Aprill demaunde receyve or take of the Kinges Highnes or anye of his Treasourers, anye Wages for any more Souldyers then served in suche manner and fourme as the Wages was payde for, or for any moe dayes then suche Souldiers served, and do not note the daye of everie souldiers entre into Wages and daye of his deathe and departure, and delyver the same to suche Treasourers as shall paye the saide Wages everie Moneth in writinge, soe as the truethe of the nombre of the Souldiours maye appere to the Kings Treasourer and Master of the Kings Musters for the tyme beinge in that behalfe, that then everie suche lyveten*nte and other before named so offendinge shall forfeyt and loose to the King for everie suche defaulte fyve pounde to be levyed as is aforesaide to the use of the Kinge, and to be emprisoned by the Space of one moneth, and to lose his rome and offyce.

And be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe Captayne after the saide ftrste daye of Aprill shall give to anye of his Souldiors appoynted to serve under him, in any Towne or Fortresse kepte withe garisons of Souldiers, any licence or passeportf to departe from his service, but onely the Iyveten*nte or any others as is aforesaide, upon payne of enprisonement aswell of the Captayne as Souldior soe offendinge, at the discretion of the saide lyveten*nte or others before named.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That everie lyveten*nte and other before named upon the payne of tenne pounde, shall cause to be pclaymed the hole effecte and contents of this Acte, that is to saye; everie lyveten*nte of any Armye in everie Feild under his charge to pclayme this Acte everie monethe, and that everie of the Kinges Deputyes of everie Fortresse and Captayne of anye other Fortresse to pclayme this Acte within his Chardge ones e$ye quarter of a Yere.

And also be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, for the better execuf&n of the pmisses, that everie psone or psones givinge to the lyveten*nte or the others above named true information of anye of the Offences above remembred , shall have for his labour one monethes wags of him that shalbe founde faultie, to be payde by thande of the Treasourer upon Warraunte of the saide lyveten’nte or any of the others aforesaide.

Provided always that nothinge herein conteyned shall in anye wise extende to towche or infringe anye orders established for the govemement of Callyce and the Marches of the same, or any other place of the Kinges nowe governed or hereafter to be governed by the same orders, or by suche orders as maye please his Grace hereafter to sen furthe for the same.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 2, 3.

41

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe lawful to all and everie of the saide ly veten*untf and other the saide psones to retayne in his and their owne handes to their owne use of the wages of his or their Souldiors the somes followinge, that is to saye; sixe shillingf eight pence for the lyverie or cote of everie Toman Souldior, and thirtene shillingf sower pence for the lyverie or cote of even Gentleman Souldior for one yere.

Provided alwayes and be yt further ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe manner of lyveten*nte or any other the saide psons shall hereafter be chardged or pjudiced by vertue of this Acte or any thing therin conteyned for lacke of his or their nombre retayned as ys aforesaide for or conceminge any Souldyor or Souldyors as shall happen to dye duringe his service, or to be sycke by the visitacon of God, or that shall departe againste the Will of his lyveten*ante or other before named; unlesse it shalbe in the defaulte of anye of them.

Provided alwaies that this Acte be not pjudiciall nor hurtfull to the saide lyveten*nte or anye other the saide psones nor anye other havinge under them retynue of Souldiors nor anye of them, for non payment of the Kinges Wages to their housholde Svauntf and other to whom they shall daylie fynde and gyve meate and drinck duringe the saide Service of Warre.

Provided alwaye that this Acte nor nothinge therin conteyned shall extende to chardge anye pson or psones for the takinge or receyvinge of anye guyfte or rewarde of anye (') his or their ten*ntes or frcindes towardes the relief ayde or helpe of the same psons, beinge comaunded by the Kinges Majestie to serve in Warres, or otherwise to fynde men on horseback or on foote as well within this Realme as without; nor for the guyfte rewarde ayde or helpe reserved or covenanted to be payde or given to any pson appoynted to serve in Warres or to fynde horse or men to serve by reason of any graunte coven*nte reservac&n custome or tenure.

Provided that this Acte nor any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende to chardge any lyveten*nte or others above named for deteynynge or retayninge anye parte of anye saide Souldyors Wages towarde or for the payment of vyttayls harnes weapons, or for anye prest money pvyded and delyvered to anye suche Souldior.

XI.

Officers may retain certain Sums for Clothing.

XII. Proviso tl to Soldiers dying, sick, or deserting.

XIII.

Proviso for Servants of Officers.

XIV. Proviso for Relief by Tenants, &c. to the Party bound to find Soldiers.

XV. Proviso for retaining Wages for Victuals, Prest Money, &c.

CHAPTER m.

An Acte towchinge Purveyors.

THE Kinges moste excellent Majestie ys pleased and contentyd by thadvise of his honorable Counsell, at the humble peticon suyte and complaynte of his lovinge and obedient Subjects, that it be inacted by his Highnes withe consent of the Lordes and Comons in this psent parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That from and after the feast of Sainte John the Baptiste whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God one thousande fyve hundred fortye nyne, untill the saide Feast of Sainte John the Baptist whiche shalbe in the yere our Lorde God one thousande five hundred fyftye two, noe purveyor or taker or anye other pson or psons by aucthoritie of anye Comyssion or Comyssions or other Writinge or Writings heretofore graunted or made, or hereafter to be graunted or made by the Kings Majesde, or by any other warrant letter or aucthoritie whatsoever, shall purvey or take for the pvysion of the Kings Majesties moste honorable housholde or for the pvision of the householdes of the Kings Majesties Sisters or any other pson or psons, anye corne grayne make meale calves lambes kyddes hennes chekyns capons wyldfowle butter cheese eggs beyff muttons fyshe tymber woode cole strawe haye or anye other kynde of vyttales, without the full assent and consent of the Owner or Owners of the same, and at suche price and prices for redy money, or money to be payde at suche dayes and places as suche purveyors taker or other pson or psons can and shall agree with the Owner or Owners of the same.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie of this psent parliament, that from and after the feast of Christemas whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God one thousande fyve hundred forty nyne, untill the feast of Christemas whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God One thousande fyve hundred fyftye twoe, noe purveyor or any other pson or psons by aucthoritie of any Comyssion or Cdmyssions or other Writinge or Writings heretofore graunted or made or hereafter to be made or graunted by the Kings Majestie or by any other warrant tre or aucthoritie whatsoever, shall purveye or take for anye of the Kinges Majesties affayres, or for any other cause or matter concerninge the Warres or otherwise, any goods cattellf trees tymber or other thinges whatsoever, savinge onelye Barges Shippes and other Vessells Carts Carriagf and thinges necessarie for carriage, without thassentf and full agreamentf of the Owner or Owners of the same, and at suche price or prices for redye money or money to be payde at suche dayes and placf as anye suche purveyor taker or other pson or psons can or shall agree withe the Owner or Owners of the same : Anti yf anye purveyor or taker or anye other p6on or psons shall after anye of the saide Feastf of Sainte John Baptist and Christmas next comynge, peure or attempte to take or purvey for the Kings Majestie or for any other pson or psons, any vyttaylls or other things whatsoever contrarie to the true meanynge of this Acte, that then suche taker purveyor or anye other suche peon or psons so offending, shall forfeyte to the partie or parties greived treble the Value or Values of the thinge or thinges soe taken or purveyed, and shall also suffer enprisonement by the Space of one quarter of a yere without Bayle or Mayneprise, and shall make fyne at the Kings will and pleasure; for the wcl‘ forfeyture the partie or parties greived shall have his remedye by acc6n of debte informacon or otherwise in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde, in whiche accon sute or informacon no essoyne wager of lawe or ptecc&n shalbe allowed.

For Three Years, from Midsummer, no Purveyance shall be made of Provisions for the Royal Households, without Consent of the Party, on Payment of ready Money, &c.

II.

For Three Years, from Christmas no Purveyance shall he made for the Wars, he. except of Ships or Carriages:

Penalty on Purveyors

offending,

Treble Damages to the Party, Imprisonment, and Fine.

'of 0.

M

42

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c.3,4.

A.D. 1548.

iii.

Post Horses mxy be taken for the King’s Service, by Authority of the Master of the Posts, &c. at I d. per Mile.

IV.

Rates of Carriage for the King by Carts, 4d. per Mile;

If for Wars,

3 d. per Mile.

Provided alwayes and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shall and maye be laufull duringe the yeres before spified to any pson or psons by aucthoritie of the Kings Comyssion or Comyssions, or by authoritie of anye tre or comyssion to be directed from the Lorde Protectors Grace or from any twoe of the Kinges Privie Counsell, or from the Maister of the Postes, or from anye the Kinges lyveten*nt gen*allf deputyes wardens or anye of their deputyes in his Warres, to take post horses or geldingf for the conveyinge or carryinge of anye pson or psons aboute the Kinges Majesties affayres, payinge to the Owner or Owners of suche post horses or geldingf after the rate of one penny for everie myle; any thinge or matter conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie thereof in anywise notwithstandinge.

And where the Kings Majestie dothe also we for everie carte caryinge his Gracf carriagf of householde two pence for a myle carriage, it is enacted by thauthoritie aforesaide, that from and after the Feaste of Sainte John Baptist next comynge untill the saide Feaste of Sainte John Baptiste whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande five hundred fyftye twoe, there shalbe allowed and payde to the owner and owners of everye suche carte carryinge the Kings cariages of his housholde sower pence for everie myle carriage; and for the carriagf of any other of the Kings carriages for the Warres or otherwise, duringe the yeres aforesaide thre pence for everie myle carriage; any lawe usage or custome heretofore had or used to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Recital of Stat. 34. JS H.V1IJ. c. 10. respecting SherilTs Accounts in the Exchequer j

Intent of the said Act;

Evasion thereof;

Recited Act repealed, except as hereby provided.

II.

Sheriffs mar cleft either to take Tallies of Reward as before 34. 35 H. VIII. or to account under that Act:

This Act a sufficient Warrant for such Tallies,

Arc.

III. Allowances to Sheriffs, not taking Tallies of Reward, upon their Petition and Oath, be. of Amount of Charges of Judges of Assise, be.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for Shiriefff to have certayne Allowaunces upon their Accomptes.

MOSTE humblye besechen the Kinges most excellent Majestie his true and faithefull subjects the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, that where in the Parliament begonne at Westni the sixtenth daye of Januarye in the xxxiij"' yere of the raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde of famouse memorie King Henrie theight, and by progacon holden at Westm the xxij"1 daye of Januarye in the xxxiiij,h yere of the raigne of our saide late Soveraigne Lorde, and there contynued untill the twelveth daye of Maye in the fyve and thirtieth yere of the raigne of the saide late Kinge, upon d$se and sondrie considerations there was enacted and made one acte by thauctoritie of the same Parliament conceminge the accompte or accomptf of Shreves to be made in the Eschequyer, as in the same acte more playnelye at large it is conteyned : And albeit yt was ment at the tyme of the makinge of the saide acte as it maye appeare by the wordes of the saide acte, that Sherives should not be charged uppon their accomptf but onelye withe suche somes of money as they might laufullie levye -, And also that the saide Sherives shoulde have allowance not all onelye for suche charges and expences as they shoulde susteyne and beare for the dyettf and charges of the Justices of Assise, but also for other necessarie charges and expences by them susteyned in and aboute thexcisinge of their saide office; Yet nevertheles the saide Sherifff are and have been sithen the makinge of the saide acte more and sorer charged vexed and troubled then they weare before, to the great ympoverishement of men of worshippe and Gentilmen within this Realme that have been Sherives, and so it is verie like to be to all suche as hereafter shalbe Sherives yf remedye be not pvided in this behalfe: It maye therefore please the Kinges moste excellent Majestie that it maye be enacted and established withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That the saide former acte and all clauses and sentenses in the same conteyned shalbe from henceforthe clerelye frustrate and voyde to all intentf & purposes, other then hereafter in this acte shalbe specified.

And that it maye be enacted by this psent Parliament, that the Sherives whiche shalbe made from henceforthe within all the Shires of Englande, and also suche as have not made and fynished their accompte or accomptf, shall have suche and lyke tayles of rewarde and all suche other allowauncf as they had before the makinge of the saide former acte, or ells the same Sherives whiche shalbe or heretofore have bene, to be at their eleccon and choyce to accompte and all other things to doe accordinge to the aforesaide former acte: And that they and everie of them that soe shall accompte and take noe tayle of rewarde shalbe in and by all thinges intreated in the Kinges Eschequier as thoughe the saide former Acte were and shoulde contynue in his full strengh & effecte, any thinge before spified notwithstandinge : And that the same Tayles of Rewarde and e9y of them, by force of this psent acte without anye further warraunte or warrauntf to be obteyned for the same, shalbe levyed or striken at the receipt of the Kinges Majesties Eschequier in due manner and forme withe suche lyke Ires or writings upon the same tayles and everie of them as before the makinge of the sayde former acte were and have bene accustomed to be levyed and stryken, and that the same tayles soe hereafter there to be levyed and striken, shalbe delyv’ed unto ePye of the same Sheriffes or their suffyeient attorney for them without prest or other chardge to be sett upon them for the same ; and that this acte shalbee a suffyeient warraunte and discharge unto the Treasorer of Englande and all other offyeers within the saide receipte for strikinge levyinge and delyverie of the saide tayles and everie of them.

And further that all those Sherives that hereafter shalbe made within those Shires of Englande whereas no Tayles of rewarde heretofore have been by the Kings Majesties most noble progenitors given or granted, and suche Sherifff as shall hereafter take no tayle of rewarde, shall in consideration of their greate costs charges and expences whiche they shall beare and susteyne, as well by the diettf of the Justices of Assises as by anye other meanes, have upon thend of their accomptf and of everie of them suche allowauncf upon a petition to be made by the same Sherifff or any of them in a bill to be broughte in by the same Sherive and everye of them of their said costes and charges, upon whiche bills

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 4, 5

43

the same Sheriff to be swome in their own pper psons or by their undersherifff or lawfull attorney thereunto admytted, to be true without warraunte or tayle suynge for the same. And also that all Sheriefff whiche hereafter shall take noe tayle of rewarde and everie of them, shalbe discharged upon their accomptf of all suche Fermes goods cattallf pfyttf casualtyes and s5mes of money whiche they myghte or shoulde be chardged withe upon their accomptf in the saide Eschequyer, by what tytle or name soever they be named, or upon whatsoever pson or psons they shalbe streyted, or out of whatsoever landes and tentes they shalbe goinge for the, as they cannot levye nor come by; and that all other Sheriff w* hereafter shall take anye tayle of rewarde, shall in like manner be discharged of all suche Fermes and somes of money aforesaide, excepte onelie of their Vicountellf of their Shires wherewithe they shalbe chardged and answearable as they Were before the making of the aforesaide former Acte. And also the same Sheriff of everie Shire of Englonde that nowe be or heretofore have been or that hereafter shalbe in everie of them, shall have playne deduction and allowance in their saide accomptf of all suche sdme and somes of money as they or any of them shall make or have made true petic&n of for or concernynge suche possessions and hereditamentf as be come unto or were in the Kings Majesties liandf or any his pgenitors, by unytye of possession or by any meane, out of the whiche any parte or pcell of the aforesaide Vicountellf were at any time heretofore levyable or levyed; And that the Lorde Treasorer Chamberlaynes Chauncelor and Barons of the said Eschequier or in the absence of the saide Lorde Treasorer Chamblaynes and Chauncelor, the saide Barons shall by aucthoritie of this Acte give and make allowaunce deduction and exoSacbn to everie of the saide Sheriff of the saide Fermes and of all other thinges without any other warraunte.

Provyded alwayc, that everye of the saide Sheriff at his daye of pfficcSn ymediatly after that he or his Deputye or Attorney Is sworne to accompte for the yssues and pfyttf of his office of Sherifwyke, shall by him selfe or by his Attorney or deputye sworne for him, when he shall answeare before the Lorde Treasorer Chamblaynes Chauncelour and Barons of the saide Eschequier, or in the absence of the saide Lorde Treasorer Chamberlayne or Chauncelor or of anye of them, then before suche of the saide Lorde Treasorer Chamblaynes or Chauncelor and of the saide Barons as then shall happen to be p>sent in the saide Courte of Eschequier, to bringe in and delyver unto the saide Courte rolles or cedullf of perchment conteyninge in them trulye without omyssion or concealment all suche ptyculer somes of money whiche he hathe levyed or lawfullye myght have levyed to his Wetinge or Knowledge within his Bayliwyke, as parte or pcell aswell of the saide Fermes called Vicountells in the saide former Acte expressed, as of all other Fermes of what name or tytle soever they be called, being streyted written or otherwise charged to anye of the saide Shiriefff out of the saide Courte of Eschequier, makinge expresse and distincte menc&n in the same Rolles or cedules as nyghe as he or they can or maye, of what pson and what landes and tentes and for what cause the same pticuler somes of money and everie of them be levyed or leviable: And that after the same Rolles or Scedules soe delyvered, and the pticuler somes of money in them conteyned apperteyninge to their pper Fermes cast and rated in the saide Courte, the saide Lorde Treasorer Chamblaynes Chauncelor, and the saide Barons in the absence of the saide Treasorer Chamberleynes or Chauncelor, or anye of them for the tyme beinge, shall have full power and aucthoritie by this Acte for the levyinge and recoverie of suche parcellf belonginge to anye the sayde Fermes called Vicountellf or any other Fermes, by what name or tytle soever they [be1] called, beinge omitted out of the saide Rolles or cedules, and for savinge of other the Kings auncyent rights and inheritauncf aunswereable in the saide Eschequier whiche be nowe wrongfullie withdrawen or unjustlye witholden from the Kings Majestie his possessions; And shall have power and aucthoritie from tyme to tyme to awarde suche pcesse and use suche convenyent wayes and meanes by Comyssion or otherwise accordinge to the corse of the saide Eschequier, and furder as shalbe devised by their discrecion, soe that the Kings Majesties his heires and successours maye be truelie answered of the yssues and pfyttf of the same; this Acte or anye other Statute acte ordynaunce or use heretofore to the contrarie had made or used in any wise notwithstandinge. And furthermore that the saide Treasorer Chamberlaynes Chauncelor and Barons of the saide Eschequier, or the saide Barons in the absence of the saide Treasorer Chamberlaynes or Chauncelor or anye of them for the tyme being, shall have full power and aucthoritie by their discrecyons from tyme to tyme to gyve and allowe unto all and everie suche Comyssioner or Comyssioners as they shall assigne and appoynte by their discrecion to enquire of the saide fermes and other the Kings rightes withdrawen, their reasonable costes and chardges as from tyme to tyme to them shall seeme good and convenyent.

CHAPTER V. (*)

An Acte to releasse Fee Fermes in Cities & Townes for three Yeres.

THE Kings moste excellent Ma'" of his moste godly and vertuous disposyc&n by thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this pnt pliament assembled and by authoritie of the same, aswell for thayde and reliefs of the Poore in the Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate of this his Realme of England and Contrey of Wales, as for thexecuc&n of other [deadfof charitie and c5mon wealth there, Ordeyneth and enacteth that suche Fee fermes and somes of money payde for Fee fermes as by any Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate w'in this his Realme of England or Cuntrey of Wales, or by the bodyes politique or corporate officers or mynysters of the same, shoulde or oughte to be due and payable to his Ma'* his heires or successor, during three yeres nexte ensuynge after the xuij* daye of Marche in this pnt yere of o' Lorde God M1 v C. xlviij, shall ceasse and not be due ne payable to his

1 shalbe 0. * From the Original Act in the Parliament Office. See Note at the beginning of this Session.

1 deeds Printtd Copies.

Go

Allowance to Sheriff* for Rent*, Caiualtiet, Ac. not levied by them:

Sheriff* taking Tallies shall be chargeable for Vicountie! Farm*, &c.

Allowance to all Sheriff* fur Vicounliels out of Land* coming into the King’* Hand*.

IV.

Every Sheriff, on accounting at the Exchequer, shall deliver his Account in Roll* of Parchment, stating all Sums levied or leviable in his Bailiwick, as well from Farm* Vicountiel as others, charged to him by the Exchequer.

The Treasurer and Barons empowered to recover all Rents, Ac. omitted from suchAccounta, and all other ancient Dues of Crown withholden, &c.

And to issue Process or Commissions for recovering and ascertaining the same

and to defray Expeners of such Commissions.

For the Aid of the Poor in Cities and Towns Corporate, Fee Farms payable to the King by the Corporations shall cease and not be payable for Three Years.

44

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 5,6.

A.D. 1548.

IL

The Amount of such Fee Farms shall be collected and applied to the Repair of Walls and Bridges, or Employment of the Poor, under Direction of Commissioners for those Purposes.

III.

Penally on Officers issuing Process for such Fee Farms so discharged, Treble Damages.

nr.

Proviso for Payment of Sums granted to any one by the King out of such Fee Farms.

Ma'* ne his heires or successor by any suche Citie Boroughe ne Towne Corporate, ne by any the bodyes politique or [encorporate '3 of them ne of any of them, nor by the officers inhitantf and mynysters of the same Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate or any of them; And that this pnt Acte shalbe to them and every of them and to the successo's of e9y of them, a sufficyent warrant and discharge against his Ma"' his heires and successo's for the reteyninge and w'holdinge of the same Fee fermes and somes of money duringe the saide three yeres ; And that no processe or other sute shalbe at any tyme had or awarded against them or any of them owte of thexchequer or any other Co'te for tharrerages thereof for or in any of the saide three Yeres.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by aucthoride aforesaide, that asmoche of all and ev'ye suche somes of money as sholde or oughte to be due to the Kings Ma"* or his heires or successo's by any Citie Boroughe or Towne corporate w'in Englande or Wales, or by the bodies politique of the same, or by any the officers or mynistres of the same or any of them, duringe the saide three yeres, whiche may be gathered and collected of the yssues fermes or proffittf for whiche the saide fefermes shoulde be payde in case the same had not been discharged by this p*sent acte, shalbe levyed collected gathered payde and answered as it sholde have ben if this acte had not be made, to be employed and bestowed in and abowte repayringe of Walls, bridges, settinge poore people on woorke, or other good [deadf *] in every suche Citie Boroughe or Towne corporate, where the same sholde [so3] have been due duringe the saide three yeres if this acte had not been made, by the discrescyon and appointement of suche C.omyssyofis as the Kings Ma"' shall pticulerly aucthorise and appoynte for every suche Citye Boroughe or Towne corporate, in suche maner and so'me as the same Comyssyoners shall assigne lymyte and appointe or as by suche Comyssyon shalbe declared or expressed, and not to the Kings Ma,le his heires or successo" in his Highnes Co'te of Exchequer, or in any other Co'te or place to the use of his Ma,ie his heires or successo's.

And yt is ferther ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that if any Officer or Clerke of any his Gracys Co'tes at any tyme w'in or after the saide three yeres, make owte or wryte any maner of writtf or other pcesses or any extretes somons or other p>ceptf, whereby any of his saide Subjects or any of the saide bodyes corporate or other before rehersed or any of them, shalbe in any wise arested attached dystreyned sonunoned or otherwise vexed inquyeted or greyed in his or their bodies londf tehtf goods or cattellf or any of them, for or because of the saide fee fermes, discharged for the saide three yeres as is aforesaide or any pte thereof, he so offendinge shall yelde and paye for recompence thereof to the ptie grevid treble damages and costs of the sute, And neverthelesse all and singler suche writtf processe extreatf and preceptf so to be made for or uppon any maner of thinge discharged by this Acte shalbe utterly voyde and of none effecte.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted that if the Kinge o' Sov*aigne Lorde that nowe is, or any other of his Highnes pgenito's Kings of this Realme, or any of them, have by his or their Ires patentf or otherwise laufully grantyd to any pson or psons or to any body or bodies politique or corporate for lyffe in fee or otherwise any s5me or somes of money, for any consideracon or cause whatsoever, to be had payed taken or receyved of any fee ferme or fee fermes of any suche Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, or of the bodies politique or corporate aforesaid, or of or by the Officers Inhitantf or mynysters of the same Cities Boroughes or Townes corporate or any of them, that all suche some [and3] somes of money so goinge owte or to be payde of suche fee ferme or fee fermes shall be payde yerelye duringe the saide three yeres, by the saide Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate Bodyes politique and corporate or by the officers inhitantf or mynysters of the same, to every suche pson and psones that of righte oughte by reason of suche tres patentf or by any other laufull meane as is abovesaid to have take or receyve suche some or somes of money goynge owte or to be taken or payable of suche fee ferme or fee fermes, and the Kinge thereof not to be charged in his Exchequio' ne ells wheare duringe the saide iij yeres onely : And that every suche pson and psones 8c bodye and bodyes politique or corporate that shoulde or oughte to have any such some or s5mes of money as is beforesayde duringe the said iij yeres, shall have their remedy for the same by action of dette or writte of anuytie in any of the Kings Co'tes of Recorde against ev*y pson and psons bodyes politique or corporate that oughte to paye any suche fee ferme [owte or3 ] of the whiche any suche anuytie rente or some of money ought to be payde ; Any thinge in this Acte to the contrary thereof in any wise notw'stondinge.

k

a

M

j

in

i*

i>

m

m

a

u

13 *

14

PS

»(

a

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte againste the exaction of money or other thinge by any Officer to traffike into Iseland.

Exactions by Officers of the Admiralty on Merchants and Fishermen trading to Iseland, &c.

PiRASMUCHE as within theis fewe yeres now laste paste there hath byn levyed pceyved and taken by certeyne of the Offycers of thadmyraltye, of suche fichauntf and fysshermen as have used and practysed the adventures and joumes into Uelande Newefoundelande Irelande and other placf comodious for fysshinge, and the gettinge of fyshe in and upon the Seasor otherwise by waye of marchauntes in those parts, divers great exaccons as somes of money doles or shares of fyshe and suche other like thinges, to the greate discouragement and hindraunce of the same marchauntf and fysshermen and to no little damage to the hole Comen weale; and whereof also great complaintf have byne made and informac&na also yerelie to the Kinges Majesties most honorable Counsell: For reformac6n wherof and to thintent also that the saide marchauntf and fysshermen may have occac&n rather to practyse and use the same trade of marchauntize and fysshinge frely without anye suche charges or exaccons as ys before lymited, wherby it is to be

4

51

Pi

4

4

*1

s

• corporat Printed Copies. * deeds Printed Copies.

5 Printed Copies omit. * or Printed Copies.

3 or out Printed Copies.

Origirval from

A.D. 1548.

2°& 3° Edw.VI. c. 6, 7.

45

thought that more plentye of fyshe shall come unto this Realme and therby to have the same at more reasonable prices; Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde and the Lordes and Comons in this p>3nt parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that neither the Admyrall, nor any Officer or Minister Officers or Ministers of the Admyraltye for the tyme being, shall in any wise hereafter exacte receyve or take by him selfe his servaunte deputye §v*ntes or deputyes, of anye suche Marchaunte or Fysherman, any some or somes of money doles or shares of fyshe or any other rewarde benefytt or advantage whatsoever it be, for any licence to passe this Realme to the said viagf or any of them, nor uppon any respecte concemynge the saide viagf or anye of them ; upon payne of forfett for the fyrste offence treble the some or treble the value of the rewarde benefytt or advantage that anye suche Officer or Minister shall hereafter have or take of any suche Merchaunte or Fysherman, for the whiche forfeyture the partie greyed and everie other pson or psons whatsoever he or they be shall and maye sue for the same by Informacbn bill playnte or action of debt in anye of the Kinges Courts of Recorde, the Kinge to have thone moytie and the partye complayningc thotlier moytie in whiche suyte no essoyne ptection or wager of lawe shalbe allowed ; and for the seconde offence the partie so offendinge not onlye to loose and forfeyt his or their Offyce or Offices in the Admyraltie, but also to make fyne and rawnsome at the Kings Will and Pleasure.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte againste the craftie and deceiptfull buyinge of Penc&ns.

THE Kinges most excellent Majestie, the Lordes and Comons in this p>sent parliament assembled, understandinge that divers psones sekinge unhonest and fylthie gayne, without respect either of God or due regarde to the Kinges Majestie, by sondrie attemptf and practyses have not onlye extorted divers somes of money of divers the Kinges lovinge Subjects havinge pencons by the Kings Ires patentf, but also withe slaunderous wordes towardes the Kings Majesties Officers and as muche as in them lyeth ympeachinge the Kinges pceedingf have for little money or none or other thinge given to some of the said pencyoners, supplantinge them, bought of divers pencyoners their pencyons had by suche patentf, being their releif to Iyve by, to their utter undoinge : Be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same, that all and everie pson & persons that at anye tyme heretofore, synce the fyrste Session of the Parliament holden at Westm in the firste yere of the raigne of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that nowe ys, by any fraudulente or deceiptfull waye or meanes hathe or have gotten or obteyned, for money or otherwise, anye guyfte graunte bargayne or pmyse of any Pencyoner or Pencyoners of his or their saide patent or patentf conceminge his or their saide Pencyon, graunted or to be graunted or assigned out of any Mannors landes tehtf and other hereditamentf that did belonge or apperteyne to anye of the late Monastics priories religious houses colledges chauntries guy Ides fratemyties or other spuall possessions or by reason of the same, whiche came aswell to the possession of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that nowe ys as to the late Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight, by reasone of dissolution attayndor or surrendor, and before the laste daye of June next comynge, upon a repayment or laufull tender of the money or other thinge taken for the same by any suche pencyoners or pencyoner patentee or patentees, made to him or them, doe not redelyver to everie suche pencyoner & pencyoners patentee and patentees, aswell his or their saide patent and patents as all other writinge and writinges made conceminge the same pencyon, that then the saide guyfte graunte bargayne and jnnyse made of everie suche pencyon and patent and everie of them shalbe voyd; And also that then and front thenceforthe everie suche pencyoner and patentee shall have and enjoye the pencyon of him soe given graunted bargayned soulde or pmyssed, as thoughe noe suche guyfte graunte bargayne sale or pmyse had bene made of his or their saide pencyon fee or annuytie, notwithstandinge any writings made sealed or delyvered betwene anye suche parties con&ning the same.

And for the more true and suer payment of all and everie manner of pson and psones of and for their seven.ll Pencons fees and annuyties due and to be due to them or anye of them out of the pmisses or anye parte or parcell thereof or by reason of the same; Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf the Receyvor or Receyvors or anye of them their Assignes deputyes clerkf or Qvauntf or the Assignees deputyes clerkf or sv’ntes of any of them, havinge or whiche shall have to doe withe the Payment of anye suche Pencyons fees and annuyties or of anye parte or parcell of them, doe not at all and everie tyme and tymes before the Tenth daye of June and the feast of the Purificacon of our Ladye nexte ymediatly ensuynge, ePye daye and feaste specified in everie suche Graunte or Patente for the Payment of the said Pencons fees and annuyties, upon a reasonable Requeste thereof made to the saide Receyvor or Receyvors their Assignees or Deputyes Assignee or Deputye or to his or their Clerkf or §v*ntes abovesaide by any of the saide Pencyoners or Grauntees or their severall Deputies attorneys or assignees or by the sev'all Deputye attorney or assignee of anye suche Pencyoner and Grauntee, well and truiyc paye unto the saide Grauntees and Pencyoners, their severall

Go

N

Penalty on the Admiral or hit Officer! taking any Reward for Licence! to Merchant!, kc. for any such Voyage.

Fir»t Offence Treble the Value taken

Second Offence, Incapacity

and Fine.

Fraudulent Purchases of Pensions from Pensioners;

Persons having fraudulently obtained any Pension, granted to any Pensioner out of Lands of Religious Houses suppressed, shall, on Tender of Money actually advanced, restore tile Patent or Security given for the same; or on Failure the Pensioner shall rc-tnjoy the same.

II.

Penalty upon

Receivers, iStc. not paying Pensions duly and without Delay, ,t'5.

2°& 3° Edw.VI. c.T.

A.D. 1548.

Fi« to Person*

p*)ing Pensions.

Penalty on Officers taking excessive Fees; Ten Times the Amount taken.

limitation of Actions.

111.

.'ntlice* of Av is.-, &c. may esquire of Offences.

IV.

Attornies or Assignees of Pensioners shall produce Certificates of the Pensioners being alive.

V.

Pensioners may be paid Quarterly.

Deputyes attorneys or assignees, their Pencons fee and yereiye annuyties to them graunted and hereafter to be graunted, duringe their severall Lyves or otherwise accordinge to the tenor and effecte of their severall Grauntf to everie of them made and hereafter to be made, without anye further delaye, not takinge of the saide Grauntees pencyoners or of anye of them their Deputyes attorneys or assignees for the Payment of anye of their saide Pencons fees or annuyties or for the more spedye payment thereof to them or any of them to be made, any other or more Some or S5mes of Money or any other thingc or pfytt, but onelye of everie Pounde of everie suche Pencyon fto or annuyde to them payde sower pence, and for the acquytance of everie suche Parde trulye payde of his saide Pencyon fee or annuyde, yf the saide Parde his Depude or Deputyes bring and offer to delyver none redye made, sower pence and not above; that then everie suche Receyvor or Receyvors their Deputye and deputyes derkf and 9v*ntes as aforesaide, to whom any suche reasonable Requeste shalbe made for the payment of the same as ys aforesaide, for everie tyine that the saide Offycer or Officers or his or their Depude or Deputies or his or their Clerke or Clerkes havinge to doe withe the Office or Offices of suche Receyver or Officer as is aforesaide shall delaye or cause to be delayed any the saide Grauntees or Pencyoners of the Payment of their Pencons fees or annuydes or of anye parte thereof, after the Tenth daye of June and the feast of the Purificacon of our Ladie as ys aforesaide, shall forfeyte for everie suche delaye an hundreth Shilling^: And that also yf anye Treasorer or Treasorers Receyvor or Receyvors Officer or Officers or his or their Deputie or Deputyes or his or their Clerkf or anye of them as is aforesaide, for everie tyme that they or any of them doe exacte and take of the saide Pencyoners Grauntees or any of them their Deputyes attorneys or assignees or of the Deputye attorney or assignee of any of them above the Rates before declared, shall lose and forfeyte for everie tyme soc exacting and taking, tenne tymes so muche as they or anye of them shall soe exacte and take or cause to be exacted and taken: All whiche forfeytures shalbe to the Partie that shall fynde him selfe greived yf he will sue and demaunde the same within Seaven Monethes next after the saide Forfeyture in any of the Kinges Majesties Cortes of his Benche Comen Place or Exchequer by A coin of Debte by orriginall Writt bill playnte or informacon, in whiche Suyte noe Essoyne pteccSn nor wager of lawe shalbe allowed or admytted for the Defendaunte.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, that the Kinges Justices of Assises and of Oyer and determyner in their sePall Circuytf, and the Justices of Peace in everie Countye within this Realme of England and Wales at their GeSall Sessions, shall have full Power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to enquire heare and determyne all and all manner of Offences hereafter to be done and comytted contrarie to the tenor of this Acte, aswell by Informacon as by p'sentment of twelve men, and shall have full power and auctoritie to awarde pc esse upon everie psentment or Informacbn had before them or two of them, whereof the one to be of the Quop, of all and everie Offence and Offences done & comytted contrarie to the tenor of this Acte, as in case upon Inditement of trespasse.

Provyded alwaye, that if any suche Pencyoner or Grauntee doe not make request in pper pson for payment of his or their saide Pencon or Annuytie as is aforesaide, but dothe require the same by his Deputye attorney or assignee. That then if suche Deputye attorney or assignee doe not bringe with him a tre subscribed with the Handes of one Justice of the Peace of the same Shire where the saide Pencyoner or Grauntee is dwellinge, or els of the Surveyor of the same Shire for the tyme beinge, witnessinge the same Pencyoner or Grauntee to be then livinge, that then the saide Receyvor and all other Offycer and Offycers their deputyes clerkes or svauntf, to whom request by anye deputye attorney or assignee of any suche Pencyoner or Grauntee shalbe made as is aforesaide, shall not be bound to paye anye suche some of money to anye deputye attorney or assignee of any suche Pencyoner or Patentee by vertue of this Acte, nor for non payment thereof shall incurre the daunger of anye payne or forfeyture before mencyoned : Any matter or thinge before explssed to the contrarie in anye wyse notwithstandinge.

Provyded alwaye and be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that this Acte nor anye thinge therin contcyned shall not extend to restrayne anye such Receyvor or Receyvors or other Officer or Offycers as ys aforesaide, but they and everie of them shall and maye paye or cause to be payde to anye of the saide Pencyoners Patentees or Grauntees their saide PencyonsFees and Annuyties quarterlye, accordinge to the tenor and effecte of their saide patentC or grauntf a* they have heretofore done; Any thinge herein to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding.

Goi

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 8.

47

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte towchinge the findinge of Offices before the Escheator.

W HE ARE manye and dyvers psons, holdinge or that have holden landes teiltes or hereditamentf tome for tcrntc of yeres and some by copye of Courte role, have bene cxpulsed and putt out of their termes and holdes, by reason of inquisicons or offices founden before Exchetors Comyssioners and other, conteyninge tenures of the Kinge in Capite, entitlinge the Kinge to the Wardshippe or Custodye of suche landes or teutes, and somctymc eutytlinge the Kinge to the same uppon attayndors of treason fellonye or otherwyse, by reason that suche leases for terme of ycrcs or interest by copie of Courte Rolle of suche p6ons have not bene founde in suche inquisi&ms or offices; after whiche expulsion or puttinge out the saide psons have bene without remedye for the obteyninge of the saide ferine* and holdes duringe the Kinges possession thcrin, and can have noe travers monstraunce de droit ne other remedye for the same, because their saide interests is but a chattell in the lawe, or a custumaric holde and noe state of frceholde; Ami also where any pson or psons hathe anye rent coen office fee or other pfytt apprendre of an estate of freeholde or for yeres or otherwise out of suche landes or tents specified in suche offices or inquisic&ns, the saide rente coen office fee or pfytte apprendre not founde in the same office or offices, suche psons are in lyke manner without remedye, to obteyne or have the saide rente coen offyee fee or pfytt apprendre by any Travers or other speedy meane, without great and excessc charges duringe the Kings intest therin by force of suche inquisic&n or ofl'yee: For remedye whereof be it enacted by auctoride of this p*sent parliament, that where anye suche offyee or inquisicon is or shalbe founden, omyttinge suche titles interests or matters as is aforesaide, that in all suche cases everie Lessee Ten'nte for terme of yeres or Coppiholder, and everie suche pson or psons that have or shall have any interest to anye rente coen pfytt apprendre for terine of yeres lyffe or otherwise out of any of the lands tents or hereditamentf conteyned in suche offyee or inquisicon, where the Kinge his hcircs or successors ys or shalbe enritled as ys aforesaide to anye suche landes tents or hereditamentf, shall have houlde enjoye and pceyve all and everie their leases and interests for terme of yeres or by copye of Courte Roll, rents edmons offices fees and pfytt apprendre, in suche manner forme state and condicon as they ami everie of them shoulde or rnyghte have done, in case there had bene noe suche office or inquisicon founden ; and a- they shoulde or laufullye inyght or ought to have done, in case suche lease interest by copye of Courte Role rente coen Offyee fee or pfytt apprendre had bene founden in suche office or inquisicon ; anye lawe custome or usage to the corn rye heretofore used in suche cases in anywise notwithstandinge.

And also where it is or shalbe founden for the Kinge his heires or successo's, that the heire or heires of his Ten’nte or Teifntes ys or shalbe within age, where in deedc suche heire or heires ys or shalbe at the same tyme of full age, or of a more or greater age than ys or shalbe conteyned within suche Offyee; Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that in everie suche Case suche heire and heires shall and maye, at his or their verie full age or after, psecute a Wrytt of Etate pbanda and sue his or their Lyverie or Oustre le mayn as his or their Cases shall lye, and have the pfyttf of his or their Landes teutes or hereditamentf from the tyme of his or theire verie full Age; Anye suche untrue Office or Inquisicon, or anye Lawe or Custome, to the contrarie in anywise notwithstanding.

Also where one pson or more is or shalbe founden heire to the Kings Ten’nte, by Office or Inquisicon, where anye other pson is or shalbe heire; or yf one pson or moe be or shalbe founden heire by Offyee or Inquisicon in one Countie, and an other pson or psons ys or Shalbe founde heire to the same pson in an other Countie; of yf any pson be or shall be untrulye founden Lunatyke ideott or dead; Be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, that everie pson and psons greyed or to be greyed by anye suche Office or Inquisicon shall and maye have his or their travers to the same, ymediatlye or after at his or their pleasure, and pceede to trial! therin and have lyke Remedye St advantage as in other Cases of Travers upon untrue Inquisicbns or Offices founden; anye Lawe usage or custome to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Also where it ys or shalbe hereafter untrulye founde by Offyee or Inquisicon that any pson or psons, attaynted or that shalbe attaynted of Treason fellonye or pinunire, ys or shalbe seised of any Landes tents or hereditamentf at the tyme of suche Treasone fellonye or offence comytted or done, or any tyme after, wherunto any other pson or psons hathe or shall have any just Title or interest of anye Estate of Freeholde, That then in everie suche Case everie pson and p6ons greyed therby shall have his or their Travers or Monstraunce de droit to the same, without being driven to anye Pctycon of Righte; and like Remedye and Restitucbn uppon his or their title founde or judged for him or them therin, as hathe bene accustomed and used in other Cases of Travers, althoughc the Kings Majestic his heires or successors be or shall*.' in suche Case entytled to any suche Landes tents or hereditamentf by double matter of Recorde; anye Lawe custome or usage to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And further be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that where anye Inquisicon or Office ys or shalbe founden by these Wordes or lyke, qd de quo vel de quibj ten p*dca tenentr juratores p*dci ignorant, or els founden holden of the Kinge, p que svicia ignorant, or suche lyke, that in suche Case suche Tenure so uncertenly founden, de quo vel de quibj jvdict tenenf ignorant shall not be taken for any ymediate Tenure of the King, nor suche Tenure soc founden of the Kinge p que svicia ignorant, shall not be taken any Tenure in Capite; but in suche Cases a melius inquirend to be awarded, as hath bene accustomed in olde tyme; any Usage of latter tyme to the corn ric notw"\tatidyng.

Mischief to Less,’, ami Copy lioldori, lay Inquisitions ut Esclieaturs which they cannot traverse

and to Persons having Kent!, Common*, He.

On Inquisitions, omitting Title! of Leasees Copyholders or Persons having Rent or Common, See. such Leasees, ice. shall enjoy their several Interests notwithstanding such Omission

If.

Ileirs whole Age is untruly found in Inquisitions,may prosecute a Writ oi .Et.ite probanda, ami sue Livery, dec. whenever they come of Age.

III.

Traverse of Office

given on untrue finding of Heirship,

Lunacy, Death,.vc.

IV.

Traverse given on Offices found on Attainder, without Petition of Kiglu ; although the King be entitled by Double Matter of Record.

V.

Melius inquirendum, on Offices where the Tenure it uncertainly found.

48

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 8.

A.D. 1548.

Heirs within Ago may traverse Office finding Tenure of the King immediate, where the Tenure is in fact of a common Person.

VII.

The King's Prerogative to have all Lands of the Heirs of his Tenants in Chief, till Livery sued ; Proceedings of mean Loros, in such Cases, as to ilicir Rents during the King's Possession and Minority of

the Heir:

Such mean Lords, during the Minority of such Heir, shall take their Rents by the Hands of the King’s Officers; and the Heir shall be discharged thereof.

VIII.

Act shall not extend to Offices found before 20 March 1148-9.

IX.

On Traverses under this Act, Scire facias shall be sued against the Parties interested t

Two Writs of Search, on Traverses, where at Common Law Petition to the King i» required.

X.

former Rights aaved to the King, after Traverse and Judgment thereon.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoride aforesaid, that where it shall be founden by any Offyee or Inquisic&n that any Landes tentes or hereditamentf are or shalbe discended remayned or comen to any heire within age and in the Kinges Warde, or that ought to be in the Kings Warde, and that suche Landes teKtf or hereditamentf are holden of the King ymmediatly, where in deede the same are or shalbe holden of some other coen pson and not of the Kinge yinmcdiatly, that in suche case suche heire or heires shall and may have their travers to the same, within age, and lyke remedy and restitution upon his or their title founden judged for him or them therin as hathe bene accustomed and used in other cases of traverces ; any lawe usage or custome to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Also where the Kings Majestie by his pVogatyve ought to have aswell suche landes and tents as be holden of other peons, as holden of hym selfe ymediatlye, whereof his Ten*nte holdinge of him in Chiefs dieth seised his heire beingc within age, untill suche tyme as lyverie be sued by suche heire; and that the meane Lordes of whom the said other landes and teiitf of suche heire be holden use to spare the rents due to them for the same landes or tents holden of them, duringe the Kings possession, and when suche heire hath sued his or their liverye they use by distresse or otherwise to conipell the saide heire to paye to them the arreragf of suche their rents, for suche tyme as the saide landes or tents were in the Kings possession by suche mynoritie, where they shoulde have sued by petic&n to the Kings Majestie to have obteyned the same out of the Kings handes yf they wolde have the same; whiche ys to the greate detryment losse and hyndrauncc of suche heire and heires; For redresse whereof be it enacted by thauctoritie of this p*sent parliament, that from hcnccforthe suche meane Lordes, duringe suche Minoritye, shall have receive and take their saide rents by the handes of suche the Kings Officers as shalbe appoynted to have receve and take thissues revenues and pfittf of the same landes and tentes, soe holden of suche meane Lordes, duringe the minoritie and nonage of suche heire and heires, and untill suche heire or heires sue his or their lyverie; And that suche heire and heires, untill suche tyme as he or they shall have sued their liverye or might conveniently have sued their liverie, shalbe thereof clerelie discharged; and that suche officer and officers shall upon request made paye the same to suche meane Lordes, they givinge to suche officer and officers a suffyeient acquytance or acquytauncf for the receipte of the same; and that suche payment thereof made withe acquytaunce or acquytauncf thereof shewed, shalbe to such offyeers a suffyeient discharge againste the Kings Majestie and his heires uppon his or their accompte in that behalfe; Any lawe usage or custome heretofore had or used to the contrarie hereof in any wyse notwithstandinge.

(')Provyded alwayes and it is enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that this Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned shall not in any wise extende to any Inquisic&n or Office taken or founde at anye tyme before the twentieth daye of Marche next comynge; nor to hinder pjudyce or take awaye the Title interest or possession of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, or of any other pson or psons growen or come, by vertue meane or [accac&n of any Inquisic&n or Offyce taken or founde before the same daye j but that aswell our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge as all other pson and psons havinge any Title interest or possession by vertue meane or [accaCon'] of any Inquisic&n or Office founde before the same daye, shall and maye have holde and enjoye the same in lyke manner and fourme as thoughe this Acte had never bene had or made; any thinge in the same Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Phovyded also and it is enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, that in all suche cases as any pson or psons shalbe enabled by this Acte to have anye travers, and shall pursue his or their travers, that then he or they that shall pursue suche travers shall sue one Writt or severall Writtf of Scire facias as the case shall require againste all and singuler suche psons and pson as shall have Interest by the Kinge or by his Patentee or Patentees, in like manner and fourme as ys requisite upon traverses or petyf&ns heretofore pursued; And that in everie suche Scire facias the Patentees or other defendauntf shall have like plees and advantage as they had in any Scire facias before this tyme awarded againste anye Patentee in any case of petyc&n : And also that upon everie travers that shalbe pursued by vertue or meane of this Acte, in suche case as the partie or parties that shall pursue any suche travers shoulde by thordre of the comen lawes of this Realme have byne putt to sue by Petyc&n to the Kinge, there shalbe two Writtf of Serche graunted, in manner and fourme as like Writtf have bene graunted upon Petic&ns made to the Kinge.

PnovYDED also and it is enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that yf after anye Judgment shalbe given upon any Travers that shalbe tendyd or sued by venue or meane of this Acte, it shall appeare by any mater of Recorde that the Kinge hath any other former Tytle right or in?est to the Mannors landes tents or other heredytamentf menc&ned in the same Travers, that then the same Title right and interest shalbe saved to the Kinge; the saide Travers and judgment thereupon given in anywise notwithstandinge.

' The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Three separate Schedules. ‘ occncon 0.

pl^zedbv G°v Sle

A. 0.1548.

2°& 3° Edw. VI. c.9.

49

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the true currienge of Leather.

ALBEYT divers good and holsome Lawes and Statutes have bene heretofore made and devised for the true St. ioH.VII. c.19.

tannynge coryinge and working of Leather, yet thoroughe the covetise of Tanners in overhastinge their worke n-vRL by divers subtill and craftie meanes, by necligence of the serchers and collusion of the corryars that by divers suche existing Aa* at Statutes were aucthorised to trye the saide Leather, and by the strayte workmanshipp of the Cordwayners, the Kinges 4c‘

subjects are not onely in their goods but also in the helthe of their bodyes much endomaged by occacon of yll Shoes and Bootes made of evell Lether, therefore as the malice of man encreaseth to defraude thentent of good lawes, so lawes must ryse against suche guyle withe the more severitie daye by day for the due represse of the same : Be it therfore enacted by auctoritie of this p>sent parliament, that the Acts made in the nynetenth yere of the late Kinge of famous memorie Henry the Seventh and in the xxiiij"1 yere of the most noble and victorious Kinge Henrye theighte, and all other Acts and Statutf heretofore made conceminge Tanners Corners and Cordwayners shall stande in their force and effecte accordinge to the tenor of the same in all things not altered nor repealed heretofore.

And be yt further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe psone occupyinge the feat or mysterie of a C.orriar Cordewayner Cobler Sadler Gordler Lctherseller Bottelmaker or any other Artifycer, shall from and after the feast of Michelmas next comynge sell or cause to be solde or put to sale any backes or hides of any Englishe kynde of tanned Lether unwroughte, or in suche kynde as he shall buye the same, Calves Skynnes only excepte; upon payne of forfeytinge for everie hyde backe or parcell of Lether that he shall so sell contrarie to this Statute tenne shillingf.

And be it further enacted, that noe psone other then suche as shall occupye the featf or mystery of a Corryar HL

shall putto sale any manner Lether [curred' ] or blacked beinge unwrought or uncutt, upon payne of forfeyture the tlull *11 black Leather so solde. Lei,ber-

And be it further enacted, that noe pson or psons whiche occupyeth the mysterie or occupac&n of Cordeweyners c ^ ?v- ^ shall after the saide feast make or cause to be made any Bootes Shoes Startoppes or Slyppers of Leather but suche as u«e such Leather shalbe made of good and sufficient tanned Lether and well and truelye corryed after this rate and sorte, That ys to wyte, £cwcU

wette Lether as that whiche sholde holde out wete, and dry Lether as it behoveth suche to be; And that the saide Cordewayners and everie of them shall put in the inner soule of the saide double souled Shoes Bootes Startoppes and Slyppers, Lether called the Wombe, well and suffyeientlye corried, and in the Treswelles of the doble soled Shoes the flanke of the hyde or skynne sufficientlye corried.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, for the true execucbn hereof, that the Mayer of the Cittie of V.

London and the Aldermen of the same for the tyme beinge shall yerelye appoynte sower Serchers and one Overseer or moe sSlerTof Leather by his and their discrecbn to be swome before the saide Mayer and Aldermen for the tyme beinge to doe their office trulie, * appointed whiche shall by venue of this Acte sower tymes in the yere at the least, that is to saye ones everie quarter and oftener yf tfc^Mayor and nede requyre, make true searche and viewe in all and everie house and houses place and places aswell within the saide Aldermen

Cittie and the Suburbes therof, as in everie other place within thre myles compasse of the saide Cittie, where any Tanner

Coryer Shomaker or Cobler dothe or shall dwell & occupye any of the saide occupations, for all and everie Boots

Stanoppes Shoes and other thinges apperteyninge to the crafte or mysterie of Shomakers or Cobler made or wrought

contrarie to the purporte of this Statute: And also for all manner of Lether and other thinge apperteyninge to the

crafte or occupa£6n of Comers and Tanners, not well and sufficiently corried or tanned accordinge to the meaninge of

this Acte. And that all other Mayres Baylifff and other hedd Offycers in all other Citties Boroughes and Markett Townes ln(j

of this Realme out of the circuyte and compas of the saide thre myles, shall upon payne of twentie pounds everie yere by

that they make defaulte herein, appointe & swere yerelye two thre or more psones of the best skylled men within their Cf"

Offices by their dyscrec&n, to searche and viewe within the Precyncte of their Cittyes Boroughes and Townes w* shall

sower tymes in the yere at the least. That ys to wyte once everie quarter of a yere, make lyke searche within their

lytnittf, and shall have a marke or seale Spared for that purpose as ys abovely mitted to be in London and the

Suburbes of the same; And that the same Searchers or one of them shall themselves kepe the sayde seale or marke

and withe the same shall seale or marke suche Lether as they shall fynde sufficyent; The same Searchers to have for Thd, Fee*» under

their labor accordinge as ys lymitted in the Statute made for due searche triall and markinge of Lether, in the sower and 2+ H VIII. c. 1.

twentith yere of Kinge Henrye theighte.

Provyded alwayes that no Lether being once serched and sealed or marked as aforesayde shalbe charged agaync VI.

withe any other seale or searche : And yf the saide Searchers or anye of them doe fynde any Lether solde or offered to ™ceh*arch*d. be solde or brought to be searched or markyd insufficientlye tanned, or any Lether not sufficiently corried, or any Stuffe Search*™ may made of suche Lether, it shalbe laufull for the saide Searchers or any of them to sease the same Lether and Stuffe made of •ciie Leather, ire. Lether as forfeyted, and to reteyne the same in their custodye till the same be tryed before the Mayre Baylifff and other tanned.1 hedd Officers of everie Cittie Boroughe or Towne where suche seisure shall happen to be made; The same tryall to be made by sixe experte men at thappoyntment of the saide hedd Offycers and twoe of the Aldermen of the saide Citties Boroughes [or*] Townes, upon the othes of the said Triers.

1 curryd 0. * 8c 0.

II.

Artificer* in Leather thall not tell the ume again unwrought.

o

50

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 9

A.D. 1548.

VII. Penalty for resisting Searchers. £ S’

VIII. Penalty on Searchers for Neglect, &c. £5.

IX.

Cordwainers may make Sboea, kc. as bespoken.

X

Proviso as to Boots, kc. made of dry Leather.

XI.

Treble Custom on all Leather exported

except under Licences granted.

XII.

None but Tanners shall buy Hides in the Hair.

How Tanners cut Wombs and Backs of Hides.

Curriers shall not refuse to curry Leather brought red to them by Artificers.

XIV. Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

And also be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf any pson will wilfully withstande or denye any suche search to be made accordinge to the tenor of this Acte as ys aforesaide, or will not suffer the saide Searchers, so swome and appoynted to searche, to enter into his or their house or houses or other place where suche evell made Shoes Boots and other the pmisses or any Lether deceiptfullye and falsely tanned or corned ys or shalbe suspected or knowen to be, that then ev'ye suche pson and psons so denyinge and withstandinge and not sufferinge the saide Searchers, so sworne and appoynted for the tyme beinge, to enter and make searche, shall lose and forfeyte for e9y tyme soe denyinge and withstandinge, five Poundes.

And further be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that yf the psons so to be assigned for the searche as ys aforesaide, will or doe make defalte in their search and not searche sower tymes of the yere as ys aforesaide, excepte they be lettyd by some laufull ympediment, or do allowe or seale or cause to be sealed any Lether or Stuff unsufficiently tanned corried or wroughte, or doe conceale any faltes founde in their searche, that they and ev'ye of them that shall make defaulte in searche or allowe that is insufficiente, or shall conceale defaultf founden, shall forfeyt and lose fyve Poundes for ev'ye suche defaulte allowaunces or concealment wittingly done and soe pved sufficyentlye agaynste them.

Provyded alwayes that yt shalbe laufull to ev'ye Cordewayner or Shomaker, not onlye within the saide Cittie of London but els where within this Realme of Englande, to make all manner of Shoes Boots Slyppers and other necessaries for Dukes Earles Lordes Knightes Ladyes Esquires Gentilmen and Gentilwomen, of suche Lether and other things apperteyninge to their facultye as their pleasure is to have them made of for their money; and to all other psons as they shall bespeake them.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That they ne any of them shall put to sale any Shoes or Boots of drye Lether, betwene the laste daye of September and the firste daye of Maye, but to suche psones as shall soe bespeake them.

And for asmuche as by carrienge and conveyinge of Lether over the Sea, Lether is growen nowe in suche unreasonable price that the Cdmons of this Realme cannot nowe have for twelve pence, that they myght in tyme paste have had for eighte pence; Be it therefore enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everie pson and psons that from and after the firste daye of June next comynge shall shipp any Backs or Hydes or other Lether, or Hydes tanned or untanned into the parties of beyonde the Sea, shall paye for everie Dycker of Lether called Backes or Hides or other Lether or rawe Hides treble Custome. Provided alweye that this Acte shall not extende to any licence alredye graunted for caryinge or conveyinge any Lether over the Sea, but that everie pson whiche hathe alredy obteyned anye suche lycence may shipp and carrye the same, payinge such custome as they might before the makinge of this Acte.

And that noe Shomaker Corrier or other pson to his or their owne use excepte Tanners, shall buye any Hyde in the heare or untanned to putt the same to tannynge, upon payne to forfeyte for everie suche Hide six shillinges and eight pence.

And be it further enacted that everie Tanner from henceforthe shall cut everie Wombe of ev'ye Ore Hide, six ynches brode, of everye Stere Hide fyve ynches brode. and of everie Cowe Hyde eight ynches brode of assise in the narrowyst place, The whiche Oxe Hide Stere Hyde or Cowe Hide that shalbe tanned for and in the kynde of Sole Lether, upon payne of forfeyture for ev'ye Wombe cutt less then so manye ynches brode of Assise as ys above appoynted, thre shillingf sower pence: And that noe Tanner shall cutt any Hide for a Backe but suche as shalbe sufficient and well lethered, upon payne of forfeyture of the same Backe or Backs not beinge suffyeient and well lethered ; And that no Corryar whiche shall occupye thoccupac&n of corryinge shall hereafter refuse to currye any Lether brought unto him redd, by anye Cordeweyner or other Artificer that occupieth anye tanned Lether in his occupation, to thentent to be corried, upon reasonable agrement for his paynes, the same to be delyv'ed well and sufficiently corried to the Owner therof within sower and twentie dayes.

All whiche forfeytures of somes of money aforesaide, shalbe devided into thre equall parts, one parte therof shalbe to the use of our SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge and an other parte to him or them that shall sue for the same, and the thirde parte thereof shalbe to the use of the Cittie Boroughe or Towne where the offence shalbe comytted & done. And be yt further enacted, that yt shalbe laufull for everie man to sue for the same forfeytures of somes of money in any Courte or Courts of Recorde by Bill playnte acc&n of debte informac&n or otherwise, in whiche suyte noe essoyne wager of lawe or ptecc&n shalbe admytted or allowed. And all suche Boots Shoes and Lether as shalbe founde unsufficiently wroughte tanned or corried and declared by this Acte to be forfeyted, shalbe seased by the saide Searchers or any other pson fyndinge the faulte thereof, and the same Stuff forfeyted shalbe distributed as hereafter ensuyth That is to saye; suche Stuffe so seised within the saide Cittie of London or within thre myles compas of the same, to be broughte to the Guyldehall in London there to be devided into thre parts, wherof one parte to be to the first Seasor of the saide unlaufull Stuffe, and thother two parts to be distributed to the poore folkes, aswell being w,hin the Newe Hospitall of Sainte Barthilmewe in London as to suche poore householdeis as shalbe inhabitinge within the Cittye of London or the cyrcuyte aforesaide, at the discretion of suche psones as the Mayor of the sayde Cittie and sower Aldermen of the same for the tyme beinge shall appoynte for the same: And that all suche Boots Shoes and Lether as shalbe founde within any [their ’] Cittye Boroughe or Towne within this Realme out of the saide thre myles compas unsufficientlye wrought tanned or corried as ys aforesaid, shalbe seised and taken as forfeyted and brought to the Comou

1 So also in Original Act; erroneously for ‘ other.’

t^Ck »gie

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Enw. VI. c. 9, 10.

51

Hall of ePye suche Cittie Boroughe or Towne and other convenient and open place; And two parts thereof to be disposed to the poore and in other Deedes of Charitie in those parts after the Discrefon of the Mayors Baylifff Hedboroughes and two other Aldermen of the same Cittie Boroughe or Towne ; And where noe suche Officers be, then the same to be done by a Justice of Peace next adjoyninge and by the Constables of the Towne or Village where suche Seasure is or shalbe made, and the saide Searchers or firste Seasor to have the thirde pane of suche forfeytures for their payne.

Provided alwaye and be it enacted, that noe suche unlaufull lether so forfeyted be converted to anye boots or shoes Forfeited'kailicr to be put to sale agayne, upon shillingf eighte pence over for

payne that everie pson that soe shall convene the same, to forfeyte the same Stuff and six shall not be made fL . . , a- into Booti for Sale,

evy tyme so domge and offending.

Provided alweyes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe laufull to all Cordweyners Shomakers cordwaiiwrs may and Coblers above mencioned, for the better avoydinge of the payne abovesaide on them appoynted in case they shoulde Leather for make or sell any Bottf or Shoes of lether not sufficientlye corried, from henceforthe to corrye and dresse by ther selfes or their §vauntf all suche lether as they or any of them shall converte into Boots shoes slyppers or other things apperreyninge to the mysterie of Cordweyners or Coblers, and none other; the Statute in the nynetenth yere of the Kinge of famous memorie Henrie the Seventh heretofore made to the contrarie hereof notwithstandinge.

XVII.

And for the better execuC&n of this psent A&e be it enacted, that all Justices of Assise Justices of Gaolc Delyverie ju«tice» of Atsiae Justicf of Peace and Stewardf of fraunchises leetf and lawdayes within their se^all pcynctf, and the Mayrcs of London for the tyme beinge within the saide thre myles, and all other Mayres Baylifff and other hedd officers of Citties Offence*. Boroughes and Townes within their severall pcynctf out of the saide cyrcuyte and compas of thre myles, shall esquire of all the pmisses in their Sessions lete or lawdaye, and heare and determyne the same, and also by their discrecons examyn all psons supposed to offende this Acte or any parte thereof.

XVIII.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that the Girdlers of this Realme maye sell their Neck Wombes and Shreddes of p,,viw for s»lc of tanned lether to any pson or psons without any forfeyte payne or penaltie to be yelded for the same; any thinge Neck 'of’ulltbe? conteyned in the same to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaye that it shalbe laufull for all manner of Shomakers Coblers Sadlers Girdelers Bodgemakers and all Au Artificers, tee. other Artificers usinge Lether in their arte, to buy all kynde of tanned Lether, beinge firste sealed as aforesaide, to be n»r huy and kII converted to any thinge belonginge onlye to their occupacon, at Leden Hall in London, upon everie Mondaye in the Lca,ion|uii, though yere, thoughe neither the buyer nor seller be free of the saide Cittie of London, without incurringc any penaltye or not frcc of London, danger for the same; any thinge in this Acte conteyned or any other things to the contrarie hereof notwithstandinge.

Provyded also that noe psone or psones shalbe molested sued or vexed for any forfeyture or penaltie comprised within this Acte, excepte the suyte thereof be comenced within one yere after the offence comytted.

XX. Limitation of Prosecution One Year.

(') Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that this psent Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned shall not in any wise Pri,vi(0 extende to be pjudiciall or hurtfull to any lorde or lordes pson or psones bodies polytyke and corporate or any of them Franchises of their heires or successors, or theires or successors of any of them, towchinge any fayre or inarkett scale serche libertye MlrteU» ‘S:C• fraunchise pryviledge pfytt cotnoditie forfeyture fynes or emolument wch they or anye of them have or ought to have by anye lawfull interest or tytle before the comencement and begynninge of this psent parliament; but that they and everie of them maye and shall have enjoye pceyve take and kt-pe all and singuler their fayres market seale scrchcs, libertyes fr uncheses pfyttes comodities forfeytures and fynes rysinge comynge and growinge by reason of this Acte, anye clause artyde or sentence in this psent Acte or Statute to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge; This Acte to endure to the ende of the next parliament.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the true makinge of Maulte.

WHERE div'se and sondrie psons takinge upon them the Arte and Mysterie of Maltmakinge, and sundry other Deceit* in

psons, tenderinge more their owne private lucre gayne and pfitt then the holsome vytalinge of the Kings Majestie °f M*,

the Nobilitie of this Realme and other his Gracf Subjects, have nowe of late by their insaciable covetous and gready myndes accustummably and comonly made myche Malte unpure and unseasonable, for that they have made the same Make in eighte or nyne dayes wher in deede the same cannot be well and pfectlye made unlesse it have the tyme and space of xxj'* dayes in the making thereof; And where also div^se and sondrie of the saide Makers of Malte comonly have and doe slacklye and deceiptfullye drye the Malte so by them made, for that they wolde have an inordinate encreasj thereof by the swellinge of the saide Malte, whereby the same Malte not beinge sufficientlye dryed cannot be kepte any longe tyme or space, but it wilbe mustie and full of Wevellf, wherby noe holsome drinckc for mans bodye can by any meanes be therof made, whiche is not onlye to the greate pill and daunger of the Nobilitie and other the Kings

1 The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

52

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 10.

A.D. 1548.

Mixing bad Malt with good;

Three Weeki shall be employed in completing the making ol Barley Malt; except in June, July, and August;

and in those Months, 17 Days.

Penalty a s. per Quarter.

11.

Like Penalty on mixing bad Malt with good, for Sale.

III.

Penalty on selling Malt not well fanned, 2od. per Quarter.

Application of Penalties.

IV.

Justices of Peace, (<c. may present Offences.

Bailiffs, «tc. of Boroughs, &c. may search for and seize and sell bad Malt.

V.

Proviso for Malt made for private

Uses

I imitation of Prosecution,

One Year j

Continuance of AS.

Highnes Subjects within this Realme, and also to the greate losse and decaye of the c5men welthe of the same, but also an utter ympoverishment of the Brewers of this saide Realme; for that the saide Brewers over and besidf the unholsomenes of the drincke whiche ( ') comonlye made thereof, cannot make soe myche drincke of fyftie quarters of Make beinge so evell dried and made as they myght and can make of sortie quarters beinge well and trulye made : And allso for asmuche as div*se and sundrie psons myndinge and sekinge their owne private and excessyve gayne and pfytt, forgettinge therby their dutye and thordre of Charitie towards the coen wealth and their neighbours in this behalfe, doe comenlye use to putt and myxte good Make and evell Malte together and after put the same Malte to sale as good Malte, wherbye many of the Kinges Subjects have bene and are lyke to be verie often deceyved to their great losses & hindraunce, contrarie to the honest semelye and godlye buyinge sellinge and comutacftn that shoulde and oughte to be emongf Xpian people, speciallye in things conceminge the sustentac&n & susten*nce of Mans bodye: For remedye whereof yt maye please the Kings Majestie withe thadvise of his Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent parliament assembled, that yt maye be established & enacted by auctoride of the same, that noe suche pson or psons at any tyme from and after the fyrste day of Marche next comynge, shall make anye Barly Malte, the monethes of June Julye and Auguste onelye excepte, but that the same shall have in makinge thereof, that ys to saye, in the fate flower stepinge and suffyeient dryenge of the same Malte, thre wekes at the leste: And that noe suche pson or psons at any tyme within the saide monethes of June Julye and Auguste shall make any Barlye Malte, excepte the same have in the fatt flower stepinge and sufficient drienge, the tyme and space of seventene dayes at the leste ; under and without whiche tyme and tymes the saide Malte cannot be well and pfitleye made nor holsome for mans bodye ; upon payne to forfeyte and loose for everie quarter of Malte whiche shalbe made by anye pson or psons contrarie to the tenor purporte and true meanynge of this Acte twoe shillingf.

And be it further enacted by auctoride aforesaide, that noe pson or psons after the firste of Marche next comynge shall myngle or putt together any Malte not beinge well and sufficiently made, or beinge made of mowburnte or spired Barley withe other good Malte, and after put the same soe myngled to sale, upon payne to forfeyt and lose for everie quarter soe myngled & put to sale ij s.

And be it also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye pson or psons after the laste daye of Januarye next comynge shall putto sale any Malte which be not sufficiently and well trodden rubbed and well fanned, wherebye there maye be conveniently fanned out of one quarter thereof halfe a pecke of duste or more, that then the pson soe puttinge the same to sale shall forfeyt and lose for everie quarter soe put to sale twentie pence : The moytie of all whiche forfeytures to be to tht Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde and thother moytie thereof to the partie that will sue for the same by acc&n of debte bill playnte or informacon in anye of the Kings courts, wherein noe ptecc&n wager of lawe nor essoync nor injunction shalbe allowed or admytted.

And be it further enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that the Justicf of Peace in everie of their Sessions, and also the Stewarde in everie Leete, shall have full power and auctoride by vertue of this Acte to enquyre here and determyne aswell by psentment of twelve men as by accusac&n or informacon of two honest Witnesses, of for and upon all and ev'ye the offencf and forfeytures aforesaide, aswell for the Kinge as for the parrie that shall sue peure or cause the same to be Rented as ys aforesaide; And that the Baylifff and Constables of ev’ye Boroughe or Markett Towne or other Towne where anye suche Malte shalbe made or put to sale, shall have full power and auctoride from tyme to tyme to viewe serche and survey all suche Malte as shalbe made or put to sale within any of the saide Townes; And yf anye of them shall theruppon fynde any Malte so put to sale beinge evell made, or myngled with evell Malte contrarie to the tenor or true meaninge of this p*sent Acte, that then the sayde Baylye or Constable soe fyndinge any suche Malte evill made or myngled as ys aforesaide, withe thadvise of one Justice of the Peace within the same Shire, shall cause the same to be solde to suche pson or psons and at suche resonable price or prices and under the edmen price of the markett, as to his discrec&n shall seme necessarie and expedient.

Provided alwaye and be it also enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned shall extende to the makinge of Malte for any mans owne pvysion for his owne house or famylie; neither to chardge or be p>judiciall to any pson or psons for or conceminge anye of the offences or forfeytures aforesaide, excepte he or they soe offendinge shall happen to be sued p>sented and accused for the same in manner and fourme aforesaide within one yere next after anye suche Offence or Offences to be done or comytted ; any thing in this p’sente Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge. This p>sente Acte to' contynue undll the ende of the nexte parliament.

1 is 0.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 11.

53

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the true Tannyngc of Leather.

WHEARE before tyme divers good estatutes have bene made for the true fannynge of Leather, wherein Drceieful Practice* consisteth a greate comon wealth and comoditie to all men, for that everie sorte of people of necessitie must oTlIithnto^"ng use and have Lether for divers and sondrie purposes; for lacke of true tannynge whereof evy man y» not onlye putt

to great losse and charges, but also by the naughtynes thereof dothe take div’se and sondrie diseases to the shortenynge of thire lyves; And yet notwithstandinge the saide good estarutf in that case pvyded yt is manyfeste to all psons that ther was never worse Lether used or made within this Realme then hathe latelye bene and nowe ys used and made within the same, the chief cause whereof cometh by reason of the evill and deceiptfull tannynge of the same Lether, for albcyt the currier and also the Shomaker or other Artificer doe his or their diligence never so well yet nothinge made therwith can be good pfecte or pfytable as yt ought or shoulde be, the Lether not beinge well and sufficientlye tanned, thocca&m of the naughtie tannynge wherof groweth moche by the gredynes of the gayne of the Tanner, for that they covet to sett for the the same to sale withe more spede and shorter tyme that it can be well & pfytlye tanned and have his due tyme requisite and necessarie for the true tannynge of the same ; For whereas in tymes past the Hydes or Lether were wonte to lye in the tanne fattf by the space of one yere or fyve quarters of the yere, before it was taken out of the same fattf or put to sale, nowe for the spedye utterance and tannynge heros they have invented div’se and sondrie deceiptfull and craftie meanes to have the same Lether tanned, some tyme in thre wekes and sometyme in one monethe or sixe wekes at the moste, as by crafte of over lymynge therof in their lyme pittf, or otherwise by layinge thereof in their fattf sett in their olde tanne hills, where it shall be tanned withe the hotte ozys takinge unkynde heat in the same hill, and sometyme by puttinge of sethinge whotte lycre with their ozes into their tanne fattf where the same Hydes or Lether lye, whiche they most comonlye doe practyse in the night tyme, and by diPse and manye other suche craftye and subtyll meanes, wherby they make the Lether to seeme, to them that have not the knowledge or skill thereof, to be aswell and sufficiently tanned within the space of thre weeks or a monethe or sixe weeks at the most as yf it had beene in the fattf untill it had had the full tyme requysite for the true tannynge of the same, whiche shoulde have bene at the leaste by the space of thre quarters of a yere: For remedy whereof, and to thintente that Lether maye hereafter be sufficiendye and trulye tanned and have his full kynde and pfeccon as ys requisyte for the same, Be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes and Comons in this p>sent parliament All exiting Act* assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all Acts heretofore made conceminge the true tannynge of Lether ^'*nning

not beinge yet repealed, shall stande in their full strengthe and force and be putt in due execution.

And furthermore that noe psone or psones occupyinge or that hereafter shall occupye the mysterie or crafte of a Tanner, shall after the fyrste daye of Maye next comynge put any tanned Lether to sale. Calves Skynnes onely exceptc, tanned or myxed withe Asshen barke tapworthe meale asshes or culver donge; And that the same Lether soe put to sale hath lyen in the tanne ozes well and sufficientlye wroughte and chaunged by the space of thre quarters of one yere at the least; uppon payne that everie suche pson or psons puttynge any tanned Lether to sale tanned contrarie to (1) fourme of this estatute, shall forfeyt the same Lether soe putt to sale, and ferder for everie Hyde thereof sixe shillingf eighte pence. And that yt shalbe lauful to ePye pson and psons to sease the same Lether so put to sale contraryc to this Acte as forfeyte, and that he that shall soe sease the same Lether shall have thone halfe of the same Lether soe seased and the Kinge thother halfe, and that he that will sue for the same forfeyture of sixe shillingf eighte pence for ev’ye of the same Hydes so forfeyt as for the sayde Lether so forfeyted as ys aforesaide, by waye of Informacon bill playnte of accon of debte in any of the Kings courts of recorde, wherin noe Wager of Lawe essoyne or pteccon shalbe allowed, shall have thone halfe and the Kinge thother halfe.

ii.

Tannen shall not •ell any Leather, except Calves Skins tanned with Ashen Bark, Sec. or not having Iain in the Tan-ooxe for Nine Month*

Penalty, Forfeiture, Sec.

6s. 8d. per Hide.

Recovery and Applicition of Forfeiture, tec.

And be it further enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that after and from the fyrste daye of Maye nexte comynge* Tanner* shall not noe pson or psones shall over lyme or overbume withe lyme any Hydes in their lyme pyttf, nor shall sett any their overlime Hide*, or

fattf in Tanhillf or other placf where the ozis or lether that shalbe put to tanne in the same shall or make take any *e«t

unkynde heats, or shall putt any hott lycor or hot ozis into their fattf wherin anye Hydes or Lether shalbe putt to tannynge, or shall practise any other deceiptfull wayes or meanes for the over spedye tannynge of any Hides or

Lether, or wherbye any Hydes or Lether shalbe bumte scalded or marrid in the tannyngc therof, upon the paynes and penaltyes aforesaide.

And that it shall be lawfull to and for the Jusuces of the Peace for the tyme beinge, and to ePye pson and psons Ju,tic,ofPrac* havinge auctoride by the lawes and estatutes of this Realme to serche viewe and marke tanned Lether, to enter at all of

reasonable tyme and tymes into the tanne houses of anye pson and psons usinge and exercisinge the mysterie or crafte ,*J£h T*n*Pits, of tannynge of Lether, and to serche the tanne fattf that stande or be in their tanne houses or other placf ; And yf anye suche Justice or Searchor shall fynde or pceyve Hydes or Lether put in any suche fatt or fattf sett in their tanne hills otherwise deceiptfully tanned or overlymed or burnte withe lyme or tanned contrarie to the estatute, that then it shalbe laufull to ev’ye suche Jusdce and Searcher or Searchers so finding the same, to sease the same Hydes and Lether and to take thone moyde thereof to the use of our saide SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge, and thother moytie thereof to his owne use.

And in case that he cannot sease and have the same by waye of Seasure, that then the same Jusdce and Searcher or any of them may sue for the same or the value thereof in any of the Kinges courts of Recorde, by Informacbn bill playnte or accon of debte or detynue, wherin no Essoyne wager of lawe or pteccon shalbe allowed : And the Kinge to have thone halfe of all the saide forfeytures and the parde that soe suyeth, the other halfe.

1 the 0.

P

D

54

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 11, 12.

A.D. 1548.

v.

HiJcs of Stercs and Cows shall be cold whole, and not in Clowts, \c. Penalty, Forfeiture, and 6 s. 8 d. per Hide.

VI.

Sheep Skins shall not be tanned; Penalty 6 s. 8 d.

Continuance of Ad.

VII.

Proviso for Franchises of Fairs, &c.

Continuance of Ad.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe pson or psones occupyingc or that shall hereafter occupie or excise the crafte or mysterie of Tanners, shall cut any hyde or hides of Stere or Cowe for Clcwte lether, or to make anye Clowte lether thereof, but that they and everie of them shall sell and utter all and everie their hides of Cowe and Stere hole and uncutt, upon payne and forfeyture of the losse of the same hydes so cutt, and six shillinges and eight pence for everie hyde so cutt; And that ePye pson and psons that will seise the same lether or sue for the same forfeyture, as ys before lymytted for the penaltyes aforesaide, shall have thone halfe thereof, and the Kinge the other halfe.

And be it enacted by the saide auctoritie, that noe pson or psons shall after the saide firste daye of Maye, tanne any manner of fellf or Shepe skynnes, or put to sale upon payne of forfeyture of the same skynnes, and six shilling? eight pence for everie Shepe skynne soe tanned or solde, thone halfe thereof to be to the Kinge and thother halfe thereof to be to him that will sease or sue for the same by anye of the wayes or meanes aforesaide ; this Acte to endure to the ende of the nexte Parliament.

(') Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that this p)sent Acte or any thinge therin conteyned, shall not in anye wise extende to be p>judiciall or hurtefull to any lorde or lordes psone or psones bodyes polityke and corporate or anye of them, their heires or successors or theires or successors of anye of them, touchinge any fayre or markett scale serche libertye fraunchise priviledge pfytte comoditie forfeyture fynes or emolument, whiche they or anye of them have or ought to have, by any laufull interest or tytle before the comencement and begynninge of this p*sent Parliament; but that they and ePye of them maye and shall have enjoye pceyve take and kepe all and singuler their fayres markett? seale serches liberties fraunchesies pfittes comodities forfeytures and fynes, risinge comynge and growingc by reason of this Acte, any clause article or sentence in this p*sent Acte or Statute to the contrarie in anywise notwithstandinge; this Acte to endure unto the ende of the nexte Parliament.

Demises, by certain Stewards of tbc Duke of Somerset, of certain of his Demean Lands by Copy of Court Hull, under like Tenures and Services as the Customary or Copyhold Lands of the Manor are holden

Such Demises invalid, by reason that such Demean Lands were not old Customary or Copyhold Lands, nor demisable by the Custom of the Manor

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the assuraunce to the Ten"ntes of Grauntf and Leases made of the Duke of Son)sett? demene Londf.

WHEREAS the righte excellent Prince Edwarde Duke of Son)sett, hathc heretofore ordeyned constituted and made diPse psones to be Stewards and Surveyors of diPse and sondric his honnors mannors land? tchtes and hereditament? by his sufficient writinge or writings in the lawe signed and sealed by the saide Duke, and hereafter maye at his will and pleasure ordeyne constitute and make diPse and sondrie Steward? and Surveyors of any his Honnors Mannors landes teiit? or hereditament?, whiche the saide Steward? and Surveyors heretofore so constituted and made, or suche and as manye of them as by any suche writinge of the saide Duke were appoynted or auctorized to make leases or graunt? of anye the landes teiites or hereditament? of the saide Duke, have accordinge to the tenor and effecte of their saide Comyssion and Writing? graunted and made, for and in the behalfe of the saide Duke, manye demyses leases and graunt? for terine of lief or lives, of diPse parcellf of the Honnors mannors meases landes tent? or other hereditament? beinge parcell of the possessions of the saide Duke, whiche be or have byne comonlye called or knowen by the name of deameane landes barton landes over land? or borde landes, or by any other name or names, by copye of Courte Rolle of the Honnor or Mannor wherein or nere unto whiche Honnor or Mannor the same land? tent? or hereditament? soe graunted or letten are or be, for and duringe suche and those estates and termes for lyfe or lyves as byne rehersed lymyted and appointed by and in the coppyes of Courte Rolle to them sePallye thereof had and made, and accordinge unto the customs of the Honnors or Mannors wherin or nere unto whiche the saide land? tern? or heredytament? so letten or graunted are or be, in like manner fourme and condition and withe like and the same customes usages and lifetyes benefytt? comodities and privileg? as the auncient and custumarie teniites and coppiholders of the olde custumarie and coppiholde landes of the saide Honnor [and1] Mannor, where suche demeane land? or barton landes or other the saide land? are lyinge or beinge, or whereof anye of the sayde meases landes tent? or other heredytament? be or have bene accompted letten or reputed for or as parte or parcell, have used doe or oughte to doe, by the customes and usag? of the saide Honor or Mannor; Whereas of truethe noe custome or usage can or maye by the lawes of this Realme be annexed or knytt to any meases landes tent? or hereditament? letten or to be letten by coppye of Courte Rolle to anye pson or psons, albeyt those Wordes sedm consuetudinem manlij be rehersed and exposed in the saide Courte Rolle or coppie thereof had or made, excepte that the same meases landes tent? or other hereditament? so letten, be olde Customarie or Coppiholde Landes, and have byne used by all the tyme whereof memorye of man ys not to the contrarie, to be letten or demysed by coppye of Courte Rolle, or other wise at the will of the Lorde accordinge unto the Custome of the saide Honnor or Mannor ; And for that cause, suche and those leases demyses and graunt? made or to be made for terme of lyfe or lyves by coppye of Courte Rolle of demeane or barton landes or other the saide landes, and not beinge olde Customarie or Coppieholde Landes, nor havinge any lyverey or season of the same, byne by the lawes of this Realme of noe better force, then leases made or to be made onlye for and duringe the will and pleasure of the leassors and grauntors thereof, at and by the comon lawe; By reason whereof diPse of thosepsons to whom anye suche leases or graunt? by copie of Courte Rolle be or have bene had & made, or hereafter shalbe had or made, of or in any suche meases landes tehtes or other hereditament? may be hereafter, by some of the heires or assignes of the saide Duke, or by any other whiche shall or maye have anye estate therin by or from some of them or under the tytle of some of them, expulsed and put out of the saide meases landes teiit? and heredytament? comenlye called demeane or barton landes or other the

' The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* or O.

y*ai548

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 12, 13.

55

saide landes so taken or to be taken as ys aforesaide; contrarie to equytic and conscyence, and contrarie to the true meanynge of the saide Duke, and to the great ympoverishement of those psons that soc have taken or shall take any of the same by copye of Courte Rolle: For Remedye whereof and for the reliefs ayde and better suertye of suche psons as have taken or had or hereafter shall take or have any leases or grauntf by copie of Courte Rolle accordinge to the custome of any Honnor or Mannor whiche ys hathe byne or shalbc parcell of the possessions of the saide Duke, the saide Duke of his charitable mynde and accustomed goodnes, humblye beseechethe the Kings niostc excellente Majestic, the Lordes and Coinons in this psent Parliament assembled, that yt maye be ordeyned and enacted by auctorytie of Parliament in manner and fourme followinge, that ys to saye; That all leases and grauntf had made or graunted or hereafter to be hade made or graunted by copye of Courte Rooll for terme of lyfe or lyvcs not excedinge three lyves at the moste, of any mease or meases landes tefites possessions rev’eons or other hereditament^ called demeane lands or barton landes or by any other name or names, parcell of the possessions of the saide Duke, & graunted or made by suche and as manye of those psones whiche at any tyme or tymes heretofore have byne auctorized by any writingc signed and sealed by the saide Duke to make anye demyses or leases or grauntf of anye his meases landes tents possessions or heredytamentf, and allso all other leases and grauntf hereafter to be made had or graunted by anye pson or psons, whiche shalbe at any tyme hereafter by the sufficient writinge in lawe of the saide Duke, ordeyned constituted or made Stuarde or Surveyor of any the Mannors measses landes tentes possessions or heredytamentf of the saide Duke, by copie of Courte Rolle of any the saide meases landes tents reveons possessions or hereditaincntf for terme of lyfe or lyves not excedinge thre lyves, whiche lease and graunte or the true copie thereof shalbe within one yere next after the makinge of any suche lease or graunte by copie of Courte Rolle entred and written in a Booke or Rolle, and whiche Booke or Rolle after the entrey thereof shalbe signed and subscribed withe the hande of the saide Duke or of his licires, shalbe of suche like and the same force strenghe and effecte in the lawe, to all intentf constructions and purposes to suche and those psons to whom the same shalbe so letten or graunted by name expssed in the saide lease or graunte, accordinge unto thestatf and terrnes mencyoned in the leases & grauntf thereof, as yf the meases landes tents rePcons possessions and heredytamentf whereof suche lease demyse or graunte ys or shalbc made by copye of Courte Rooll, were made of the olde auncyent customarye or coppiholde landes of the Honnor or Mannor mencyoned in suche lease graunte or coppie of Courte Roll, whiche have byne demysed or demissible by copye of Courte Roll of the saide Honnor or Mannor or otherwise accordinge to the custome of the saide Honnor or Mannor by all the tyme whereof memorye of man ys not to the contrarie : And that the leassees grauntees and ten’ntes thereof, shall yelde doe and paye and be bounde to paye yelde and doe to the saide Duke his heires and assignes and to other the Lorde or Lordes of the saide Honnor or Mannor for the tyme beinge, like and as muche rents for the same as at any tyme heretofore have bene yelden and payed, and all other dutyes 9vices and customes and upon like paynes forfeytures and penaltyes, and shall have and enjoye all suche lyke laufull customs libertyes usages and advantagf knytt to the same measses landes tents and heredytamentf so by them or anye of them taken or to be taken, duringc their sev'all estatf and interests of and in the same by force of the saide coppies or customes, as the auncyent and olde customarye and coppie holde [tents 1 ] of the saide Hotmor or Mannor, where the saide coppieholdes or customarie [tents ‘J be have byne or shalbc taken or had, have laufully used or ought laufullye by the custome of the saide Honnor or Mannor to yelde doe paye or have; anye lawe usage or custome to the contrarie hereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Savinge to everie pson and psons bodyes polityke and corporate their heires and successors and theires and successors of everie of them, other then the saide Duke and his heires, and everie pson and psons bodyes polityke and corporate and theires and successors of everie or anye of them, whiche shall have anye estate possession or interest in or to anye of the pWsses by the saide Duke or by any of his heires or under the tytle of the saide Duke, all suche right title use inVest comodite and pfytt of in and to all and ePye the saide Honnors mannors landes tents heredytamentf and other the pVnisses and to everie parte and parcell thereof, as they or anye of them had or ought to have had before the makinge of this Acte, and as thoughe this Acte had never bene had ne made; any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the true payment of Tithes.

WHEARE in the Parliament holden at Westiii the fourth daye of Februarye in the xxvij"1 yere of the raigne of the late Kinge of most famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight, there was one Acte made concerninge payment of Tythes pdiall and psonall; And allso in an other Parliament holden at Westiii the xxiiij"' daye of Julie in the two and thirtieth yere of the raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrie theight, an other Acte was made concerninge true payment of tythes and offeringf; in whiche sev’all Acts manye and div’se thinges be omytted and leste out, whiche were convenient and verie necessarie to be added to the same: In consider aeon whereof anti to thintent the sayde Tythes maye be hereafter trulye payde according to the mynde of the makers of the saide Actes, Be it ordeyned and enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the lordes spuall and temporall and the Cdmons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that not onlye the saide Acts made in the saide xxvij"1 and xxxij"' yeres of the raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrye theight, concerninge true payment of Tithes, and everie article

' Tenements 0. tenants Printed Copies.

- icncmcutf O. Sc Printed Copies.

All such Demises

declared valid, as if the said Lands had been old Copyhold Land so demisable;

Extended to future Demises.

Copies of such Demises shall be entered on the Rolls, fcc. and signed by the Duke or his Heirs.

II.

General Saving of Title of Strangers.

Recital of Stats. a7 H. VIII. c. 20.

31 H.VIII. c.y. respecting Tithes 1

requiring Amendment

Recited Acts confirmed.

D

I

56

2? & 3° Edw.VI. c. 13.

A.D. 1548.

and braunche therin conteyned, shall abyde and stande in their full strenghe and vertue j But also be it further enacted by thauctoritie of this p*sent Parliament, that ev'ye of the Kinges subjects shall from henceforth trulye and justlye without fraude or gyle devide sett out yelde and paye all manner of their pdiall tythes in their pper kynde as they rise and happen, in suche manner and forme as bene of right yelded and payde, within fowertye yeres next before the makinge of this Acte, as of righte or custome ought to have bene payde; and that noe pson shall from henceforthe take or carrye awaye any suche or lyke tythes, wcl' have bene yelded or payde within the saide fourty yeres, or of right oughte to have bene payde in the place or placf tytheable of the same, before he hathe justly devided or sett for the for the tythe thereof the tenth parte of the same, or otherwise agreed for the same Tythes withe the Pson Vicar or other owner pprietorie or fermor of the same tythes, under the payne of forfeyture of treble value of the Tythes so taken or caryed awaye.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That at (') tymes whensoever and as often as the saide pdy all Tythes shalbe due, and at the tythinge tyme of the same, yt to be laufull to everie partye to whome any of the saide Tythes ought to be payde or his deputye or servaunte, to viewe and see their sayde Tythes to be justly and trulye sett for the and severed from the nyne parts, and the same quietlye to take and carrye awaye ; And yf any pson carrye awaye his come or haye or his other pMiall tythes before the tythe thereof be sett for the, or willinglye withdrawe his tythes of the same or of suche other things whereof pdiall tythes ought to be payde, or doe stoppe or lett the Parsonue Vicar pprietorie owner or other their deputyes br fermors, to viewe take and carrye awaye their tythes as ys abovesaide, by reason whereof the saide tythe or tenthe is lost impayred or hurte, that then upon due proofe thereof made before the spuall Judge or any other Judge to whome heretofore he myght have made complaynte, the partye so carrienge awaye withdrawinge lettinge or stoppinge, shall paye the doble value of the tenthe or tythe soe taken loste withedrawen or carried awaye, over and besydes the costs charges and expences of the suyte in the same; the same to be recovered before the Ecctiasticall Judge accordinge to the Kinges ecdiasticall lawes.

Owner of Cattle, And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everie pson whiche hathe or shall have any beastf iTutnkno'wnVa,tCS or ot^er catte" tytheable, goinge feadinge or depasturbge in any waste or comon grounde wherof the Parishe ys not

Parishes, shall pay certenly knowen, shall paye their tythes for thincrease of the saide cattell so gobge in the saide waste or comon, to the

pson vicar pprietorie porcyonarie owner or other their fermors or deputyes of the Parishe Hamlett Towne or other place where the owner of the saide cattell inhabiteth or dwellethe.

Predial Tithes shall be set out and paid according to the Custom of Forty Years preceding.

Penalty on Neglect to set out such Tithes, Treble Value.

II.

Parson, See. shall be allowed to view and take such Tithes.

Penalty on carrying Corn, See. before Tithe set forth, or withdrawing Tithe, &c. Double Value, recoverable, with Costs, in Spiritual Courts.

Tithe where he dwells.

V.

Barren Land improved shall not pay Tithe for Seven Years.

Proviso^for Lands Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That noe pson shalbe sued or otherwise compelled to exempt from Tithes, yelde give or paye any manner of Tithes, for any Mannors Iandes teiites or heredytamentf wch by the lawes and statutes Com'fwsftion^rrtd. °f l^'s Realnie, or by anye privyledge or p'scripebn, are not chargeable withe the payment of any suche Tithes, or that be discharged by any composition reall.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all suche barren heathe and waste grounde, other then suche as be discharged for the payment of Tythes by Acte of Parliament, whiche before this tyme have layen barren and payde noe Tythes by reason of the same barrennes, and nowe be or hereafter shalbe emproved and converted into errable grounde or medowe shall from henceforthe after the ende and terme of seven yeres next after suche emprovement fullye ended and determyned, paye tythe for the come and haye growinge upon the same; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

An Tithef rm 1 Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye suche barren waste or heath grounde paid for such barren hathe before this tyme byne charged withe the payment of any Tithes, and the same be hereafter emproved and for^he^venYears6 converte^ >nto errable grounde or medowe, that then the owner or owners thereof shall duringe seven yeres nexte followinge from and after the same emprovement, paye suche kynde of tithe as was payde for the same before the saide ymprovementf; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

VII. Personal Tithes shall be paid by-Merchants, See. as within Forty Years preceding.

And be yt also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that everie pson excisinge nichandizes fegayninge and sellinge Clothinge handycrafte or other arte or facultye, beinge suche kynde of pson and in suche places as heretofore within this fourtye yeres have accustomablye used to paye suche psonall Tithes, or of righte ought to paye, other then suche as bene c5mon daye laborers, shall yerely at or before the feaste of Easter, paye for his psonall tithes the tenthe parte of his dere gaynes, his charges and expenses accordinge to his estate condic&n or degree to be therein abated allowed and deducted.

VIII. And also by Handycraftmen.

IX.

Ordinary may examine Cases of Refusal to pay Personal Tithes j except by the " y’s Oath.

Party’s i

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted, that in all suche placf where handycrafte men have used to paye their tythes within theis fourtie yeres, the same custome or payment of Tithes to be observed and to contynue ; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That if any pson refuse to paye his psonall tythes in forme aforesaide, that then it shalbe laufull to the Ordinarie of the same Dioces where the partie that soe oughte to paye the sayde tythes ys dwellinge, to call the same partie before him and by his discrecon to examyne him by all laufull and reasonable meanes, other then by the parties owne corporall othe, concerninge the true payment of the saide psonall tithes.

1 all 0.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 13.

57

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctorytie aforesaide, that all and ev’ye pson and psons whiche by the lawes or customes of this Realme ought to make or paye their offeringf, shall yerely from henceforthe well and trulye content and paye his or their offeringf to the pson vicar pprietorie or their deputyes or fermors of the parishe or parishes where yt shall fortune or happen [ hem ' ] or them to dwell or abyde; and that at suche sower offeringe dayes as at any tyme heretofore within the space of sower yeres laste past hathe byne used and accustomed for the payment of the tame; and in defaulte thereof to paye for their saide offeringf at Easter then nexte followinge.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende to anye parishe whiche standes uppon and towardes the Sea costs, the comodities and occupyinge whereof consisteth chieflye in fysshinge, and have by reason thereof used to satisfie their tithes by fyshe; but that all and everie suche parishe and parishes shall hereafter paye their tythes accordinge to the laudable customes as they have heretofore of auncyent tyme within theis fourtie yeres used and accustomed, and shall paye their offeringf as is aforesaide.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende in any wise to the Inhabitauntf of the Cittie of London & Canterburie and the Suburbes of the same, ne to anye other Towne or Place that hathe used to paye their tithes by their houses, otherwise then they oughte or shoulde have done before the makinge of this Acte; any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie in anywise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that yf anye pson doe subtracte or withdrawe any manner of tithes obvenc&ns pfyttf comodoties or other dutyes before mencioned or any parte of them, contrarie to the true meaninge of this Acte or of any other Acte heretofore made, that then the partie so subtractinge or withdrawinge the same, raaye or shalbe convented and sued in the Kings ecctiasticall Corte by the partie from whom the same shalbe substracted or withdrawal, to thintent the Kinges Judge ecctiasticall shall and maye then and there heare and determyne the same accordinge to the Kings ecctiasticall lawes: And that yt shall not be laufull unto the parsone vicar pprietorie owner or other their fermors or deputyes, contrarie to this Acte to convent or sue suche witholder of tithes obvencons or other duetyes aforesaide before any other Judge then ecctiasticall: And yf anye Archebisshopp Bisshoppe Chauncelor or other Judge ecctiasticall gyve anye sentence in the foresaide causes of Tithes obvencbns pfittf emolumentf and other dutyes aforesaide or in anye of them, and noe appeale ne phibic&n hanginge the partie condempned doe not obey the saide sentence, that then it shalbe lefull to epye suche Judge ecctiasticall to excomunycate the saide partie so as afore condempned and dysobeyinge, in the which sentence of excoicac&n, yf the sayde partie excoicate willfullye stande and endure still excoicate by the space of fourtie dayes nexte after, upon denunciation and publication thereof in the parishe Churche of the place or parishe where the partie soe excoicate is dwellinge or most abydinge, the saide Judge ecctiasticall maye then at his pleasure signifye to the Kinge into his Corte of Chauncerie of the estate and condition of the saide partie so excoicate, and thereuppon to require pcesse De excoicato capiend to be awarded agaynste everie suche pson as hathe bene so excoicate.

Be it further enacted by the auctoritie aforesaid, that yf anye partie at any tyme hereafter, for any matter or cause before rehersed lymited or appoynted by this Acte to be sued or determyned in the Kings ecctiasticall Corte, or before the ecctiasticall Judge, doe sue for anye Phibic&n in anye of the Kings Courts where £%ibicons before this tyme have bene used to be graunted ; that then in everie suche case the same ptie, before any phibicon shalbe graunted to him or them, shall bringe and deliver to the hands of some of the Justices or Judgf of the same Courte where suche partie demaundeth the 9hibic&n, the verie true copie of the libell dependinge in the ecctiasticall Courte, concerninge the matter whereof the partie demaundethe the Thibitim subscribed or marked withe the hande of the same partie, and under the Copie of the saide lybell shalbe written the Suggestyon wherefore the partie soe demaundeth the saide Phibic&n ; and in case the saide Suggestion by two honest and suffyeient Witnesses at the least be not pved true in the Corte where the saide fhibic&n shalbe soe graunted, within sixe monethes nexte followinge after the saide Phibicon shalbe soe graunted and awarded, that then the partie that ys letted and hindred of his or theire suyte in the ecctiasticall Corte by suche Phibic&n, shall upon his or their request and suyte without delaye have a Consultation graunted in the same case, in the Corte where the saide Phibic&n was graunted, and shall also recover doble costs and damages againste the partie that so pursued the saide Phibicftn, the saide costes and damages to be assigned or assessed by the Corte where the saide Consultac&n shalbe so graunted ; for whiche costs and damagf the partie to whome they shalbe awarded, may have an accyon of debte by bill playnte or information in any of the Kinges Courtes of Recorde, wherin the defendaunte shall not wage his or their lawe, nor have any essoyne or pteccon allowed or admytted.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende to give anye Minister or Judge ecctiasticall anye jurisdic&n to holde plee of anye matter cause or thinge, being contrarie or repugnaunte to or againste the effecie intent or meanynge of the Statute of Westfh seconde, the fyfte chapter; the Estatutf of Articuli cleri; Circumspecte agatis; Silva sedua; the Treatise de regia phibic&e; ne againste the statute of Anno primo Edwardi ?cii the tenthe Chapiter or any of them; ne yet to holde plee in any matter whereof the Kinges corte of righte oughte to have jurisdic&n ; Any thinge herein conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

(*) Provided nevertheles, Where heretofore suche a Custome hathe bene in many parts of Wales, that of suche Cattail and other goodes as hathe bene given with the manage of any pson, there Tithes have bene exacted and levied by the Psons and Curatf in those parts; whiche Custome being dissonant from anye other parte of this Realme as it semed when the saide Countrey of Wales was throughe civile dissencon unculted for wante of other sufficient pfyttf that myght

X.

Offering* shall be paid yearly at Easter, ire. where the Party dwell*.

XI.

Town* on the Sea Coatt shall pay Tithe* by Fi»h a* heretofore.

XII. Provi*o for cuitomary Payment of Tithe* by Hou*e* in London, tcc.

XIII.

Suit* for Subtraaion of Tithe* shall be in Spiritual Court* only.

E ^communication condemned;

and Signihcavit thereon into Chancery after Forty Day* Contumacy.

XIV.

On <uing for Prohibition against Suit* under thiaAa, a Copy of the Libel shall be delivered to the Judge* of the Temporal Court*, with the Suggettion for «uing the *ame

If Suggestion be not proved within Six Months, a Consultation shall be granted, with Double Costs.

XV. Spiritual Judges shall not hold Plea contrary to Stats. 13 Ed. I. *t, 1. c. e. 9 Ed. II. ,t. 1. c 1, 2, 5.

Circ. Agatis 13E.I. Sylva csedua 4J E.III. c.3. ire. I Ed. III. c. io.

XVI.

Tithe* of Marriage Good* in Wales abolished.

1 hym 0.

■ This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

58

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 13—15.

A.D. 1548.

otherwise growe to the Curates and Ministers there to have bene for that tyme tollerable, so nowe the Countrey beinge well manured and husbanded and that Tythe ys dulye payde there of Come Hey Wooll and Chese, and of other encrease of all manner of Cattail as it ys coenlye in all other parts of this Realme, the same Custome semes to be grevous and unreasonable, spiallye where the Benefices are els sufficient for the fyndinge of the saide Ministers and Curatf ; That yt be therefore enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that from and after the firste daye of Maie next comynge, noe suche tithes of mariage goodes be exacted or required of any pson within the said domynion of Wales or Marches of the same; anye thinge in this Acte conteyned, or any other Acte custome or pscripcon had or made to the contrarie hereof, notwithstandinge.

Recital of Stat.

33 Hen. VIII. c. 6. as to shooting with Hand Guns, See.

Abuses by shooting of Hail Shot

None but Lords shall shoot at Dovecotes, See. in Towns, See. None shall shoot Hailshot }

Penalty j£io. and Imprisonment.

II.

Not to extend to qualified Persons; except as to Hailshot.

Persons qualified to shoot shall be presented to Mayors, Justices, &c. and registered by the Clerk of the Peace: Penalty on unregistered Persons shooting, 2os. per Shot.

Conspiracies by Dealers in Provisions, and by Artificers:

Penalties on Butchers, Bakers, he. conspiring to sell Victuals only at certain Prices and on Artificers conspiring as to

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte againste the shootinge of Hayle shott.

WHEREAS an Acte was made in the [xxiij,h'] yere of the late Kinge of famous memorie Henrie the Eighte for some libertye to shoote in Handegonnes hakes and hacquebuytf, by whiche Acte nevertheles it was pvided that noe psone shoulde shote in anye of the abovesaide peecf but at a banke of earthe, and not to any deare or fowle, unlesse the partie might dispende one hundreth poundes by the yere: Forasmuche as the saide Acte havinge byne devised as it was then thought for necessarie excise tending to the defence of the Realme, ys growen sythen to the maynten*nce of muche ydlenes and to suche a libertye as not onelye dwellinge houses dovecotf and Churches are daylye damaged by the abuse thereof by men of light conversation, but that also there ys growen a customable manner of shotinge of hayleshott, wherby an infynite sorte of fowle ys killed and muche Game therby destroyed to the benefytt of no man, wherby also the meaninge of the saide Statute ys defrauded, for that the saide use of hayleshott utterly destroyeth the [the ’3 certentye of shotinge, whiche in Warres is much requisite ; Be it therfore enacted, that noe pson under the degree of a Lorde of the Parliament shall from hensforthe shote in anye handegonne within anye Cittie or Towne at any fowle or other marke, upon any Churche house or dovecote; neither that any pson shall shote in anye place any hayleshott or any moe Pellottf then one at one tyme, upon payne to forfayte for everie tyme that he or they shall soe offende cont*rye to this Acte, tenne poundes and emprisonement of his bodye duringe thre monethes.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide that this Acte nor anye thinge therein conteyned shall extende or be pjudicyall to any pson or psons auctorized by value of lande to shote in any handegonne or crosbowe, but that they maye so doe in suche fourme and order as they sholde do and myght have done before the makinge of this Acte (hayleshott excepted as in deede that kynde of shott in the saide Acte was not ment); And that all and everie other pson or p6ons auctorized to shote, or otherwise yf he inhabite in any Towne corporate to be psented to the Maior or other officer of the same, and inhabitinge in the Countrie be psented within one moneth after the publishinge of this Acte to the next Justice of Peace adjoyninge; in whiche cases the saide Maior Justice or other officer so takinge their names as is aforesaide, shall againe psent and recorde the same before Justice of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions, to the intent the Clerke of the Peace of the Countye maye kepe a certeyne booke or rooll of the names of all suche psons, by the whiche the Kings Majestie maye from tyme to tyme be asserteyned howe manye mete and liable men excised in that feate be in e9ye Countye, that the same may be employed in his Gracf §vyce as nede and occacon shall requyre; upon payne that ePye pson offendinge in this Acte in psumynge to shote in any handegonne or halfe hake without the psentinge of his name as ys aforesaide, shall forfeytt for everie shott the some of twentye shillingf, thone moytie whereof to be to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, and the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same, by bill action playnte information or otherwise; the officer that shoulde take their names and psent the same as ys abovesaide, to incurre for the lacke of his dutye in this parte for everie tyme so offendinge lyke payne.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte towchinge Victuallers and Handycraftf men.

FORASMUCHE as of late dayes d$se sellers of vittayles, not contented withe moderate and reasonable gayne but myndinge to have and to take for their vittayles so muche as lyste them, have conspyred and coven'nted together to sell their vittells at unreasonable price ; and lykewise Artyficers handycraftf men and laborers have made confederacyes and pmyses and have sworne mutuall othes, not onlye that they shoulde not meddle one withe an others worke, and pforme and fynishe that an other hathe begone, but also to constitute and appoynt howe muche worke they shoulde doe in a daye and what howers and tymes they shall worke, contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, to the greate hurte and ympoverishement of the Kings Majesties Subjects : For Reformation thereof it is ordeyned and enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lords & Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That yf any Bochers Bruers Bakers Poulters Cooks Costerdmongers or Frewterers, shall at any tyme from and after the first daye of Marche next comynge, conspire coven*nte pmyse or make any othes that they shall not sell their vittelles

1 So in Original Act erroneously for ‘ xxxiij d.’ * An erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—0. omits.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 15, 16.

59

but at certen prices; or yf any Artificers Workemen or Laborers doe conspire coven'nte or pmvse together or make any othes that they shall not make or doe their workes but at a certeyne price and rate, or shall not enterprice or take upon them to fynishe that another hathe begonne, or shall doe but a certen worke in a daye, or shall not worke but at certen howers and tymes, that then everie pson so conspiring coven*ntinge swearinge or offendinge beinge laufullye convicte thereof by witnes confession or otherwise, shall forfeyt for the firste offence tenne pounds to the Kings Highnes, and yf he have sufficient to paye the same and doe also paye the same within sixe dayes next after his conviccftn, or ells shall suffer for the firste offence twentie dayes ymprisonment and shall onely have bread and water for his susten*nce; and for the seconde offence shall forfeyt twentie poundes to the Kinge, yf he have sufficient to paye the same, and doe pay the same within sixe dayes next after his convic&n, or ells shall suffer for the seconde offence punyshement of the pillorye; and for the third offence shall forfeyt fourtye pounde to the Kinge, yf he have sufficient to paye the same and also doe paye the same within sixe dayes next after his conviccon, or ells shall sytt on the pillorye and lose one of his eares, and also shall at all tymes after that be taken as a man infamous and his [sayinge' ] depositions or othe not to be credyted at anye tyme in any matters of judgement: And yf it fortune any suche conspiracye coven'nte or prnyse to be had and made by any socyetie brotherhed or companye, of any crafte mysterie or occupacSn of the ryttellers above mencbned, withe the p*sence or consent of the more parte of them, that then yinediatly upon suche acte of conspiracy coven'nte or pmyse had or made, over and besidf the pticuler punyshment before by this Acte appoynted for the offendor, their corporac6n shalbe dissolved to all intentf constructions and purposes.

And it is further ordeyned and enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that all and singuler Justicf of Assise Justicf of Peace Maiors Bayllies and Stewardf of Leetf at all and ev’ye their Sessions Leetf and Courts, shall have full power and auctoritie to enquyre heare and determyne all and singuler offencf cdmytted againste this Statute, and to punyshe or cause to be punyshed the offendor accordinge to the tenor of this Estatute.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thauctorite aforesaide, that noe pson or psons shall at anye tyme after the firste daye of Aprill next comynge, interrupte denye lett or disturbe any Fremason roughmason carpenter bricklayer playsterer joyner hardhewer sawyer tyler pavyer glasyer lyme-burner brickmaker tylemaker plumber or laborer, borne in this Realme or made Denizon, to worke in anye of the saide Crafts in anye Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate withe anye pson or psons that will retayne him or them; albeit the sayde pson and psons so reteyned or any of them doe not inhabyte or dwell in the Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate where he or they shall worke, nor be free of the same Cittie Boroughe or Towne; any Statute Lawe Ordeynaunce or other thinge whatsoever had or made to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge; and that uppon payne of forfeyture of fyve pounde for everie interrupc&n or disturbaunce done contrarie to this estatute, the one moytie of e$ye suche forfeyture to be to the Kinge, and thother moytie therof to be to him or them that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde by bill pleint acc&n of dett or information wherin noe wager of lawe essoyne nor ptection shalbe allowed.

the Price* or Time* of Work, kc. ist Offence, £io, or Imprisonment for Twenty Day* j *d Offence, actio, or Pillory

3d Offence, or Pillory, Lou of an Ear, and Infamy.

Corporation* of Deder* in Victual* »o conspiring shall be dissolved.

II.

Justice* of Peace, Sec. may punith Offender*.

III.

Free ma *on». Bricklayer*, Carpenter*, and Labourer* shall not be hindered from working in Corporate Town*, though not free thereof, See.

CHAPTER XVI. (')

Touching the removing of suche as have the custodye of Castellf and Fortresses uppon the borders and beyonde the Seas; w"1 dewe recopence to be appointed unto them in other placf.

WHERE before this tyme, aswell the righte highe and mightie Pryncc of famous memorye King Henry theight Father to o' Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is, as allso our Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is, by their severall tres patentf have given and gr*unted to dyvers severall parsones, the custodye and keping of dyvers and sondrye Castellx Fortresses Bulwerckf Holdes and Offyces of defence, aswell in the confynes and uttermoste borders of the Northe partyes of this Realme of Englande againste the Scottf the Kings rebelles, as allso in the confynes and uttermoste borders of other placf w,hin this Realme and other the Kings Domynions, for defence of this Realme against foreyn Prynces and Potentatf, w,u dyvers fees wags proffittf and adv'untagf in the saide severall tres patentf inentyoned; And for so much as dyvers of the saide psons having some of the saide offyef, ben thought mete and apte parsones to s've the Kings Highnes in other placf of s'vice; Be it therfore enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lorde, the Lordes spiritual! and temporall and the Cotnens in this present Parlyament assembled and by thauctoritye of the same, that it shalbe lawfull to the King our Soveraigne Lorde at his will and pleasure at all tyme and tymes hereafter, to remove aswell all and every suche parsone and parsones as now have the custodye or keping, for tearme of lief, of anny Castell Fortresse Bulwercke Holde or Offyce of defence, that at any tyme heretofore hath ben erectyd or made in the confynes and uttermoste borders of the Northe partyes of this Realme, as allso all and synguler thos parsones that now have the custodye or keping, for tearme of lief, of anny Castell Fortresse Bulwercke Holde or Offyce of Defence, that within twenty yeres last past hath ben erected or made nere the Sea Costs or in any of the Kings Domynyons in the parties of beyonde the Sea at the Kings appointment or assignement; giving to everye suche parsone and parsones so to be removed to s?ve the King in other place or placf of servyce, suche lyke or as good fees wags proffittf and adv'untagf and of such lyke interest or estate and of as good assur'unce in the same, as the psone or psones so to be removed now hath or have for exercisynge of his or their Offyce or Offyces wherof he or they shalbe so removed as is aforesaide.

Grant* of the Custody of Castles, kc. to several Persons;

The King may remove any Person* having such Grants for Life, &c. giving them equal Emolument* in other Places.

' sayingt 0.

• From the Original Act in the Parliament Office ; See Note at the beginning of this Year.

60

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 16,17.

A.D. 1548.

ii.

On any new Appointments the former Grants shall become void.

And it is further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that when and as sone as anny parsone or psons so to be removed, shalbe assured of as good fees wags proffitf and adv*ntagf, and of suche lyke interest or estate as he or they hadd for the custodye or keping of anny of the saide Castellx Fortresses Bullwerckf Holdes or Offyces of Defence from which he shalbe removed, that then and so sone and from thensforthe the gr*unte and Ires patentf made to him or them, so to be removed, for the custodye and keping of anny of the saide Castellx Fortresses Bulwcrckf Holdes or Offyces of Defence, whereof he or they shall have suche recompence as is aforesaide, shalbe utterlye voyde and of none effecte.

Indictment of Sir W. Shcryngton, for traiterously making and forging s€loooo worth of Testons without Warrant from the King, &c.

His Confession;

Judgment, and Attainder of Treason thereon.

Further Offences of said Sir William, in making, &c. s£io,oooo worth of Testons without Warrant;

i n making the King’s Coin too light;

in falsifying the Accounts and Indentures of the Coin, &c.

For confirming the Attainder, and Forfeitures thereon;

The said SirWilliam adjudged a Traitor, attained, and his Lands and Goods forfeited.

His Lands vested in the King without Office found.

CHAPTER XVII. (•)

An Act for the confirmation of the Attayndo' of S' Wittm Sherington.

FORASMUCHE as S' Will*m Sheryngton late of London Knighte, the xiiij,h daye of Februarye in the thirde yere of the reigne of o' Soveraigne Lorde Edwarde the Sixte, by the grace of God of Englande Fr*unce and Irelande King, defendo' of the Faithe and of the Churche of Englande and allso of Irelande in Earthe the supreme Hed, was lawfullye indycted before the Mayour of the Cide of London and other the Kings Comyssioners of Oyer and Terminer in the Guylde Hall in London, for that the same S' Will*in the x,b daye of Julye in the fyrst yere of the Reigne of o' saide Souveraigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixte, and dyvers dayes and tymes before and after, at the Cide of Brystowe in the Counde of the Cide of Brystowe, imagenynge falselye to deceyve o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King and his people, falselye and trayterouslye did make forge and counterfayte twoo Thousande powndes of Coyne of sylver, to the similitude of a certayne coyne of o' saide Souveraine Lorde the King, comonly called Testons, of his owne auctoride withowt anny warr'unte of o' saide Souveraigne Lorde the King, and against the Kings prohibycbns to the cont*rie therof to him made and given, and against the peace of o' Soveraigne Lorde the King his Crowne and dignitie; Uppon whiche Indyctement the same S' Will*m was then and there arrayned before the saide Comyssyoners, and then and there before the saide Comyssyoners uppon his saide arraynement confessed the saide Treasone and all things conteyned in the saide Indytement to be trewe ; Wheruppon Judgement was gyven against the same S' Will*m Sherington accordynglie, as in such caces of Treasone apperteyneth ; So that the same S' Will*m is and now standeth attaynted of Treasone, as by the Recorde therof more at large it appereth : And allso the same S' Will*m falselye and traytorouslye in the monethes of Maye June and Julye in the saide fyrst yere of the reigne of o' saide Souveraigne Lorde the King, of his owne auctoritie, w,howt any warr'unte or auctoritye from o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King, and againste his Highnes prohibycbns to him had and made, did make forge and counterfayte, over and besydf the saide some of twoo Thowsande powndes mencyoned in the saide Recorde, a certayne coyne lyke to the saide Kings coyne called Testons, amounting in the hole to the some of tenn Thowsande powndes or thereabowte: And lykewise the same S' Will'm moste falselye and untrulye hath deceyved and defrauded the Kings Ma" in the clyppingf and shearyngf of the Kings Coyne, making therby the same [to' ] light, over and besydes his remedy, and converted the same to his owne use proffytt and comoditye, to the hurt losse and domage of the Kings Ma", above the some of foure thowsande pownde at the least; and the said S' Will'm Sherington at such tymes when the monethlye books and doings concemynge the making of the Kings coyne were brought unto him, he used allways to strike owt as much as he thought good ; and to thintent he might the better so doo, he falsefyed the Indentures and writings, making from tyme to tyme at his pleasure newe books, and burned thother olde books wch might justelye have charged him ; wherin albeit he is not liable to expresse to what somes he deceyved the Kings Ma", yet by his owne declarac&n and confessyon it amounteth to a notable some, and to such a some as he confesseth that all that he hath is not able to recompence the King : For confirmAcbN therfore of the same attayndo', and for the more spedye suretye of the Kings Ma" touching the forfeiture and actuall and reall possessyon of all such Castellx Manno" Landes and Teiitf and Heredytamentf wch the saide S' Will'm had the saide Xth daye of Julye in the saide fyrst yere of the reigne of o' saide Souveraigne Lorde the Kinge, as at anny tyme sythen, and allso for the forfeiture of all such goods cattellx and debts as was the same S' Williams the saide xiiijth daye of Februarye ; Be it enacted by the King o' Souveraigne Lorde wu thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comens in this present Parlament assembled and by thauctoritye of the same. That the saide S' Will'm Sharyngton for the traterouse forging and counterfeiting of the Kings Coynes aforesaide, shalbe by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlament adjudged and demed aTrayto' and attaynted of Treasone and shall suffer such paynes as in such caces of Treasone hath byn used; And that allso the same S' Will'm Sharyngton shall forfeyte to the King all suche Castellx Manno" Landes Tents Offyces Fees Ahuityes and other Heredytamentf what so ever the same S' Will'm was seased or possessed of in fee symple fee tayle for tearme of lief or yeres in his owne right, the saide x>h daye of Julye in the saide fyrst yere of the reigne of o' saide Souveraigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixte or at any tyme sythens; And all such Goods Cattellx and Debts as the saide S' Will'm had the saide xiiij,h daye of Februarye; And that all the saide Castellx Manno" Lands Tents Fees Ahuityes and other Heredytamentf shalbe by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlyament adjudged vestyd and demed in the actuall and reall possessyon of the King o' Souveraigne Lorde, from the saide xiiij"1 daye of Februarye in the saide thirde yere of the reigne of o’ saide Souveraigne Lorde, withowt anny oflyce or inquysycbn to be therof had or founde.

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

* too Printed Copies.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 17,18.

61

Pbovtdeo allwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that S' Anthonye Hungerforde Knight and his heyrf, shall have holde and enjoye the Manno’ of Leyghe w,h thappten*ncf in the Countie of Wiltes, w'* the same S' Will*m at the spetyall request of the same S' Anthonye Hungerforde, aswell for sixten acres and a halfe of Lande as for fyftie and fyve acres of waste groundes and woods w,h thappten'ncf in Easth'm and Westh‘m within the Countie of Essex, assured by the same S' Anthonye Hungerforde to the Kings Highnes and his heyrf, as for dyvers somes of moneye payde by the same S' Anthonye, did receyve have and take by the Kings tres patentf dated the xvj,l> daye of Septembre in the seconde yere of the reigne of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King, To thintent to make an estate therof in Fee symple to the saide S' Anthonye and to his heyres; the saide atteyndo' before the saide Comyssyoners of Oyer and Terminer or this present acte, or anny thing in them or any of them conteyned to the contrarye in anny wise notw^standing.

Provydkd allso and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and every such psone and psones w* at the saide x,h daye of Julye or at any tyme sythens, and before the thirde daye of Januarye in the seconde yere of the reigne of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the King, hath had and opteyned by lawfull gr’unte gyfte feoffament or other assurance, any Manno" Landes Tefitf or Heredytamentf w"> thappten*ncf from or by the saide S' Will*m Sherington, or from or by the saide S' Will*m and other, for any somes of moneye, or otherwyse by or for any other good consyderacttns, shall have and enjoye the same Manno" Landes Tents and Heredytamentf with their appten*ncf, according to such estate interest and terme as is or hath byn to any of them made by the saide S' Will*m, or by . the saide S' Will*m and other ; in such lyke and the same manner as yf the saide attayndo' before the saide Comyssyoners or this psent acte had never byn had or made.

Savyng to all psones and bodyes polytyque and corporate their heyrf and successo's, (other then the Kings Ma" his heyrf and successors,) all such right tytle use interest estate remaynder reverc&ns entrees possessyons rents servycf rents charge rents seek fees anuityes leasses claymes comens proffittf condycons and comodityes as they or anny of them have or ought to have in or to anny pte of the premysses, wherof the same S' Will'm before the saide thirde daye of Januarye in the saide seconde yere, made anny feoffament gyfte gr*unte or other assur*unce to any psone or psones; And savyng to the Kings Mau his heyrf and successo", such Seignories rents tenthes s'vicf and comens to be taken had or pceyved owt of the premysses, wherof the saide S' Will*m Sharington made any such feoffament gyfte gr*unte or other assur*unce as ys aforesaide, as his Highnes before the saide xiiij,h daye of Februarye had or ought to have had in any of the same Manno" landes tefitf and heredytamentf w'1’ their appten*ncf, in the same and lyke manner fourme estate and condycon to all intentf and purposes as yf the saide attayndo' or this present Acte had never byn had or made; any thing to the contrarie therof notwithstanding. Savyno allso to all and every psone and psones and bodyes polytyke and corporate and to everie of them, and to their heyrf assignes and successo" and to every of them, other then to the saide S’ Will*m Sharyngton and his heyrf, all such rights tytles uses interests states possessyons reverc&ns remaynders entrees condic&ns fees offyef rents servycf rents seek rents chardgf aiiuityes comens and all other edmodities proffyttf and heredytamentf what so ever, as they or anny of them had or ought to have had the saide thirde daye of Januarye; any thing in this Acte to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provyded allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte ne any thing therin conteyned shall not extende nor be prejudytiall to Dame Grace Sharington now wief to the saide S' Will'm Sharington, to take awaye from the saide Dame Grace Sharington any right or tytle of joynter or dower, of in or to any Manno" landes tents or hereditamentf w<* before any attayndo' of the saide S' Will*m Sharington were the saide S' Willyams of Estate of mberytSince; but that the saide Dame Grace Sharington shall and maye at her electyon have enjoye and demaunde all such joynter or dower of in or to anny Manno" landes tents or heredytamentf wherof the saide S' Will*m at anny tyme before he was attaynted by the comen lawe, was seased of anny estate of inherit*unce. Provyded allso and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte ne any thing therin conteyned shall not in anny wise extende to enhable the said Dame Grace Sharington to demaunde anny dower of in or to any Manno" landes tents or other heredytamentf, w* the said S' Will'm had or opteyned upon any trust or confydence, wherof he hath before the saide xiiij'1' daye of February made anny estate, or to thintent the same S' Will'm shoulde therof make anny estate or other assur*unce over to any other psone or psones.

II.

Proviio for Sir A. Hungerford, for the Manor of Leyghe in Wiltshire.

III.

Proviao for Perton* claiming under certain Conveyance* by Sir William before jd January a Ed*. VI.

IV.

General Saving of Title to Strangers, against the King.

Saving of the King * Seignory,

Ate. in Landa aliened by Sir William.

General Saving of Title againat Sir William.

V.

Saving for Jointure and Dower of Dame Grace, the Wife of the aaid Sir William

except aa to Landa in Truat.

CHAPTER XVIII. (')

An Acte for thatteyndo' of Sr Thomas Seymo' Knight Lorde Seymo' of Sudleye, Highe Admyrall of Englande.

IN their moste humble wise besechen your moste excellent Ma", the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comens in this pnt Parlyament assembled ; That where S’ Thom's Seymo' Knight Lorde Seymo’ of Sudley and Highe Admyrall of Englande, not having God before his eyes, nor regarding the dewtie w'h by nature benefytf and allegyaunce he ought to your Highnes, nor being content with his honorable estate and condycon wherunto yo' Ma" hath called and endowed him with, but replenyshed and fylled with the moste daungerous insacyable and fearefull vyce of ambyc&n and gredynes of rule auctoritie and domynion, did in the fyrst yere of yo' moste noble and vyctoryous reigne, determyn

T reasonable Offence* of Thomai Lord Seymour; in attempting to get PottcsMon of the King’* Peraon;

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office. See Note at beginning of thii Tear.

62

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c.18.

A.D. 1548.

In causing the King to write to Parliament in hii favour;

In conspiring with certain Lords and Commons

In his Threats as to Parliament;

In retaining Men and preparing Arms to secure his Possession of the King's Person;

In labouring with the King's Council;

In opposing the King’s Interest in Parliament;

In slandering the King, &c.

Ineffectual Attempts of the Lord Protector and Council to conciliate Lord Seymour;

The King's Bounty to Lord Seymour

Lord Seymour's ambitious Conspiracy, in retaining Persons in his Service, and obtaining Money of Sir W. Sharington, Vice Treasurer, attainted in this Parliament;

[S« Chap. XVII.]

and resolve with him self to take into his handes your moste noble parsone, and the same either by vyolence stealthe or other undue meane to have in his possession, with the order rewle and governement of yo' Ma"’ Realmes Domynions and affaires, wch were before that tyme, aswell by your royall assent as by the consent and deliberate advyce of all your Nobles and Counsaile, wherof he the saide Lorde Admyrall was oon, otherwise ordered decreed and determyned ; By the meanes wherof and by the moste prudent foresighte and dyrectyon of your Gracf derest Uncle the Duke of Somerset, Govemo' of your Ma"‘ moste Royall psone and Protector of yor Highnes Realmes Domynions and Subgectf, being the saide Admyrall dysapoynted of his malytyous enterpryse, the same Admyrall contynuing nevertheles in his great ambyfiSn and moste detestable malycyous trayterous purpose, thinking by tumulte and vyolence openly to acheve that thing wch by sleight be coulde not secretlye compasse, traveyled wlh yor Ma1*, being yet for your tendre yeres not liable to conceyve his falshed, by craftie and subtyle and trayterous meanes and persuasyons, havyng allso prepared abowte your Grace by corruptyon, sondrye psones to be Instrumentf to helpp forwardes all his naughtie trayterous purposez, to have cawsed your Grace at his contemplacon to have written a Bill or Ire of your Ma"* owne hande to your highe Courte of Parlament, desirynge the same therby to be good unto the saide Lorde Seymo' in such suits and matters as he shoulde open and declare unto them, wch Bill or Ire the saide Lorde Admyrall thought and determyned, not onelye in his owne psone to have brought into the nether House of your saide Courte of Parlyament, but allso to have lykewise opened the same in the higher House; having in both the same Howses laboured stired and moved a nombre of psons to take pte and joyne with him in such things as he wolde sett fourthe and enterpryse, wherby he thought to brede suche a tumulte uprore and sedyebn aswell in the saide Courte as in the hole Realme, as by the troubling of the hole State and bodye of this your Realme he mighte the more sadly and easelye bring to passe his moste fearefull dyvelyshe and naughtie purpose ; For the more sure and certaine compassing wherof, lyke as he feared not to saye to certaine noble men and others, that he wolde make the blackest Parlyament that ever was seen here in Englande; So moste traiterouslye for the further accomplishment of his lewde enterprise, he reteyned a great nombre of men and prepared a great furniture of weapons and habylementf of warre readye for thexecucon of his saide trayterous attemptatf ; And to coulor and cloke his saide myschevous purposes, did by all such wayes and meanes as he cowlde possiblye devise and ymagin, practyse as it were for his entree towardes the same to seke and attaine the governement of your moste noble psone, and therby to have gotten in to his handes the order of yor Realmes and Domynyons; wherunto he aspired in such sorte 3s he did even then travaill expresselye w4 the moste pte of yo' Highnes moste honorable Counsell to helpp him to the saide gouvernement, doing lykewise all that he cowlde in the Parlyament by him self his s'v’untf and ministers not onely to hinder and lett all things there proponed, wch touched the hono' suretie and benefyte of yo' Ma" and the Realme, but allso spredding abrode sondrye slaunders touching yo' Ma"’ psone, yor derest Uncle the saide Lorde Protecto' and those state of yor Counsell, over vyle daungerous and unmete to be here recyted ; which things being by the goodnes of God reveled, as your saide Uncle the Lorde Protecto' coulde not chuse but hartely lament the saide Lorde Admyrallf yvell malityous and corrupt dysposycon, chieflye in respecte of the apparaunte and irreperable daungier wc" was lyke by the same pntlye to have ensued to your Ma" and to yo' Realmes and Domynyons, and secondlye for that he was by proximitye of bloude so nerelye joyned unto him, So hoping that by good advertysementf and counsailles he might yet recover and save him, and by the Grace of God cawse him to caste awaye his naughtie vyle and ambityous dysposycon, and to have had a better consyderacbn hereafter to his dewtie, bothe to God and unto yo' Ma" wherunto he was moste bounden, The saide Lorde Protecto' laboured w"1 the hole Counsell and otherwise, to reconsyle and refourme him, which pntlye must ells have peryshed in his follye and outrage; And albeit the saide Lorde Protecto' had then pfyt knowlege of all thattemptatf and mysbehavo" of the said Admyrall before rehersed, and that the saide Admyrall had then saide, that he wolde not coom at the saide Lorde Protecto' and Counsaill thoughe they sent for him, and that he wolde not be comytted to any Warde for his doings by the best of them, wherby it appered that he thought his ptie stronge inoughe to resyste yo' Ma'" power and ordinarie auctoritie; Yet the saide Lorde Protecto' not ceassing w,h all demencye to followe his godlye and charytable purpose, did not onelye use all the good meanes he coulde devyse, by the psuasyons of certaine of yo' Gracf Counsell and otherwise, to frame him to the admendement of his evyllf, and so to bryng him to the better remembr*unce of his dewtie, but allso consydering that yf the matier shoulde have growen to extremitye being so nere and so much bounde to yo' Ma" being newlye coom to yo' Kingdome, your Subgectf not all togither left in the best concorde for matters of Religyon, great slaunder tumulte and daungier might have ensued thereby, aswell here at home in yo' Realme as from some owtwarde parts w,h whome yow were in the warre, and in some secrett enmitye readye to entre the warres, thought it w"‘ thadvyse of yo' hole Counsaill moste mete and surest for your Ma" to passe his yvell doings over in sylence; and somewhat the more in respecte of the better staye for the tyme of yo' pnt estate to brydle him w'h yo' liberalitie, and therefore to give unto him landes to the yerelye vallue of viij C. ti. trusting thereby and by such other good meanes as were used towarde him, to encourage and move him to leave for ever that ambycon and sedycyous mynde, and to lyve in such ordre as might have pleased God and s'ved yo' Ma" and yo' puplyke weak: But all this notwithstanding, the Dyvell, who had before planted that vile and evyll weede so depelye in his harte that the roote of the same cowlde not be clerelye pulled owt, but cawsed his ambyc&n eftsones to sprynge and shewe it self more rankelye then it had doon before, for it playnelye appereth that he taryed not longe in his dyssemblyd good moode and promyse, but began afreshe to imagyne compasse and devise for the satysfying of his trayterous desyre, to make a partie factyon and confederation, wherof he wolde be the hed, and did not onely gett as manye rules and offyees in to his handes of all mens as he coulde possiblye attayne, and retayned manye gentlemen and yeomen in to his servyce, making a full accompte and reconing, which he declared secretlye to some of his famylyars that he was thereby liable of his owne Rules Ten*ntf and srv*ntf to make ten thousande men for the opteyning of his saide purpose, for whose wags he had allso devysed after tenne Thowsande powndes by the moneth, owt of yo' Ma"’ Mynte at Bristoll, wch he had opteyned with all your Treasour in the same, by the mean tt

x

a

n

ci

n

11

ik

m

1

11

jty

1

I

k

I

k

4

k

■a J? sa

-4.2X1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c.18.

63

and consent of S' Willyam Sharyngton Knighte Vicetreasourer there, to be at his comaundementf, which S' Will*m now standeth attaynted of Treasone ; And had allso put your Gracf Castell of the Holte wherof he had the keping even nowe a late in a redynes, and there cawsed to be prepared a great furnyture of wheat malte befff and a great masse of money, for the fedyng and entreteynement of a nombre of Men, whiche moneye he cawsed to levyed and exacted half the yere before the same was dewe, bruting allso for the better acheving of his purpose, and to amase therwith the more the people, that yo' Ma1' whome God longe preserve unto us, shoulde be dedde, but allso he laboured sondry of yo’ Nobles and other yo' Gracf Subgectf to joyne with him, devysing with dyvers of them how and by what pollicye wayes and meanes they shoulde make them selfs stronge in their Countreys for that purpose, and how they shoulde wynne unto them the hedd yeomen and ringleaders of the comen people, declaring how he ment to have matched and sett one Noble man against such an other Noble man, as he thought he cowlde never compasse and wynne to assent to his factyon and false conspiracye, promysing to dyvers of them sondrye benefytf ; Yea taking so much upon him for thaccomplishment of his sayde trayterous entent and purpose, as he spared not to promyse your rnoste excellent psonne in marryage to a Noble mans daughter of this yor Realtne; and yet not contented herewith, for the further advauncement of his moste naughtie and trayterous purpose, did trayterouslye and unnaturallye, practyse even with your Highnes owne psonne to make yo' moste excellent Ma" (for yo' tender yeres unhable to understande his false and trayterous purposes) an Instrumente towardes the undoyng and distructyon of yo' Highnes and the subvertyon of those state of this your Gracf Realme, perswading your Ma" as much as in him did lye, not onelye to take uppon yow now in your yonge and tendre age, the rule and order of your self, entendinge and meanynge by the colou' therof to take in to his handes your moste royall psone, the rules and ordres of all thaffayres of your Realmes and Doinynyons being allredy by the saide Lorde Protecto' with thadvyce of your Gracf moste honorable Counsaill, aswell prudentlye and polytykelye gouverned as valyauntlye and noblye defended against outwarde ennemyes, to the encreace of your imortall fame and honno'; but allso to conceave and engendre an hatred in your moste noble hartt against your derest Uncle the saide Lorde Protecto' and all your trewe and faithfull Counsaillours, to the wc,‘ his dyvylishe psuasyons and assautf God gave your Highnes even at this age, to the great rejoyse of us all yo' faithfull Subgectf and sVuntf, a spetyall grace to resyste, above comen reasone and all expectatyon, and moste gratiouslye withowt anny advyse or Counsaill to refuse and denye his yvell advertysementf and psuatyons ; And further the saide Admyrall did moste falselye and trayterouslye corrupte sondrye of your Highnes Privye Chamber w,u manny gyftf and otherwise, to thintent they shoulde move and procure yo' Ma" to wright sondrye tres at his and their devyses, and to putt in to yo' Gracf hedd a spetyall and a synguler favo' affectyon and trust towardes him, and a dysposyc&n to followe what so ever he would have wroughte towardes all others, that he might the rather have compassed his moste trayterous purpose, which must needes have tended to yo' Ma’" destructyon (w* God forbyd) and to the utter ruyne of all us, your Highnes moste loving faithfull and obedyent subgectf; For moste gracyous Soveraigne Lorde besydes all this it is moste evydent and appa'unte, that as ymedyatlye after the King yo' fathers death of moste noble memorye, ye bare a spetyall love and favour to your Gracf syster the Ladye Elyzabeth, seconde parsonne in the remaynder of the state of successyon to the Crowne of this Realme after your Ma" and theyrf of your bodye, whome the living God longe preserve unto us w'11 encreace of much fruite, and wolde then of his great presumptyon and trayterous determynac&n have marryed her, if he cowlde by anny meane have brought to passe the same, but that he was stayed by the saide Lorde Protector and other of yo' Gracf Counsaill, so he did not onelye contynue his said determynacftn towardes her in the Quene his late wifes tyme, but allso by dyvers secret and craftye meanes and practesizes, continuallye sought the acheving of the same sythens the Quenes death, as by sondrye wayes is confessed and appereth ; in so much as the same being pceyved by your saide derest Uncle and some others besydes of your Counsaile, and other psonagf of reputacon, and the said Admyrall by them eamestlye advysed to beware of it and to forbeare his pretensed purpose, specyallye for that it cowlde not be but daungerous to your Gracf psonne, he hath not byn afraide to defende his naughtie doings and purpose in it, and to aske whye he shoulde not contynue his suite towardes the saide Ladye Elyzabeth, w,h sondrye other wordes declaring his full entente and determynaf&n to it, and neglecting all good advyses reasones and monycyons made gyven or alledged contrarye to his purpose he hath secretlye and emestlye followed it, in such sorte as yf sondrye other his myschevous devyses and practyses hadd not appered and coom to knowledge, it is evydent that he wolde have doon what he cowlde secretlye to have maryed her, as he did the late Quene, whome it may appere he maryed fyrst and after sued to yo' Ma" and the Lorde Protecto' and your Counsaill for his preferment to it, whome nevertheles it hath byn crediblye declared he holpe to her ende, to haste forwarde his other purpose; but what this maryage of your saide suster wlh his prepared forces and confederacyes shoulde meane ? and what the getting of the rule and order of yo' Ma"’ Mynte at Bristoll in to his handes? w* ten Thousande men w1" besydes all his frendes and dyvers reteyners he accompted him self furnyshed of, and liable to make at all tymes within his owne rules and of his owne servauntf and ten*ntf shoulde tend unto ? for the wags and entreteignementf of whome he had prepared as is aforesaide; consydering that the said Admyrall at all tymes when occacbn of the servyce of your Ma" was necessarye or requesyte, went allwayes backe and refused to take it uppon him whither it were by See or lande, as your Gracf Counsaill bothe knowe and dyvers tymes have lamented, and in that cace travailed with him (in vayne) to bring him unto it, wherby no goode mynde or will of him towardes yo' Ma"’ saufetye or assur*unce can appere; And uppon all thes synistre wayes and meanes, what his corrupte and subtyle attemptf of getting yo' moste noble psonne in to his handes, by coulo' wherof he might have wrought what he wolde and what so ever his ambityous entent coulde have devysed, w,h his preparacons of vyctuallf and moneye and other his saide doings at your saide Gracf Castell of the Holte, and in the pties thereaboughtf wolde have wrought in thende ? especyallye in this tender age of your Highnes and whitest yo' Ma" is in the gouvernement of a Protecto', it is fearefull to consyder and think uppon; and can not otherwise be taken but to be in dede more then a manyfest declaration of a trayterous

Provisioning Holt Castle, See.

Reporting the King’* Death

Conspiring with certain Noblemen against others

Promising the King in Marriage to a Nobleman's Daughter

Endeavouring to induce the King to take on him the Government, and to prejudice him against the Lord Protector and Council t

Corrupting the King's Servants to obtain his favour

I.ord Seymour's Atiempt to marry the Lady Elizabeth, the King's Sister, after his previous Marriage with the late Queen, Stc.

General Effect of Lord Seymour's treasonable Ambition

64

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 18.

A.D. 1548.

Mis »betting the Treason of Sir W. Sharington ; [5« Chap. XVII.]

Lord Seymour's Misconduct as Lord High Admiral, with respect to Pirates, See.

And other general Misconduct

Lord Seymour attainted of High Treason, to suffer Death ; with Forfeiture of his Lands and Goods:

aspiring to yotlr Crowne of this Realme, and to be King of the same, and an open dede and acte and a false and trayterous compasse and imaginac6n to depose and deprive yor Ma" from yo' royall estate and tytle of your Realmes, and to compasse and imagyne the deathe of your moste noble psone, and moste trayterouslye to take awaye and destroye all things wch shoulde have sounded to the lett and impedyment of his moste trayterous and ambytious enterprise: And further gracyous Soveraigne Lorde to declare the trayterous dysposycon of his nature, and how lytle he cared to offende your Gracf lawes, and howe he did yet lesse regarde his trouthe and dewtie towardes yo' Grace; Where Will*m Sharington Knight late of London, the x,h daye of Julye in the first yere of your Gracf reigne, hath in the Countie and Ckie of Bristoll falselye and traytorouslye forged and counterfeited certaigne of yo' Gracf coigne and further embeseled and purloyned from your Ma" untrewlye and falselye, at the least the some of fourtye Thowsande powndes, for pte wherof the same S' Will*m Sharyngton uppon his owne confessyon is attaynted of Treasone, according to yo’ Gracf Lawes, to which saide trayterous acts, the saide Lorde Admyrall did not onely abet and procure the same S' Will*m Sharington labouring him that he shoulde gett as much moneye from tyme to tyme in to his handes for his purpose as he coulde, so that he might ever have a good masse in aredynes, but allso sythe the tyme of the saide treasone and trayterous acts so doon by the saide S' William Sharington, the saide Lorde Admyrall having pfett knowledge therof aswell by the declaracon of the moste pte of your Highnes Counsaill, as by s5me of his owne Counsell learned, hath trayterouslye comforted ayded assisted and maintayned the saide S' Will*m Sharington in his saide trayterous acte and fawtf against your Gracf lawes and Statutf of this Realme, taking the patent Indentures books and reconyngf of the same S' Willyam Sharington, of his owne auctoritye in to his custodye, and affirminge bothe to sondrye of yor Gracf Counsaill and to dyvers of your Subgectf, that the saide Sharington had wronge to be comytted, devysing all the wayes he cowlde possible, contrarie to his dewtye and allegyaunce trayterouslye to beare him in his evyll and trayterous doings and to delyver him if he by anny meanes might have comen by him ; And for a further proofe to induce that the saide Admyrall did mayntayne and comforte the saide Sharington, where the same Admyrall ought to the saide Sharington ij M. viij C. li. the saide Sharyngton, uppon a mystrust which he had before his apprehensyon that he shoulde for his faute and proceedingf coom one daye to his tryall and examynacon, comunicating the same wth the saide Lorde Admyrall, the saide Admyrall agreed and promysed not onelye to ayde and maintaigne and beare him to thuttermoste of his power, as in dede he did, bothe as is aforesaide and in consulting with learned men for him and otherwise, but allso for his more assured ayde, beinge indettyd to the saide Sharington in the some of ij M. viij C. ii. untrulye conspyred w,h the saide Sharington uppon a bill wherby it appered that the saide Sharington shoulde owe unto him the some of ij M. li. with interests, so as the saide Admyrall might helpp and relieve him with that ij M. ti. with the interest at yor Ma'" hande as a debte to him self, And allso with ij M. viij C. ii. which the saide Admyrall ought in dede to the saide Sharington, amownting in those to v M. vj C. li. which byll moste untrulye and to the open maynten’nce and favo' of the saide Sharington, the saide Lorde Admyrall affyrmed before the saide Lorde Protecto' and your Highnes Counsaill to be a trewe bill and the same ij M. viij C. ii. with thinterest to be his just dett, and so was taken untill the saide Sharington him self confessed and affyrmed the trouthe, wherby the coven and falshed playnelye appered to the contrarie : Final lye moste gracyous Soveraigne Lorde it were to much and over tedyous to molest and trouble yo' excellent Ma", either with the remembr’unce of his yvell doings in his offyee of the Admyraltie, wherin he hath so manifestlye recepted mayntayned ayded and comforted sondry Pyratf, and taken to his owne use the goods pyratuslye taken against yo' Lawes, and expresselye against the orders determyned by the Lorde Protecto' and the hole Counsaill wherunto his owne hande hath byn for the restytutyon of them, wherby he hath moved allmoste all Pryncf Christeyne to conceave a grudge and dyspleasure & by open warres to seke remedyes at their owne handes, to the great trouble and daungier of yo’ Ma" yo' Realmes and Domynions, and to the greate chardge, losse and dysquyet of yo' moste loving and faithfull Subgectf and to the pell of breaking of the Leagues and Treates of amytie betwixt yor Ma" and other foren Pryncf, as their Ambassado" here have playnelye declared, and as pnt experyence teacheth; Or to expresse his inumerable untruthes falshodf and deceitfull practyses, dyscouvering and opening of yo' Ma'" Counsellf, refusall to s've yo' Highnes as he hath byn comaunded, oppressyon and manifest extortyon of yor Ma"’ Subgectf, usynge Iselande and other vyagf by the See, and his determynac&ns of revenge towardes all Men wl" whome he was offended, wch his owne ires and other testimonyes doo declare against him, w°" a full resoluebn to have putt the hole of his entent shortelye in experyence and execution, if God had not prevented it, to the dystructyon of your moste royall psonne and the subversion and alteration of the hole State of yo' Realmes and Domynyons; Wheiifoue consydering aswell that he is a membre so unnaturall unkynde & corrupte and such a heynous offendo' of your Ma" and yo' lawes as he can not nor maye convenyentlye be suffred to remayne in the bodye of you . Gracf comon wealthe, but to the extreme daunger of yor Highnes, being the hed, and of all the good membres of the same, and is to pnityous and daungerous an example that such a psonne so much bownde, and so forgetfull of it, so marcifullye heretofore entreated and by sondrye and great benefytf allured and called, and so cruellye and ingratelye contynuinge in his false and trayterous intentf and purposez against yor Highnes and those state of yo' Realme shoulde remayne amonge us; It maye therfore pleas yo' excellent Ma" that it maye be enacted, with your Highnes assent the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this pnt Parlyament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That the said Sr Thomas Seymo' Knight Lorde Seymo' of Sudleye Highe Admyrall of Englande, for the saide trayterous offencf and deades shalbe by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlyament, adjudged and attaynted of Highe Treasone, and that the same S' Thom"s Seymo' Knight Lorde Seymo' of Sudleye Highe Admyrall of Englande, shall have suffer and susteyne such paynes of Deathe as in caces of Highe Treasone have byn used and accustomed : And also that the saide Lorde Seymo' of Sudleye shall forfett and lose to your Ma" and yo' heyrf all such Castellx Manno" landes tenementf medowes lesues pastures woods waters rents revercons s'vicf offyees fees aiiuities and all other heredytamentf goods cattellf and debts what so ever the same Lorde

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 18, 19,

65

Seymo' hadd enjoyed or was seased or possessed of, at the xvij"1 daye of Januarye in the seconde yere of your Grief Reigne, or at anny tyme syns; And that all such Castellx manno" landes tenementf medowes lesues pastures woods waters rents revertyons s'vicf offyees fees anuities and other heredytamentf, to be by authoritie of this present Acte, adjudged vestyd and deamed in the actuall and reall possessyon of yo' Highnes from the saide xvij01 daye of Januarye, w*owt anny Offyce or Inquisycbn to be thereof had or founde.

Savynq to all and everye p6onne and psonnes and bodyes polytike and corporate and to their heyres assignee and successo's and to everye of them, other then the saide Lorde Seymo' of Sudleye and his heyres, all suche Rightes titles interests uses possessyons revereftns reraaynders entrees condyfftns lesses fees oflycf rents servycf rents chardgf rentes seeke ahuityes comons and all other comodities proffittf and heredytamentf whatsoever they or anny of them had might or ought to have had, as yf this pnt Acte had never byn had nor made.

Furthermore the Kings Ma" is pleased that it be enacted, that all psone and psones bodyes polytyke and corporate and their executo" and adminystrato" shalbe well and trewlye contented and payde, uppon their humble suite and petyc&n hereafter to be made unto his Highnes, of all such Debts which either by spialtye or by anny other just and trewe Contracte, the said Lorde Admyrall did owe to them or anny of them, at anny tyme before the foresaide xvij* daye of Januarye in the saide seconde yere of his Ma'" Reigne.

HU Lands, he. Tested in the King without Office found.

IL

General Saving of Titles of Strangers.

III.

Debts of said Lord Seymour shall be duly paid.

fe

a

k

ri

taf

Is

w

!«f

fl

a

Hi

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for abstinence from Fleshe.

sra

5*

ji

je

ti

4

d

d

i f

15®

4*

ii

4

t*

tors

4

Days and Meats

indifferent, according to the Gospel;

ALBEIT the Kinges Subgectf nowe havinge a more pfytt and clere light of the Gospell and true worde of God, throughe the infynite elemeneye and mercye of Almightie God by the hands of the Kinges Majestie and his moste noble father of famous memorye pmulgate shewed declared and oponed, and therby pceyvinge that one daye or one kynde of Meate of it selfe is not more holie more pure or more cleane then an other, for that all dayes and all Meates be of their nature of one equall puritie cleanes and holynes, and that all men shoulde by them lyve to the glorie of God and at all tymes and for all Meates give thanckf unto Him, of whiche Meates none can defyle Cristien men or make them uncleane at any tyme, to whom all Meates be laufull and pure, so that they be not used in disobedience or vice;

Yet forasmuche as diPse of the Kings Subjects turnynge their knowledge therein to satisfye their sensualitye where they shoulde therby encrease in vertue, have of late tyme more then in tymes paste, broken and contempned suche abstynence whiche hathe byne used in this Realme upon the Fridayes and Satterdayes, the Ymbringe dayes and other dayes comonly called Vigillf, and in the tyme comonlye called Lent, and other accustomed tymes: The Kings Majestie consideringe that due and godlye abstynence ys a meane to vertue and to subdue mens Bodies to their Soule and Spirite, and consideringe also speciallye that Fysshers and men usinge the trade of lyvinge by fysshinge in the Sea, may therby the rather be sett or worke, and that by eatinge of Fyshe, muche Fleshe shalbe saved and encreased, and also for div’se other consideracbns and comodities of this Realme, dothe ordeyne and enacte with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall & Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same, that all manner of Statutf Lawes Constitucfins and Usages conceminge any manner of fastinge or abstynence from any kynde of Meats heretofore in this Reelme made or used, shall from the fyrste daye of Maye next ensuynge, lose their force and strenghe and be voyde and of none effecte. And also that noe pson or psones of what Estate degree or condition he or she be shall at any tyme after the saide firste daye of Maye in the yere of our Lorde God a thousand fyve hundreth fourtye and nyne, willinglie and wittinglye eate anye manner of Fleshe after what manner of kynde or sorte it shalbe ordered dressed or used, uppon anye Frydaye or Satterdaye, or the Ymbringe dayes, or in any daye in the tyme cdmonly called Lent, nor at anye suche other daye as ys or shalbe at any tyme hereafter comonly accepted and reputed as a Fyshe daye within this Realme of Englande, wherin it hath byne comonly used for to eate Fyshe and not Fleshe; upon payne that ev'ye pson eatinge any manner of Fleshe upon anye of the saide dayes or tymes phibited by this Acte, to forfeyt for the same firste offence tenne shillingf of laufull money of Englande, and also to suffer ymprisonment by the space of tenne dayes, and duringe the tyme of his or her saide ymprisonment, to abstayne from eatinge of any manner of Fleshe: And yf any pson after he shall be laufullye convicte of any offence cont'rye to this Acte doe eftsones offende cont*rye to this Acte, and be therof laufully convicte, that then everie pson so offendinge the seconde tyme, shall for his seconde offence forfett twentie shillingf of laufull money of Englande, and also suffer emprisonment by the space of twentie dayes and duringe the tyme of his or her saide ymprisonment to abstayne from eatinge any manner of Fleshe;

And soe lyke payne and emprisonment as often as he or she afterwarde shall offende.

And furthermore yt is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that Justicf of Gaole Delyverie or Justicf of Peace in all and singuler Counties Citties Townes Corporate and other Placf within this Realme of Englande and other Apj>lic»uon ^ the Kings Domynions, shall have full power and auctoritie to enquyre heare and determyne all and all manner offencf ju,ticei of Peace, that shalbe comytted or done contrarie to this Acte, in like manner and fourme as they maye enquyre heare and *c* determyne any trespasse or other offence againste the Kings Peace comytted or done within the lymittf or place where they then shalbe Justicf of Gaole Deliverye or Justices of Peace; and the moytie of everie suche forfeyture shalbe to our Soveraigne Lorde the King his heyres and successors, and shalbe extreated into the Courte of the Escheker in lyke manner and fourme as fynes for any trespasse or other offence comytted againste the Kings Peace ought or shoulde

But certain Timet of Abstinence from Meat used, at in Lent, See.

Advantages thereof;

All Statutes, Constitutions, Itc. concerning Fasting, repealed;

Penalty on Persons eating Flesh on the usual Fish Days; First Offence, tot. and Ten Days Imprisonment, and Abstinence from Flesh;

Second Offence,Jrc. Double.

66

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 19, 20.

A.D. 1548.

in.

Exemption! j Person! licensed, aged, or sick;

Women with Child;

Soldiers;

Certain Fast Days abrogated.

IV.

Bishops, &c. may present Offences.

V.

Limitation of Prosecution, Three Months.

Recital of Stat. it H. VIII. c. 3.

§ tj. imposing Deprivation ot all Dignities on Failure of the Payment of the Tenth to the King of any one

Such Penalty excessive;

Penalty for D f fault of Payment of Tenths shall be Forfeiture of the Benefice out of which the same is due. and nothing further.

be extreted; and thother moytie of the saide forfeyture shalbe to him that will sue for the same by bill playnt informac&n or otherwise in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde, in whiche noe essoyne ptection or wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

Provided alwayes and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that this Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned shall not in any wise extende to any pson or psons that heretofore hathe or hereafter shall have obteyned any Licence of our Soveraigne Lorde the King his heires or successors, nor to any pson being in greate age and in debylitye and weaknes therbye, nor to anye pson being syck or notably hurte without fraude or covyn, duringe the tyme of his or her saide sycknes, nor to any Woman beinge withe Childe or lyinge in childebedd for eatinge of suche one kynde of Fleshe as she shall have great luste unto, nor to any pson beinge in prison for any other offence then for anye offence cont*rye to this Acte, neither to anye that ys or hereafter shalbe the Kinges Highnes Lyveten*nte Deputye or Captayne of any his Majesties Armye Holde or Fortresse, but the same themselfes maye eate Fleshe and lycence and pmytt their Souldiors to doe the same in tymes phibited, upon the wante and lack of other kynde of Vyttaile; neither shall extende to Sainte Lawrence Even, S' Marckf Daye or any other Daye or Even beinge abrogat, neither to anye suche as heretofore have obteyned any Lycence in due fourme of the Archebyshopp of Canterburie.

And further be it enacted by the aucthoride aforesaide, that all Archebisshopps Bisshoppes Archedeacons and their Officers or thoffyeers of anye of them, shall have power to enquyre of the offendors in the pmisses, and p'sent the same, to suche from tyme to tyme as by vertue of this Acte have auctoritye to heare and determyne the same.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that noe manner of pson or psons be empeached molested or trobled or shall incurr anye Payne penaltye or forfeyture for any Offence contrarie to the Acte before rehersed comytted or done, excepte he or they be accused convented or endyted of and for the saide offence, accordinge to the tenor of this Statute within thre monethes nexte after the comyttinge of the saide Offence.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte for the qualyfienge of the Statute of Recusantes.

WHEARE in the parliament holden upon progaciin at Westm the thirde daye of November in the xxvj'h yere of the Raigne of the moste excellent Prince Kinge Henrye theight father to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Majestie that nowe ys, amongf other things concernynge the payment of one annuall pencon of the tenth parte of all possessions of the Churche spuall and temporall graunted to the Kinges Highnes and his heires, yt was enacted ordeyned and established that everie Ecctiasticall pson and other havinge any Eccliasticall pmocion or dignytie specified in the saide Acte, whiche did not dulye paye the saide tenthe parte, and by reason thereof were certyfied by the Archebisshopp Bysshopp or other auctorized in the saide Acte, shoulde upon suche certyficate made accordinge to the tenor of the saide Acte, be judged deprived ipo fc& of all suche dignyties and pmocons spuall that anye suche Incumbent making suche defaulte had at the tyme of any suche certyficate made or at anye tyme after; as by the saide Acte more playnely may appeare: Farasmuche as the payne lymited in the saide Statute in suche fourme and manner as in the same is expssed, ys verie sore and dangerous unto all the Kings faythfull and obedient Subjects of the Clergie; whereof divW sythe the makinge of the saide Statute entendinge none otherwise then moste willingly and withe good harte, that payment shoulde be made of the saide tenthes by them due without fraude or delaye, to suche officers and at suche tyme as by the saide Statute ys appoynted and declared, by the defaulte and necligence of their Farmors and other whom they have trusted to make payment thereof and by div*se other synistre meanes beinge certyfyed or makinge defaulte of payment, have incurred the payne and daunger of the saide Statute, withe the losse & deprivations of all spuall pmocons whereof they were then Incumbentf, beinge also made unable to take any other, to the utter undoinge of suche psons, and the like pill and daunger of many other the Kings most humble and faythfull Subjects of the Clergie, against whom the lyke things may be practysed and attempted hereafter: For the moderation of whiche payne, and to thend that the Kings Majestie our Soveraigne Lord that nowe is and his heires and successors maye be trulye answeared and satissfyed of the saide yerelye pencon or annual rent of the tenthe parte, unyted and knytt to his Imperiall Crowne in manner and fourme as in the saide Acte is conteyned, The Kings saide faithfull and most obedient Subjects the Clergie of this his Realme doe moste humblie beseech his Majestie that yt maye be enacted and established by his Highnes the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this p>sent parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That yf any some of the saide anuall pcnc&n, beinge once due and demaunded accordinge to the manner and fourme specified in the saide Acte, be not trulye contented and payde unto suche Archebisshoppe or Bisshopp or their ministers and officers or to suche other pson or psons or their ministers or fv*ntes as shall have the chardge of Collection thereof, everie yere yerely at the tyme in the saide Acte expssed, and thereupon certificate made into the Kings Majesties Courte of Fyrste Fruytes and Tenthes in writinge under the Seales of anye Archebysshopp or Bisshopp, of suche as be lymitted and chardged to the Collection of the saide pencon by the saide former Acte, then everie Incumbent so makinge defaulte and Styfied shalbe adjudged deprived ipo fc& of that onelye dignitye benefice or other ecctiasticall pmocon, by what name soever it be called, wherof suche Styficate shalbe made: So that suche Dignitie Benefice or other Ecctiasticall pmocon, wherof any Incumbent makinge suche defaulte of payment shall be adjudged deprived as ys before saide, shalbe clerely voyde distitute of Incumbent in the lawe to all intentf and purposes as yf suche Incumbent makinge suche defaulte (1)

1 of payment O.

A.D. 1548,

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 20—22.

67

were deade in dede. And that noe Incumbent makinge suche defaulte of payment shalbe therefore made unhable to take or enjoye any other benefice or praoc&n spirituall, or incurre anye penaltye forfeyture or loose to be payed by them their executors or assignes for the same defaulte, other then in this psent Acte ys herebefore expsed : Any thinge in the said former Acte or any other Statutf or Acts conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes that the saide former Acte concemynge the payment of the saide yerely rent and pension, Recited Ad amoundnge to the tenthe parte of everie suche dignitye benefice or pmoc&n spuall, and everie other Acte touchinge the same, and all artycles clauses and sentencf in them or any of them mencyoned expssed or conteyned, nowe beinge other Particulars, in his or their force and effecte, other then suche as by this p>sent Acte be alreadye qualyfied or moderated, shall stande and abyde in all his or their full strengtie effecte and vertue : Any thinge in this psent Acte conteyned notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXL An Acte to take awaye all posityve Lawes againste Marriage of Priestes.

ALTHOUGHE it were not onely better for thestymaf&n of priestes and other ministers in the Churche of God to lyve chaste sole and sepate from the companye of Wymen and the bonde of Mariage, but also therby they myght the better entende to thadmynistrac&n of the Gospell, and be lesse entricated and troubled withe the Chardge of householde, beinge free and unburdened from the care and coste of fyndinge Wyef and Children, and that it were most to be wisshed that they woulde willingly and of their selfes endevor them selfe to a ppetuall chastytic and abstynence from the use of Wymen, yet forasmuche as the contrarie hathe rather byne seene, and suche undenes of lyvinge and other greate inconveniencf, not mete to be rehersed, have followed of compelled Chastytie and of suche lawes as have phibited those suche psones the godlye use of mariage, it were better and rather to be suffred in the Comon Wealthe that those whiche coulde not conteyne shoulde after the Counsell of Scripture lyve in holie mariage, then faynedlye abuse withe worse enormytie outwarde chastytie or syngle lyes: Be it therefore enacted by our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, withe thassent of the Lordes spuall & temporall and the Comons in this psent parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that all and everie lawe and lawes posityve, cannons constitucbns and ordyn*ncf heretofore made by thauctoritie of man onlye, whiche dothe phibite or forbyd marriage to any eccliasticall or spuall pson or psones, of what estate condicon or degree they be, or by what name or names soever they be called, whiche by Gods lawe maye laufully marrye, in all and everie article braunche and sentence, concerninge onlye the phibicftn for the marriage of the psones aforesaide shalbe utterlie voyde and of none effecte: And that all manner of forfeytures paynes penaltyes crymes or accbns whiche were in the saide lawes conteyned, and the same did followe, concerninge the phibicbn for the marriage of the psons aforesaid, be clerely and utterlye voyde frustrate and of none effecte, to all intentf constructions and purposes, aswell concerninge marriagf heretofore made by any of the eccliasticall or spuall psones aforesaide, as also suche whiche hereafter shalbe dulye and laufullye had celebrate and made betwixte the psons wd’ by the lawes of God may lawfullye marrye.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende to give any libertye to any pson to marrye without askinge in the Churche, or without any other ceremonye being appoynted by thordre pscribed and sett fourthe in the booke intituled the booke of Comon Prayer and thadmynistracbn of the Sacramentf ; any thinge above mentioned to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extende to alter chaunge revoke repeall or otherwise to disanull any decree judgment sentence or devorse heretofore had or made; but that all and everie suche decree judgment sentence and devorse shall remayne and be of suche lyke force effecte strenghe and degree, to all intentf construcc&ns & purposes, as they were in before the makinge of this Acte, and as thoughe this Acte had never bene hade ne made ; this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned to the confrye in any wise notwithstandinge.

Considerations respecting the Celibacy of Priests.

Laws, Canons, See. prohibiting the Marriage of Priests, declared roid:

II.

None shall marry without Banns, See.

III. Proriso for Divorces, ftc. by Sentence before this Act.

CHAPTER XXII.

Av Acte for the coloringe Customes in other Mens names.

WHERE att the Parliament holden at Westffi in the fyrste yere of the Raigne of the noble Kinge of famous memorie Henry theight, it was ordeyned established and enacted by thauctoritie of the saide Parliament, that it shoulde be laufull from thenssforthe that everie Englishmen and all other the Kinges Subjects myght in everie Porte or Haven within this Realme of Englande Irelande and Wales the Marches of the same, and in the Towne of Barwyck where it shoulde happen any Schaundize to arrive or to be charged and carried out, to custome in his name all manner of Goods & iftchaundyse of an other Englishmen or the Kings Subjecte; And in lyke fourme everie Marchaunte Straunger, to custome in his name any Goods or Marchaundise of any other Marchaunte Straunger, so that the saide Marchaunte Straunger that customes the Goods of an other Marchaunte Straunger, and the verie Owner or pprietarie of the Goodes so customed, be charged with lyke Custome Subsidie and other things, so that the Kings Grace were iiot defrauded of his Right: And yf any Marchaunte Straunger or Denison or any other the Kings Subjects, custome

Recital of Stat. i H. VIII. c. 5. respecting Customing Goods by Merchants in the Names of each other, tee.

68

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 22, 23. ^f.D. 1548.

Priiage and Butlerage j

Evasion of the Provisions of the

said Act

Penalty on Persons acting contrary to such Provisions, Forfeitureof Goods and Chattels.

any Goods or Marchaundise of an other Straunger or Denizon or of any other the Kings Subjects, wherby the Kings Grace shoulde lose his Custome Subsidye or other his Right or Dutye, that then the saide Marchaunte Straunger or Denizen or any other the Kings Subjecte that soe takethe upon him or them to doe, shoulde forfeyt to the Kinge the Goodes or Marchaundise so customed; And over that to forfeyte to the Parrie or Parties in that behalfe greived, as moche money as the Goods or Marchaundise of the Marchaunte Straunger Denizen or other the Kings Subjecte so cauteouslye customed amounted unto: And that noe Cittizen of London or other the Kings Subjects inhabitinge in the Cinque Fortes or any other beinge free of Prysage or Butlarage of Wynes by Graunte custome or otherwise, shoulde custome noe Wynes of any pson or peons not beinge free of any Prisage or Butlarage; And yf anye pson free of the saide Prysage or Butlarage so did, that then the saide pson or psones that soe did, shoulde forfeyt to the Kinge the double value of the Prisage of the saide Wynes soe customed: And further that it shoulde be laufull to any pson or psons greyed contrarye to the saide Acte, to have an Ac66n of Dett againste any pson or psones that so customed the Goodes or Marchaundise in his name and not in the owners name, of the some of the value of the saide Marchaundise so customed and forfeyted; in the whiche Acf6n none essoyne nor ptecf&n shoulde lye, nor the defendaunte to wage his Lawe: as by the saide fourmer Acte more at large dothe appere: Sythence the makinge of whiche Acte, divW parsones aswell Straungers and Denizens as the Kinges Subjectes, forgettinge their bounden dutyes to the Kinges Highnes and nothinge fearinge the penaltyes and forfeytures menf&ned in the saide former Acte, doe daylye deceyve the Kinge aswell in his Customes and Subsidies by payment of Customes and Subsidies in the names of such psons other then suche as be the verie owners or pprietaries of the Goods wares and marchaundise, as of the Prisage and Butlarage of Wynes due to the Kinge; Wherefore be it ordeyned and enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde, withe thassent of the Lords spuall and temporall and of the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoririe of the same, that yf any Straunger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, or anye the Kings Subjects, doe at any tyme from or after the laste daye of Marche next comynge, any thinge or acte contrarie to the true meanynge tenor and purporte of the same former Acte and Statute, that then he and they so offending shall lose and forfeyt all his and their owne Goods and Cattellf psonallf for ever; The moyrie of w* Forfeyture shalbe to the Kinge and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by Bill playnt action of Dett or informacbn, in whiche Bill playnt action or informac&n noe wager of Lawe essoyne or ptection shalbe admytted or allowed.

Limitation of Provided alwaye alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoride abovesaide, that everie suche Bill playnte action or

One Yfar°n’ informac&n shalbe had and pursued within thre yeres nexte ensuynge any suche offence comytted or done; or ells the

offendor to be clerelye free and discharged thereof; any Lawe or Statute to the cont*rye had or made notwithstandinge.

Recital of Stat.

3* H. VIII. c. 38. against the Dissolution of

Marriages consummated, under Pretext of Pre-contract not consummated

Abuse of the said Act;

Recited Act repealed as to Pre-contracts, on which the Spiritual Judge may decide, See.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the repeale of a Statute towchinge pcontractf.

WHEREAS in the xxxij"1 yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge of famous rnemorie Kinge Henrie theight, because that many inconveniencf had chaunced in this Realme by breakinge and dissolvinge of good and laufull marriagf, yea whereupon also sometyme yssue and children had followed, under the colour and ptence of a former Contracte made withe an other, the whiche contracte div'se tymes was but verie slenderlie pved, and often but surmysed by the malice of the partie who disired to be dissolved from the marriage whiche (1) lyked not and to be copuled withe an other, there was an Acte made that all and everie suche Marriagf as within the Churche of Englonde shoulde be contracted and solempnized in the face of the Churche and consumate withe bodilye knowledge or fruyte of Children or Childe beinge had betwene the Parties so married, shoulde be by the auctoritye of the saide Parliament demed judged and taken to be laufull good juste and indissoluble, notwithstandinge any jPcontracte or p>contractf of matrymonye, not consumate withe bodylie knowledge, whiche either of the psons so married or bothe had made withe any other pson or psons before the time of contractinge that Marriage whiche ys solempnized or consumated or whereof suche Fruite ys ensued or maye ensue, as by the same Acte more playnly maye appeare: Sithe the tyme of the whiche Acte, althoughe the same was godly ment, the unrulynes of men hathe ungodlye abused the same and div’se inconveniencf intollerable in manner to Christian eares and eyes followed thereupon, women and men breaking their owne pmyses and faythes made by the one unto the other, so sett upon sensualitie and pleasure, that yf after the contracte of matrymonye they might have whom they more favored and desyred they coulde be contented by lightnes of their nature to overtume all that they had done afore, and not afearde in manner even from the verie Churche doore and Marriage feaste, the man to take an other Spowse and the Espowse to take an other husbande, more for bodylie lusts and camall knowledge then for suertye of faythe and truethe, or havinge God in their good remembrance contempnynge manye tymes also the comaundment of the ecctiasticall Judge forbyddinge the Parties havinge made the contracte to attempte or doe any thing in pjudyce of the same; Be it therefore enacted by the Kinges Highnes the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, that as concerninge p>contractf the saide former Estatute shall from the fyrste daye of Maie next comynge ceasse be repealed and of noe force or effecte, and be reduced to the state and ordre of the Kinges ecctiasticall Lawes of this Realme, whiche ymediatlye before the making of the said Estatute in this case were used in this Realme; so that from the saide firste daye of Maie, when any cause or contracte of marriage is p>tended to have bene made, it shalbe laufull to the Kings ecctiasticall Judge of that place to heare and examyne

1 they 0.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 23, 24.

69

ihe saide cause, and having the saide contracte sufficiently and laufully pved before him, to give sentence for matrymonye comanding solempnizac&n cohabitac&n consumacon and tractacUn as becometh Man and Wyef to have; withe inflictinge all suche paynes upon the disobedientf and disturbers thereof, as in tymes past before the saide Statute, the Kings ecdiasdcall Judge by the Kings ecctiasticall lawes ought and might have done yf the saide Statute had never bene made; any Clause article or sentence in the said Statute to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

II.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, that this Acte doe not extende to disanull dissolve or breake any Marriage, that Pro*iio for hathe or shalbe solempnizated and consumated before the saide firste daie of Maie next ensuynge, by title or color of before*thii Act. any pkontracte; but that they be and be demed of lyke force and effecte to all intentf construccbns and purposes as yf this Acte had never bene had ne made; any thinge in this p>sent Acte notwithstandinge.

III.

Provided also that this Acte doe not extende to make good any of the other causes to the dissolucbn or disanullinge Recited Act of matrimonye whiche be in the saide Acte spoken of and disanulled, but that in all other causes and other things confirmed^ there mencioned, the saide former Acte of the xxxijth yere of the late Kinge of famous memorie doe stande and remayne other Re«pea». in his full strenghe and power; any thinge in this Acte notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the triall of Murders and fellonyes in sepal 1 Counties.

FORASMUCHE as the moste necessarye offyce and duetye of the Lawe, ys to p*serve and save the lyfe of Man, and condignlye to punyshe suche psons that unlaufully and wilfully murder sley or distroy men; and also that an other offyce and duetye of Lawe ys to punyshe Robbers and Theves whiche daylie endever them selfes to robbe and stele or gyve assistaunce to the same, and yet by crafte and cautele do escape from the same without punyshment; And where it often happeneth and comethe in ure in sondrye Countyes of this Realme, that a man ys felonouslye striken in one Countie and after dyeth in an other Countye, in whiche case it hathe not bene founden by the Lawes or customes of this Realme that any sufficient Indytement thereof can be taken in any of the saide two Countyes, for that, that by the custome of this Realme the Juryors of the Countye where suche Partic dyed of suche stroke can take noe knowledge of the saide stroke beinge in a forreyn Countye, althoughe the same two Counties and Placf adjoyne verie nere together, Ne the Juriors of the Countye where the stroke was gyven cannot take knowledge of the death in an other Countye, althoughe suche death most apparauntlye come of the same stroke; so that the Kings Majestie within his owne Realme cannot by any Lawes yet made or knowen punyshe suche murderers and manquellers for offences in this forme comytted and done, nor any Appeale at sometyme may lye for the same but dothe also fayle and the saide murderers and manquellers escape thereof without punyshment, aswell in cases where the Counties where suche offences be comytted and done maye joyne as otherwise where they may not joyne: And also it is a comen practise amongf erraunt Theves and Robbers in this Realme, that after they have robbed or stollen in one Countye, they will convey their spoyle or parte thereof so robbed and stollen unto some of their adherentf into some other Counrye, where the principall offence was not comytted nc done, whoe knowinge of suche felonye willingly and by false covyn receyveth the same; in whiche case althoughe the principall felon be after attaynted in the one Countye, the accessarie escapethe by reason that he was accessarie in an other Countye, and that the Juryors of the saide other Countie by any Lawe yet made can take noe knowledge of the principall Felonye ne attaynder in the first Countie, and soe suche accessaries escape thereof unpunyshed and doe often put in ure the same, knowinge they maye scape without punyshment: For redresse and punyshment of whiche offencf and savegarde of mans lyes, be it enacted by auctoritye of this j?sent Parliament, that where any pson or psons hereafter shalbe felonously stryken or poysoned in one Countie, and dye of the same stroke or poysonynge in an other Countie, that then an Indytement thereof founden by Juryors of the Countie where the Death shall happen, whether it shalbe founden before the Coroner upon the sight of such dead bodye, or before the Justicf of Peace or other Justicf or Comyssioners whiche shall have auctoritye to enquyre of suche offencf, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe as yf the stroke or poysonyng had bene comytted & done in the same Countie where the Partie shall dye or where suche Indytement shalbe soe founden; any Lawe or usage to the contrarie notwithstandinge : And that the Justicf of Gaoll Delivye and Oyer and Termyner in the same Countye where suche Indytement at any tyme hereafter shalbe taken, and also the Justicf of the Kings Benche, after suche Indytement shalbe removed before them, shall and maye pceede upon the same in all poyntf as they shouldc or ought to doe in case suche felonous stroke and deathe therby ensuynge, or poysoninge and deathe thereof ensuynge, had growen all in one same Countie: And that suche Partie to whom Appeale of Murder shalbe given by the Lawe, maye c6mei.ce take and sue Appeale of Murder in the same Countie where the ptie so felonouslye striken or poysoned shall dye, as well against the principall and principalls as against evyc Accessarie to the same offencf in whatsoever Countie or Place the accessarie or accessaries shalbe gyltyc to the same; And further the Justicf before whom anye suche Appeale shalbe comenced sued and taken, within the yere and daye after suche murder and manslaughter comytted and done shall pcede againstc all and everie suche accessarie and accessaries in the same Countye where suche Appeale shalbe so taken, in lyke manner anu iburinc as yf the same offence or oftencf of accessarie

Murders not punishable by Law, where the Stroke, &c. was in one County, and the Death in another t

Accessaries in adjoining Counties, &c. to Robberies, Sec. not punishable in such adjoining Counties, &c.

In Cases of Murder, where Stroke or poisoning is in one County, and the Death in another, Indictment thereof in the latter County shall be valid;

and be tried there, or in the King's Bench, accordingly;

Appeals of Murder may be prosecuted in the County where the l’arty dies.

70

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 24, 25

A.D. 1548.

ii.

Accessaries to Murder or Felony may be proceeded against in the County where they become such:

Certificate from the Custos Rotulorum of the County where the principal Felon is convicted. See.

or accessaries had bene comytted or done in the same Countye where suche Appeale shalbe so taken, as well conceminge the triall by the Juryors or twelve men of suche Countie where suche Appeale or Appeales shalbe hereafter taken upon the Plee of not giltye pleaded by suche offendor or offendors as otherwise.

And further be it enacted by auctorite aforesaide, that where any murder or felonye hereafter shalbe comytted or done in one Countie, and an other pson or moe shalbe Accessarie or Accessaries in any maner or wyse to any suche murder or felonye in an other Countie, that then an Indytement founde or taken againste suche Accessarie and Accessaries, upon the circumstance of suche matter before the Justices of the Peace or other Justicf or Comyssioners to enquyre of felonyes in the Countie where suche Offencf of Accessarie or Accessaries in any wise shalbe comytted or done, shalbe as good and effectuall in the lawe as yf the saide principal I offence had bene comytted or done within the same Countie where the same Indytement againste suche Accessarie shalbe founde: And that the Justices of Gaoll delyverie or of Oyer and Termyner or two of them of or in suche Countie where thoffence of anye suche Accessarie shalbe hereafter comytted and done, upon suyte to them made, shall write to the Custos Rotuloa or Kepers of the Recordes where suche principall shalbe hereafter attaynted or convicted, to certifye them whether suche principall be attaynted convicted or otherwise discharged of suche principall felonye; who upon suche writinge to them or anye of them directed shall make sufficient ?tyficate in Writinge under their Seale or Seales to the saide Justicf, whether suche principall be attaynted convicted or otherwise discharged or not: And that after that they that soe shall have the custodie of suche Records doe certifye that suche principall is attaynted convicted or otherwise discharged of suche offence by the lawe, that then the Justicf of Gaoll Delyverie or of Oyer and Termyner, or other there authorised, shall precede upon everie suche Accessarie, in the Countie where suche Accessarie or Accessaries became Accessarie, in suche maner and fourme as yf bothe the saide principall Offence and Accessarie had bene edmytted and done in the saide Countie where thoffence of Accessarie was or shalbe comytted or done : And that ev*ye suche Accessarie and other offendors above expssed shall answere upon thire arraynement and receyve suche tryall judgement ordre and execucbn and suffer suche forfeytures paynes and penalties as is used in other cases of felonye; Any lawe or custome to the contrarie heretofore used in any wise notwithstandinge.

Custom in some Counties to keep County Courts only from Six Weeks to Six Weeks:

All County Courts shall be held every Month in every Shire.

County Court for Northumberland shall be holden at Alnwick.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for the kepinge of Countie Dayes.

WHEARE heretofore the most parte in all the Shiers and Counties within this Realme, the Countye Courte ys and hathe be usuallye kepte and holden from monethe to moneth, and so at everie monethes ende one Countye; yet albeit in some Countries though not many, the saide Countye Courts are holden from Sixe Wekes to Sixe Wekes, by force whereof the Officers awarde out pc esse aswell for the Kinge as pcesse of the Peace out of the Kings Benche, as also other comon pcesse betwixte partie and partie; and the Attornes and Solicitors wlioe sue the same (not kuowingc the private Custome of these pticuler Shires whiche have and use their Counties to be holden everie Sixe Wekes,) give their pcesse lyke retorne as in those Shires whiche have c5mon Custome to holde and kepe Countye Cortes everie monethe ; whereby the Kinges suytes be not only deferred, the playntifff and demaundantf delayed of their laufull action and demaundf, but also the saide playntifff and demaundauntf therby put to doblc coste and charge, to the greate ignomynye and Slaunder of the Lawe, encorraginge of the Offendors and Transgressors, and to the contynuall ympoverishinge of all those who have cause of Sute: In consideration whereof be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde, the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons of this p'sent parliament assembled and by thauctoriue of the same, That from and after the fyrste daye of October next ensuynge this psent Session of Parliament, noe Countie Corte or Cortes hereafter to be kepte within this Realme shalbe longer deferred but one monethe from Courte to Courte, and so the saide Courts from thensforthe shalbe kepte ev’ye monethe and none otherwise: Any usage custome statute or lawe heretofore had or made to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the Sheriffe of Northumberland from thensforthe shall kepe the Countye Courte of that Shyre in the Towne or Castle of Alnewyke and in none other place; any latter use latelye begonne and brought in to the cont*rye notwithstandinge.

A.D. 1548.

<2° & 3° Edw. VI. c.26—28.

71

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Acte againste the carrienge of White Asshes out of this Realme.

CMJNSIDERINGE that White Ashes made within the Realme and other the Kinges Dnions and Territoryes are J verie necessarie and expedient for the makinge of Sope and Salte Peter, and for the whidnge of lynnen Clothe, dyinge and scowringe of wollen Clothe and for other nedefull things in the Realme, and that the same Asshes nowe of late have bene comonlye conveyed over the Seas and therby inhaunsed in price and so skarse that the Kings lovinge Subjects cannot have sufficient of the same for any convenient prices: Wherefore be it ordeyned and enacted by the Kinges Highnes withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporal 1 and of the Comons in this psent parliament assembled and by thauctoritye of the same, that noe pson or peons after the fyrste day of Aprill next comynge shall shippe lade carye or convey any White Asshes towards the parts beyonde the Seas, upon payne of forfeyture of sixe shilling f eight pence for ePye busshell of suche Asshes so to be shipped or laded to be carryed or conveyed into the parts beyonde the Seas: The moytie of whiche forfeyture shalbe to the Kinge and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recordes by Accon Bill Playnte or Informa&n, in whiche Acc6n Bill Playnte or Informacon noe Wager of Lawe Essoyne or ptection shalbe admytted or allowed.

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Acte againste the false forginge of Gaddes of Steele.

WHERE div*se psons of late have deceiptfullie forged and made of certeyne yron called Bilboye yron, like to the fasshion and manner of Gaddf of Stele, and have soulde the same so forged to dyvers of the Kinges Subjects for Stele,%wherby the greateste parte of edged toles weapons and other necessarie thinges having Edges are of little or noe value or goodnes, to the greate hurte of the Kinges lovinge Subjects: For rf.formacon whereof be it enacted by the Kings Highnes by thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and of the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that yf any pson after the firste daye of Maye next comynge doe forge or make any suche gaddes of anye Iron,‘or doe utter or putt to sale anye suche gaddes of any Iron shall forfeyte for everie gadd so forged or uttered or put to sale sower pence ; the moytie of whiche forfeyture shalbe to the Kinge and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde by Accdn bill playnte or informacftn, in the whiche Action bill playnte or informac&n noe Wager of Lawe ptecdon or essoyne shalbe allowed or admytted.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

An Acte for Fynes with Pclamacons in the Counde Palantine of Chester.

IN moste humble wise showen unto your Excellent Majesde your true and faithful! Subjects and liege men, the Inhabitauntf of your Graces Counde Palentyne of Chester; That Whereas heretofore by auctoride of parliament diPse necessarie and beneficiall Estatutes have bene made for and conceminge the levyinge of the Fynes withe pclamacdn, whiche are not onlye necessarie for the pservacon of quyetnes and concorde amongest your lovinge Subjects and for thadvoydinge of stride & contencon, but also for great and pfecte assuraunce of all suche psons to whom any suche Fyne ys levyed of any landes tents and hereditamentf; whiche saide beneficiall and necessarie estatutf doe not extende to any Fynes to be levyed within your saide Counde Palentyne of Chester: In tender consideracbn whereof pleaseth it your moste Excellent Majesde that it maye be enacted by your Highnes and the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoride of the same, that all and singuler Fynes whiche at anye tyme hereafter shalbe levyed or knowledged, before the highe Justice of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge or of his heires or successors of his Countye Palentyne cf Chester for the tyme beinge, or before the Deputye or Lyveten*nte Jusuce ther for the tyme beinge, of any landes tents or other hereditamentf lyinge or beinge within the saide Countye Palentyne of Chester, whiche shalbe openly read and pclaymed thre severall dayes in the open Cessions in the psence of the Justice of the saide Counde Palentyne of Chester for the tyme beinge, or before the Deputye or Lyveten*nte Justice there, at the same Cessions that the same Fyne shall fortune to be engrossed, and also that shalbe openly read and pclaymed in the psence of the Justice of the saide Countye Palentyne of Chester, or before the Deputye or Lyvetcn'nte Justice there for the tyme beinge, at the two next gefiall Sessions that shalbe holden in the saide Countye Palentyne of Chester, before the Justice of the same Counde Palentyne or before the Deputye or Lyveten'nte Justice there, next after the levyinge and engrossinge of suche saide Fyne, at thre sePall dayes in eyther of the saide two Cessions, after suche manner and fourme as ys comenly used in the Kings Corte of Comon Plees at Westmynster, shalbe of lyke force strenghe and effecte in the lawe to all intentf constructions and purposes, as Fynes beinge dulye levyed withe pclamacons before the Kings Justicf of his Comon Pleys be or ought to be of.

UtOhy of White Ashes i» making

Sope, fce.

Exportation of Mch Ashes prohibited

Penalty, 6*. 8<t. per Boshd.

Forging of Cads from Bilbos Iron, like Steel:

Penalty on forging Gads of any Iron, 4<L each.

Statutes for due levying of Fines do not extend to County Palatine of Chester:

Fines levied before the Justices of Cluster, and proclaimed there in Three Sessions, shall be of equal Force, as to Lands in Chester, as Fines in the Court of Common Pleas.
---
72 2° & 3° Edw. VI. c.29, 30. A.D. 1548.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Acte againste Buggorie. (1)

[Sodomy declared Felony without Clergy:]

FORASMUCHE as there is not at this pnt tyme anny sufficient and condigne punyshment appoynted by dewe course of the Lawes of this Realme for the detestable vyce of Buggorie; Be it therfore enacted by thassent of the Kings Highnes the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this present Parlament assembled. That all and everye offendo' or offendo" in that Cryme, after the firste daye of Apryll next ensuyng, being therof convycted or attaynted by verdyte confessyon owtlarye or otherwise, shall suffer suche paynes of deathe, withowt losse of Goods or Landes or any other comoditye his onelye lyfe excepted, as felons convycted or attaynted of felonye byn accustumed to doo touching the saide paynes of death by the comune Lawes of this Realme; And that no such p9ons shall enjoye the privylege or benefyte of his or their Clergie or Sanctuarye:

[Justices of Peace may determine such Offences:]

And that the Justyces of Peax shall have full power and aucthoritie within the lymitf of their Cdmissyon and Jurysdyctyons to here and determyne the saide offence towching the saide paynes of deathe, as they doo and have used to doo in caces of felonye:

[Saving for Wife, Children, &c. of Offender.]

Savyng to the Wief and Children the heyrf and successo" and administrate" of the saide offendo' or offendo" and all other psons and bodyes polytyke, other then the saide offendour or offendo" all such right tytle clayme and interest to all and everye the said Offendour or Offendo" Goods landes and heredytamentf, as they or anny of them might have or ought to have had yf the saide offendo* or offendo" had dyed his or their naturall deathe, or had neither in this cace neither by anny other meanc offended any of the Kings Lawes.

II.

Limitation of Prosecution,

Six Months. Witnesses interested not admitted.

No Corruption of Blood by Attainder of such Felony.

(*) Provyded that no maS of psone be empeched or molested for the said offence by reason of this pnt Act, except the said psone be endited of the said offence w*in vj monethes next & immediately folowyng the tyme of the comyttyng of the same: And that no psone be received for witnes or to lay or give evydence against the said offendour, as upon whose credit thenquest shuld enforme themself, whyche psone shuld tak eny pfite or comoditie by the death of the said offendour if he were atteynted or convicted of the said Crime & offence; nor that any suche attayndo' shall make any corruption of bloodde to the heire or heires of suche offendo' or offendo".

CHAPTER XXX. (3)

An Acte for the Townes of Rye and Wynchellsey and for casting of Balaste into the Camber.

Decay of the Road and Harbour called the Camber, near Rye and Winchelsea:

Mayor and Jurats shall appoint Places for unfading Ballast from Ships ; and none shall be unladen elsewhere; Penalty, 40s. per Ton.

FORASMOCHE as the Inhabitauntes of the Townes and Portes of Rye and Wynchelsey in the County of Sussex, have trulye enformed the Kings mooste hono'able Councell, that the Harborowe and Rode called the Camber, beinge nere to the sayde Townes of Rye and Wynchelsey (lyinge over againste the C.ostes off Dyepe in Fraunce) in tymes past hathe bene a Harboroughe able to receyve twoo hundreth or sower hundreth saylle of Shippes, aswell in tymes of Warre as in tymes of Peaxe, and beinge there, myghte not oonly yssue owte thereof at all tymes to encounter their Enemyes, but also in tymes of stormye Wyndes mighte have had rescue and good Harborowe in the same, to the greate salvegarde of the Kings Shippes and of Marchauntes passinge to and fro uppon the narrowe Seas; Yet no we of late not oonly the sayde Harborowe and Rode called the Camber, but also all the Inne Creekf nere unto Rye and Wynchelsey aforesaide, partelye by occasyon of castinge of Ballest into the same Harborowe and Creekes, and partely bycause dyvers Mershes Inned take in no Water to scower the Channell, but lett oute ther freshe Water at Guttf, so that at this present the Channell there is so choked swared and fylled uppe, that there cannot lye in the same Harborowe above thirtie or fowrtie saylle of Shippes, and yet the same Shippes cannot come into the same harborowe withowte greate daunger: Therefore yt is enacted and ordeyned by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spirituall and temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament asscbled and by the aucthoritie of the same, that the Mayo's and Juratf of Rye and Wynchelsey nowe beinge, before the XXth daye of Aprill next commynge shall appoynte covenyeute placys to laye on all balast that shalbe cast owte of anye hoye shippe crayer bote or other vessell whiche after the first daye of Maye next commynge shall come into or within the sayde harborowe or rode to the entente to receyve or take into yt any freighte or ladinge in those pties; and that all maner of ballast that shalbe had or cast owte of any hoye shippe crayer bote or other vessell after the sayde first daye of Maye shall, by the parsones beinge in every hoye shippe crayer bote cr other vessell, be layde uppon suche placys as the sayde Mayo's and Jurattf or the more nombre of them shall appoynte and assigne and at no other place, uppon payne off forfayture of fortye shillingf of laufull money of England for the first parte or porcyon of ballast so cast over, and xl s. for every tonne of ballast residewe beinge cast owte off any hoye shippe crayer bote or other vessell contrary to the fourme aforesayde, the oon hallffe of every some so forfayted to be to the Kynge our Soveraigne Lorde his heires and successoures, and the Other hallffe to be to hym that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde in this Realme in whiche accyon or sute no essoyn proteccyon or wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office : See Note at the beginning of this Year. 1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

5 From the Original Act in die Parliament Office : Sec Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1548

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 30—32,

73

And yt is further enacted and ordeyned by the aucthoritie aforesaide, that the Mayo' and Jurattf of Rye for the g ^ tyme beinge, and the Mayo' and Jurattf of Wynchelsey for the tyme beinge, and everye of theym shall severally have .hji he tried before full power and aucthoritie to holde plee and to here and determyne all and singter accyons sewtf and complayntf ^"rat?*3™ in any wise concemynge any Acte or Offence doon or commytted at any tyme hereafter contrary to the fourme of this present Acte, and to make execucyon uppon every Judgement gyven in any of the sayde accyons and sutes, aswell upon the Sea as upon the Land, as by their discrescyon shalbe thoughte convenyent.

CHAPTER XXXI. (’)

The Citie of Chester ; towching the taking of Recognisaunces of Statute Marchant or Acton Burnell.

IN theire most humble wyse shewen unto your Highnes your true faithfull and obedient subjects the Maiour Aldermen Shireff 8c Comunaltie of your Graces Citie of Chester, that where before this tyme the Maiours of the said Citie of Chester were appoynted and auctorised to take and receve before the said Mayo's Recognis'uncf according to the Statutes Marchaunt and of Acton Burnell, whereupon were delivered unto the said Maiour by the Kinges Majesties Progeny tours that then were, a speciall seall concernyng the same, by force wherof the Maiours and other Officers there appoynted tyme oute of mynde have contynually used and practised to take recognis*uncf before theym of Statutes Marchaunte and Acton Burnell and enrolled the same, whiche ever hitherto was allowed permytted and taken to be good and effectuall in the Lawe; until nowe of late that ambiguytie and doubte hath risen by the meanes of certen synyster persons, more for the defrauding of right equitie and justice, then upon any good grounde or mattier for theire private comoditie, bycause that in all poyntes it doth not fullye folowe and agree according to all the strayte wordes of the said Statutes Marchaunt and Acton Burnell; aswell to the greate hurte and sclaunder of the said Citie, as also to the decay of the Marchauntes whiche have and shall lende theire Livinges wares and money and greate boldenes of the [holdenes of the "] Creditours and dettours to detayne the same in theire handes, to the greate decay of the said Citie: wherfore for the inconvenience therof, and also for thadvoidyng of the said ambiguytie and doubte, it may please your Highnes that it may be by your Grace with thassent of the Lordes spirituall and temporall and the Comens in this present Parliament assembled ordeyned establisshed and enacted by auctoride of the same, that all and every suche Recognisaunce of Statutes Marchaunte and Acton Burnell, whiche after the first day of Maye next comyng shalbe taken knowleged enrolled had and sealed with the said Seale appoynted to the said Cide of Chester before the Maiour of the same Cide for the tyme being, in like manner as heretofore the Predecessours Maiours and other Officers in the said Cide have accustomed to take and enrolle and seale, shalbe as goode effectuall and of force in the Lawe to all ententf constructions and purposes as if the taking of suche recognisaunce did fully agree and accorde to all ententes and purposes with the straite wordes of the said Statutes of Acton Burnell and the Statute Marchaunte ; and that upon all Certificates of the said Maiours hereafter like proces & execuc&ns to be awarded and directed oute of the High Co'cf of Ch*uncery 8c Coen place to all Shirefff Maiours Bailifff or other Officers in Englonde and Wales, in as ample maner and fourme as is used elswhere within this Realme for any recognis'unce taken upon any of the Estatutf aforesaid; any Lawe statute libertie franchise or usuage had or used to the contrary notwithstondyng.

Recognizances uaed to be acknowledged before the Mayor of Cheater under the Statutei of Merchant! and Acton Burnell, it Sc 13 Edw. I.

Doubt! lately ariaen ai to the Validity thereof;

Recognizance!

10 acknowledged declared valid;

And on Certificate of the Mayor Process shall issue out of Chancery.

CHAPTER XXXII.

An Acte for the contynuaunce of certeyne Statutes.

WHERE in the Parliament begonne and holden at Westm the one and thirtieth Yere of the Raigne of our late most dreade Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henry theight and ther by div'se progac&ns contynued untill the xxiiij* daye of Julie in the xxxij0* Yere of the raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrie theight, there was one Acte made and established for and conceminge the reformac&n of Myspleadinge Jeofayles & Attorneys; whiche saide Acte with the pviso were made to endure untill the last daye of the nexte parliament: And where also at the Parliament (*) at Westm in the thirtieth fyvethe yere of the raigne of our saide late most dreade Soveraigne Lorde one Acte was made that for non apparaunce in Juryes to have De Circumstantibj : And in the Parliament holden at Westm in the xxxviju‘ Yere of our saide late moste dreade Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight the saide Acts and either of them were contynued untill thende of the next parliament: Be it enacted and established by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that the Acts aforesaid, and eyther of them and all Clauses articles and pvisions in them and ev’ye of them conteyned, shall contynue and endure in their force and strenghe for ever.

The Statute*

32 H- VIII. c.30. for Jeofails)

& 35 H.VIII. c.6. respecting Jurie!, at Niii Priui; continued by 37 H.VIII. c.aa.

made perpetual.

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

,J An erroneous Repetition in the Original Act. 5 holden O.

Go

74

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c.33—35.

A.D. 1548.

Doubt upon Stat. i E. VI. c.12.49. as to Persons stealing one Hone:

Such Offenders declared to be deprived of Benefit of Clergy.

Neglect by Sheriffs of Northumberland to account to the King;

Sheriff of the said Coqnty, before receiving his Patent, &c. shall give Surety in the Exchequer to enter into like Recognizances as other Sheriffs; Penalty s&'ioo.

II.

Such Sheriffs shall be charged for their own Time only.

Grant by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of a Subsidy of 6s. in the Pound.

Tenor of the said Grant.

Motives of this Suhsidy;

CHAPTER XXXIII.

An Acte that no Man stealinge horse or horses shall enjoye the benefitt of his Clergie.

FORASMUCHE as it is and hathe byne ambyguous and doubtfull, upon the Wordes mencioned in one Acte of Parliament made in the firste Yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, whether that any pson being in due fourme of the lawes founde gyltye or otherwise attaynted or convicted for felonyous stealinge of one horse geldynge or mare ought to be admytted to have and enjoye the priviledge and benefyte of his Clergie or Sanctuarye, therefore yt is declared and enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde and the Lordes and Comons in this p*sent parliament assembled and by the auctoritye of the same parliament, that all and singuler pson and psons felonyously takinge or stealinge any horse geldynge or mare shall not be admytted to have or enjoye the pViledge or benefyte of his or their Clergy or Sanctuarie, but shall be put from the same, in lyke manner and fourme as thoughe he or they had bene indyted or appealed of felonyous stealinge of two horses two geldyngf or two mares of anye other, and thereupon founde gyltye by veredict of twelve men or confessed the same upon his or thire arraynment or stande wilfiillye or of malice muett.

CHAPTER XXXIV.

An Acte for the Shirieff of Northumberlande to be accomptable for his Office as other Shirieffes bee.

FORASMUCHE as the Shrieff of the Counde of Northumbr, whiche have bene named nowe of longe tyme passed, have not accompted to the Kings Majesde of the yssues and pfittes of their Baylywyke, in the Kinges Highnes Eschequyer nor ells where, as other Shrieff of the saide Counde in olde tyme passed have done nor as the Shrieff of other Coundes of this Realme doc at this tyme, but doe yerelye receyve and take the whole pfittf thereof to their owne uses, to the great detryment and losse of the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde bothe of his vycoundellf and other fermes answerable by thandf of the saide Shrief, and of all other Dettf yssues fynes and aniciamentf within the saide Counde, and of all alienacons and intrusions wardes manages releves and suche other: Wherefore be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes spuall & temporall and the C5mons in this p*sent parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that from hensforthe all and everie suche pson and psons as shalbe hereafter named to be Shrieff of the saide Countye of Northumbr forthwithe, before he receyve his Patent and before he doe excyse any parte of the saide office, shall putt in sufficient suertyes by him selfe or by his suffycient deputye or depudes, into the Kinges Eschequer there, to entre in Recognizaunce in suche some and upon suche conditions as to the Lorde Treasourer and Barons of the saide Eschequer shall seme convenient, in manner and fourme as all other Sheriefff of other Countyes of this Realme doe; upon peyne of everie suche Shriefe makinge defalte to forfeyt to the Kings Majesde a hundred Pounds to be levyed of his goods and chattellf lands and teiites wheresoever theye maye be founde to the Kinges Highnes use: And that the saide Barons from tyme to tyme shall cause suche pcesse to be made for the Kinge for the levyinge of the saide hundred pounde so to be forfeyted, to be dyrected to suche pson and psons and in suche nature and sorte as to them shall seme best for the Kinge for the levyinge thereof; any thinge in this Acte or any other lawe statute use pvysion or custome to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided always and be it enacted by the saide auctoride, that anye suche Shrief beinge so bounden as ys abovesaide shall not be accomptable but for his owne tyme and for the yere of his Shrivewyke onelye; neither shalbe charged, in or upon his accompte, by any pcesse withe anye arrearagf or dutyes due to the Kings Majesde by anye his predecessors in the saide office of Sherieff ; anye thinge in this Acte or any lawe usage or prerogaty ve to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXXV.(')

An Acte for the Subsidie of the Clergie.

WHERE the Prelatf and the Clergye of the Provynce of Cantorbury have lovingly and liberallye, for certaine Consyderacons, gyven and gr*unted to the Kings Ma" a Subsidie of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde, to be taken and levyed of all and synguler the spuall promotions within the same Provynce, during the tearme of three yeres now next ensuinge, in suche certayne maner and fourme, and with dyvers exceptyons and provysyons specefyed and conteyned in a certeine Instrument by them therof made and delyvered to the Kings Highnes under the Seale of Tharchebysshopp of Cantorburye, as in the same Instrument exhibyted in this pnt Parlyament more playnely it doth appere, the teno' wherof ensueth in thes wordes

The PRELATf and Clercye of the Provynce of Cantorburye, uppon certaine great and necessarye consyderac&ns emonge them proposed and debated, calling to remembr*unce the moste gracyous and noble dysposycon of the Kings Ma" their natural! and moste. redoubted Soveraigne Lorde, under whose happie and prudent regyment they and all

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1548.

2°& 3° Edw. VI. c. 35.

75

other his Highnes subgectf ever from the begynninge of his moste gracyous reigne have lyved in saufegarde quyetnes and suretye of their bodyes and goods, owt of the daunger of invasyons spoyles depopulacbns and destructyons of anny foren enemyes, against whose malyce for the suretye and defence bothe of them and all other his Subgectf his Ma'* hath not spared to employe inestymable somes of his owne Treasure and Possessyons, by sondry occac&ns, and namelye by reasone of the great and long warres w1" his Grace hath justelye and moste noblye mayteyned and in parte victoryouslye atchyved both by Lande and See against the Scottf rebellf to his Highnes and enemyes of his moste noble reigne; And considering also that next unto God, they of the saide Clergye be moste bounden to rendre to his Ma" their imortall and moste humble thanks for many Causes and Benefytf, and chieflye for the specyall quyetnes wd' they do potlye enjoye in the myddes of the saide moste crewell and deadlye warres, having no let nor impedyment to applye them selfs to serve God and studye in suche wise as to their vocacbns and duties appteyneth ; And further consydering that the maynten*nce furniture expedyfftn and honorable pfourmance of the saide warres yet contynuinge, and other his Gracf weightie and noble affaires, for the publique weale of his Realmes and Subgectf necessarelye requyreth great and inestimable chardgf and expencf: The saide fPlatf and Clergie therfore for a remembr’unce and declaracbn of their good wills thankefull myndes and bounden dewtyes to his Highnes, w* one hole voyce and very harty good will doo give and gr*unte by thes pntf to his Ma" towardes the saide great chardgf and costs one Subsedye in manner and fourme following, that is to saie; That every Archebisshopp Bysshopp Deane Archedeacon Prebendarye Provoste Maister of Collegf M' of Hospytallf Parsone Vycar and every other psone and psones of whatsoever name or degree he or they be, enjoying any spuall pmocon or other temporall possessyons to the same spuall pmoe&n annexed, now not devyded nor seperate by Acte of Parlament or otherwise from the possessyon of the Clergie, shall paye to the Kings Highnes for everye Pownde that he may yerely dyspende by reasone of the saide spuall promoeon the some of Sixe Shillingf : And for the trewe and certayne Knowledge of the yerely vallues of the saide promoc&ns and every of them wherof the payment shalbe made, the rate taxac&n and valuac&n and estymacon reinayning of Recorde in the Kings Ma"* Courte of the Fyrste Fruictf and Tenthe for the payment of the ppetuall dysme, concerning all suche promotions as be in possessyon of the Clergie or anny other not devyded by Acte of Parlament or otherwise (as is aforesaide) shalbe followed and observed, withowt anny making anny Valuacbn rate taxacon or estymafbn other then in the saide Recorde is comprysed : Provyded allwaies that forasmuch as the tenthe pte of the saide valuac&n and taxe before mencyoned is yerely payde to the Kings Highnes for the ppetuall Dysme so as there remayneth onelye nyne parts to the Incumbent clere, this Subsedye of Sixe Shillingf the Pownde shalbe understonde only of the same nyne partes and of no more. Provyded allwaycs that no psone that is allredye promoted to anny spuall Benefyce, sythen the firste daye of Octobre last past before the date heros, or that herafter shalbe promoted to anny spuall benefyce [un this syde the firste daye of Octobre wrt shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fyftie and one, shalbe contributorie or charged to the Kings Highnes w' anny pte of this Subsedye during the fyrst yere of his said promotion; The saide Prelatf and Clergye allso do gr"unte, that this Subsedie of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde of the yerely value of every promoebn taxed as afore shalbe payde to the Kings Ma" within three yeres next ensuinge the date hereof, that is to saye, two shillingf of every pownde in every of the saide three yerf, the first payment therof to be dewe and made at the firste daye of Octobre next ensuing wt*‘ shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and nyne; and the seconde payment therof to be dewe and made on the saide fyrste daye of Octobre then next following wA shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth and fyftie ; and the thirde payment therof to be dewe and made in the saide fyrste daye of Octobre then next following wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fyftie and one ; and to be delyvered and payde yerely, by such as shalbe appointed to have the Collectyon therof, to the Treasourer of the Kings Courte of Fyrste Fruitf and Tenthes or to anny other parsone whome it shall please the Kings Ma" to appointe for the receyte therof, before the feaste of the Nativitie of our Lorde in every of the saide three yeres. Item the saide Prelatf and Clergie allso do gr"unte that every preist and all other parsones having a pencyon by reason of the dyssolucon of anny the late Monasteries Collegf Free Chappellf Chawntreys Fraternities Guyldf and Hospitallf, or any other Corporation within the saide provynce of Cantorburye, shall Iykewise paye to his Highnes sixe shillingf of every pownde of the saide pensyons within the saide three yeres at suche daye and tyme as is before specefyed; and that for the sure payment therof a deductyon and retencyon of the saide yj s. to be made in thandes of the payers of the saide pencyon after the proportion of ij s. of the pownde every of the saide three yeres, to be delyvered and payde unto his Ma"* use, at suche tyme and to such parsones as the Subsedye of sixe shillingf aforesaide shalbe payd unto. Item the saide Prelatf and Clergie do allso gr"untc that every preist receyving anuall Stipende, being no ppetuitie, within the saide Provynce, shall paye unto his Gracf use Sixe shillingf eight pens in every of the same three yeres at the same dayes and under the same penalties as the rest of the Clergie do paye for their pmofbns. Item the same Prelates and Clergie further do gr"unte that everye Archebysshopp and Bysshopp, and the See being vacant every Deane and Chaptre of that See voyde, shalbe Collecto'1 of this Subsedie within their propre Dyocesse : And for the better recoverye of the saide Collectyon the saide Prelatf and Clergie humblye besechen the Kings Highnes that they maye have full power and auctorityc, by his Ma" and the Highe Courte of Parlyament, to use all such wayes meanes and processes as be prescrybed in the acte of perpetuall Dismes for the collectyon and levying of the same, and shall make accompte therof before the Ch'uncello' or Treasourer or other offyeers of his Gracf Courte of the Firste Fruitf and Tenthe, or in such other place, as it shall please his Highnes to appointe; in suche wise and after suche fourme onely as the saide Archebisshoppf and Bisshoppf be now charged for the collectyon of the ppetuall dysme j wherby is ment how the lacke and defaute of payment of and for

1 on Printed Copies.

Grant of 6s. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotion! and Puueuiom thereto belonging;

According to the Rate of the yearly Tenth to the King.

Payable upon Nine-tenths only t

And not during the First Year's Possession of any Benefice;

The said Subsidy of 6s. payable by Three equal yearly Payments.

6 s. in the Pound granted out of Pensions paid on Dissolution of Monasteries, fee.

6s. 8d. per Annum on Stipends of Priests.

Bishops, See. shall be Collc&ori of the said Subsidies, .Yc. With like Powers as under the Act for lerying the King's Tenth j

76

2° & 3° Enw.VI. c. 35.

A.D. 1548.

On Default of Payment made, the Incumbent shall forfeit the Benefice respecting which it it made:

Collectors liable only for Amount actually levied;

Their Poundage.

Exception for Colleges in the Universities, &c.

Spiritual Possessions shall not be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

New Bishopricks, declared chargeable with the Subsidy.

Exception for Portions to the Poor, &c.

Duty on Pensions may be retained by Parsons paying the same.

Chantries, &c. come into the King's Hands under Stat. I Ed. VI. c. 14. shall not be chargeable to the said Subsidy;

Nor to the King’s Tenth.

Benefices under £f>. 13. 4. per An. shall pay only 6s. 8d.

Exemption of Pensions of 40s. per An. or under.

Prayer for Confirmation of such Grant by Act of Parliament.

The said Grant

confirmed

accordingly.

any pticuler promoebn shall onelye chardge the Incumbent and such as be bounde to paye the same, and that uppon such paynes as be pvyded in the acte of ppetuall dysme against them that do make defaute in that bihalf. Provyded allwaies that every Incumbent making suche defaulte of payment, after Certificate of suche defaulte dewly made and exhibited in the Kings Ma"‘ Courte of Firste Fruitf & Tenth, shall forfett and lose onely that his benefyee or promoc&n for wch he maketh defaulte, and for the same shall incurre no other forfeiture losse daunger payne or penaltie, anny other payne clawse artycle or condycon in the saide Statute of ppetuall dysme conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding; And that Tharchebisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapter, gathering that they can receyve and making payment thereof, shall for the rest not by them receyved be dyscharged by their Certificate to be made by the first daye of Januarye in every of the saide three yeres or within xxiiij*' dayes after in to the Courte of Firste Fruitf and Tenthe, and six pens of every pownde wherwith the Collecto" shalbe charged in his accompte, clerely to be payed in to the saide Receipte or in to suche other place as it shall pleas the Kings MaIC to appoint, shalbe allowed to the same Collecto' for his saide accompte for the same for the chardgf and collectyon portage conveying and paying of the saide Subsidie. Provided allwaies that this Subsedye gr*unted by the Clergie shall not be demaunded or levyed owt of anny Benefyee or Colledge scytuate or sett w"'in the Universities of Oxforde and Cambrydge, or of any Benefyee or other Revenues unto anny Colledge of Oxforde or Cambrydge unyted appropryed appteyning, or of the College of Eton nighe Wyndeso', or of the Colledge of Wynchestre founded by WitPm Wykeham sometyme Bisshopp of Winchestre, or of anny other Churche or Benefyee or of any other revenues to the saide Collegf or to anny of them annexed appropryed or other wise appteyning. Provyded allwaies that no spuall pmocon or any landes or revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this gfunte or acte of the Provynce of Cantorburye or any goods or cat tel If growing being or renewing of the same, and pteyning to the owners of the saide spuall promoebn, shalbe charged or made contributorie to any fyftene or other Subsedye allredye gr'unted to the Kings Highnes of the laye Fee, or hereafter to be gr*unted during the tearme of the saide three yeres. Item the saide Prelatf and Clergye further gr*unte that everye of his Gracf newe erectyd Bisshoppf Deanes Prebendaries Petycannons and Preachers shalbe charged to this Subsedye for their owne porcons only therof to paye six shillingf of the pownde w,hin the saide three yeres, as is above rehersed of other Bisshoppf and spuall psones ; and these porcons of Rents and Revenues w1*' his Highnes hath gyven unto them for the maynten’ncf of poore men Scole masters usshers gramaryans queresters and other offyeers and ministers not to be charged with anny pte of this Subsedye. Provyded allso that every psone vycar or other spuall man paying anny pencon, wherof none allowance is made in the valuation of his saide benefyee, shall and may retayne twoo shillingf of every pownde of every suche pencon every yere during the saide three yeres to his owne relefe, in consyderacon that he is charged to paye his Subsedye of Six Shillingf of the pownde owt of every pownde of the hole value of his promoebn. Provyded allso that where certaine Landes teiitf rents tythes pencons porcons fruits and other heredytamentf latelye belonging to dyvers Cathedrall Churches or to other placf eccliastycall w"‘in the saide Provynce of Cantor, wd' were gyven and assigned to be bestowed and spent to and on the fynding and maynten’nce of certen Ch’untries Anniversaries obytf lyghtf lampes and other lyke things intentf and purposes, be nowe com into the handes and possessyon of the Kings Ma" o' Soveraigne Lorde by force of a Statute therof made in the fyrste yere of his gracyous reigne, as by the said estatute more plainely appereth ; that the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Deanes or Presydentf and Chapyters of the same, and all other placf and psones to whome the saide landes rents and other the premysses or anny of them did lately apptaine, shall not be charged to and wth anny contribucbn or payment of any Subsedye for that pte or porcon wherunto the Kings Mau is entytuled or possessed of; but the saide Subsedye shalbe understonde to be chargeable and dewe only of all and synguler landes teiitf rents tythes pencons porcons fruits and other herdytamentf wch do still reinayne not dissevered from thandes and possessyon of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other the placf and psones aforesaide; and that deductyon and allowaunce be made to them and every of them in the payment of the saide Subsidie owt of the hole vallue taxacon and estymacon made for the payment of the saide ppetuall disme remayning of Recorde in the Kings Ma* Courte of Fyrste Fruitf and Tenthe for that rate and porcon w* is come to thandes and possessyon of or saide Soveraigne Lorde by force of the Statute premysed. Provyded allso that every psone and vycar whose benefyee is of the value of vj fi. xiij s. iiij d. or under, after the rate of the ppetuall Tenthe, shall paye in every of the saide three yeres only vj s. viij d. as stipendaryes doo and not otherwise. Provyded allso that every Preist and all other psones having a pencon by reasone of the dyssolucon of anny of the late Monasteries Collegf Free Chappellf Ch’untreys Fraternities Gyldes and Hospitallf or any other incorporacons within the Provynce of Cantor or any of them, and being of the some of fourtie shillingf or under and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable to the saide Subsidie or anny pte therof for any such pencon of fourtye shillingf or under ; any thing conteyned in this graunte to the contrary notwithstanding: as by the saide Instrument more at large it doth appere: And for the sure and trewe payment of this Subsidie gr"unted by the saide Prelatf and Clergie of the provynce of Cantorburye, according to the tenor purporte effecte and trewe meanynge of this pnt Instrument the saide Prelates and Clergie most humbly desyre and requyre yo' Highnes that this their saide gyftf gr*unte and Subsidie and every matter some of moneye clause and sentence in this Instrument conteyned concernynge the saide Subsidie rnaye be ratefyed establyshed and confyrmed by auctoritie of yo' Highnes Courte of Parlament:

And for the sure and trewe payment of the saide Subsidie gr'unted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the saide provynce of Canto' according to the teno' effecte and trewe meanynge of the saide Instrument; Be it enacted by the Kings Highnes w,h thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comens in this pnt Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that the saide gyfte and gr*unte, and every matter some of moneye clawse and sentence in the saide Instrument conteyned, be ratefyed establyshed and confyrmed by thauctoritie aforesaide.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 35.

77

And Furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritye of this pnt Parlament, That every psone that shalbe appointed to the collectyon and gathering of the saide Subsidye shall have full power and auctoritie to 'levye take and pceyve the same Subsidie by auctoritie of the censures of the Churche, or by distresse upon the possessyon of the sermon and owners of the landes and tefitf chargeable by this Acte for or to the payment of any some or‘somes of moneye, or otherwyse by the dyscretyon of the Collecto" therof; And that no replevy phibi£&n or supersedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for anny psone or p6ones makinge defaulte of payment of the saide Subsidye contrary to the teno' of the g'aunte thereof, untill suche tyme as they have trewly satysfyed and contented all suche parte and por£6ns as to them in that bihalf apperteyneth; and that every such fermo' and fermo", that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and w" the payment of the saide Subsidie or anny parte thereof, shall by thauctoride aforesaide be allowed and reteyne in his handes asmuche of his yerely ferine and rent as the some wd' he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Lessour shall extende and amounte unto; any writinge coven*nte bande or other thing had or made to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the levyinge of the saide Subsidie of Six shillingf of the pownde, and for the yerely pen£6ns w* any preist or other psone or psones w* heretofore have byn relygious or taken for religious p6ones do or shall receyve at the Courte of Augmentaf&ns and Revenues, the Ch*uncelo' of the same Courte for the tyme being shall yerely during the saide three yeres, that is to saye, at the feaste of S' Michell Tharch*ungell yerely during the saide three yeres, deteyne and reteyne in his handes or cawse to be deteyned or reteyned in the handes of other the ofiycers and ministers of the same Courte to the Kings use, for every pownde of the same penc&ns ij s. and the same shall well and trewlie paye or cawse to be payed in to the saide Courte of the Tenthe and Fyrst Fruitf, or ells where as the Kings Highnes shall appointe, before the first daye of Januarye withowt any chardge to be made or susteyned in that bihalf.

And be it further enacted by thauctoride aforesaide. That every other psone or psones w* paye or be chargeable to paye any yerely rent penc&n or pencyons to anny Preist or other psone or psones, w* heretofore have byn relygious or taken for relygious psones chargeable to the payment of the saide Subsidie, that every such psone or psones w* do so paye or hereafter shall paye any of the saide yerely rents pencon or pencons, shall not only during the saide three yeres reteyne in his handes yerely to the Kings use, for every pownde of the same yerelye Rent pencon or penc&ns ij s. and the same well and trewlye paye or cawse to be payde yerely during the same three yeres unto the Ordinarye of the same Dyoces or to the Collecto' of the saide Subsidie there to the Kings use ; but also shall yerely during the same three yeres, before the first daye of Decembre, certefie under his or their Seale or Seales unto the saide Courte of the Tenthe and First Fruitf, or ells where it shall pleas the Kings Highnes to appointe, the names and surnames of all and singuler such Preistf or other psones relygyous or heretofore taken for religious psones as is aforesaide, and the trewe yerely rents or pencdns w* they or anny of them be entytled to have or receyve yerelye as is aforesaide; And that the Ch*uncelor for the tyme being of the Kings Courte of Augmentations and Revenues of the Kings Crowne shall lykewise yerelye during the saide three yeres, before the first daye of Decembre, certefye under the Seale of the same Courte, not only the names and surnames of all and synguler Preistf and other psones chargeable for the saide severall rents and yerelie penc&ns to the payment of the saide Subsidie in the saide Courte of the Tenthe and First Fruitf, or ells where it shall please the Kings Ma" to appointe, but allso the trewe and juste yerelye some and s5mes of the same yerelye Rents or penc&ns with the names and surnames of the psones chargeable to the payment therof; And that the Archebisshopp and Bisshopp of every Diocesse w*in the saide Provynce of Cantorburye shall yerelye during the saide three yeres, before the fyrste daye of Januarye or within xxiiij'1 dayes after at the furdest, certefye under his Seale in the saide Courte of the Tenthe and Fyrste Fruitf, or ells where it shall please the King to appointe, the names and surnames of all and synguler stypendarye Preistf being w'^in anny of their Dioceses chargeable to the saide payment of the saide Subsidie as is aforesaide ; and allso the names and surnames of every suche psone and psones with whome he or they do dwell and take any stypende or wags.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That everye suche psone and psones which within the saide three

yeres shall gyve and paye any stypende or wags to any such Preist as is aforesaide, shall for the insufficyencye or

defaulte of everye of the same Preist or Preistf being in servyce or wages w* him at the saide firste daye of Octobre,

be charged and chargeable to and w"‘ the payment of vj s. viij d. for the same yere.

And be it further enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That the saide Archebisshopp Bisshoppf, and all other psones chargeable to and with the collectyon of the saide Subsedye of vj s. the pownde w"'in the saide Provynce of Cantor, shall have uppon every payment thereof made in the Kings Courte of the Tenthe and Fyrste Fruytf, or ells where the Kings Ma" shall appointe, a suffycient acquyfunce in writing, of suche psone or psones as the Kings Ma" shall appointe for the receipte therof, the same acquyfunce witnessing the same receipte of as much of the same some of the same Subsidye as shalbe by any of them so receyved; And every suche acquytt*unce in writing sealed and subscrybed w’" the name or names of every suche psone or psones that so by the Kings appointment shall receyve any of the saide somes of Moneye shalbe as good and effectuall in the lawe, and allso a suffycyent dyschardge to all intentf constructyons and purposes, as yf it were made by Acte of Parlament; and that every psone and psones w" shall have and receyve any such acquyfunce shall paye but onelye twoo pence for every of the same acquyfunce.

Be it allso enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and every gr*unte and gfuntf of all and every s5me and somes of moneye, whiche hereafter shalbe gfunted to the Kings Highnes by the Clergie of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe of the same strengthe force and effecte in all things as the saide gf unte made by the saide Provynce of Cantor;

II.

Subsidy may be levied by Spiritual Ceniurea, and by Diatreaa, Etc.

Farmer* paying the ■ante for their Leuon may retain the Amount.

IH.

Subiidy on Peniiom payable by the Court of Augmentation* shall be retained there.

IV.

Other Person* paying pension* shall retain and pay the Subaidy thereon;

and alao certify to the Court of Tenth*, &c. the Name* and Penaion* of the Partict;

Like Certificate shall be made by the Chancellor of the Court of Augmentation*;

Bishops, ice. thall certify Name*, ice. of Stipendiary Prieit* in their Diocese*.

V.

Person* retaining Stipendiary Prteit* shall be charged for their Subiidy.

VL

Collectors shall receive full Acquittance* on Payment.

VII. Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

78

VIII. Persons having both tpiritual and temporal Possessions shall be charged separately for each.

IX. Exemption for Pensions of 40a. per A nnum

or under.

Motives for granting a Relief to the King:

Grant of a Relief from all Subjects and Corporations, of their Personalty above <£10,

One Shilling in the Pound

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 35, 36. 1548.

and shalbe taxed certefyed collated levyed and gathered according to the tenour fourme and effect of this pnt Acte of plament, to all intentf constructyons and purposes; in suche manner as thoughe it were specyallye playnely and priculerlye expressed and rehersed in this pnt Acte by expresse wordes termes and sentencf in their several I natures and kindes.

Provyded alwaye and be it enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that every laye psone having any spuall pmoc&n chargeable by this Acte, and allso having temporall Possessyons goods catallf and debtes chargeable to the Subsidye g*unted by the Temporaltie, shalbe charged taxed and sett for his said spuall pmoc&n w*" the Clergie, and for his temporall Possessions goods and cattellf w* the Temporaltee and not otherwise.

Provyded allwaies and be it enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that all such as have ben relygious psones, and other, having any penc&n by reason of any dissoluc&n of any late Monastery College or Hospytallf, or any other Corporacbns v!""in the Provynce of Cantor and Yorcke or any of them, and being of the some of fourtie shillingf or under and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable to the said Subsidie or any pte therof for any such Penc&n of xls. or under j any thing conteyned in this Acte or in any of the saide Instrumentf or any of them to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXXVI. (■)

An Acte for a Reliefs graunted to the Kyngf Magestie by the Temporaltie.

WHILEST WE the Kyngf Ma'" faythfull lovinge and obedient Subjects, the Lordes and Comens assembled in this present Parlyament, do consider the present state of the Worlde, what great troubles be in all Places, what Enemyes bothe his Ma,ie and this his Realme hathe and is lyke to have, and that their malice and hatred is bent partelie to dymyshe his Graces Ma*" and the honour of this his Realme, partlie to spoyle the same of the just true and auncyent enheryt'unce right and title that his Highnes and his most noble progenytours Kyngf of this Realme of Englonde have alweys had to the Realme of Scotlande, beinge a member and parte of his Kyngdome and Domynyon; and cheiflie for that We of late havynge abandoned the auctoryte of the Busshope of Rome and his wycked doctryne have and do adhere to Chryst and his moste holie worde, as becomythe all Chrystyans to do that meane to be no lesse in deade then they professe in name: Whylest We also consyder that his Grace and We his faythfull and obedyent Subjects be but one bodye polytyque, his Highnes the hedde and We the membres, and that no good or felycytie canne come to the one but the other shalbe partaker therof, and that no hurte or adversyde canne happen to the one wherw* the other shall not also be greyed: Whylest also We consyder the practyses and pollycies of other Prynces and Potentates, what great preparations they make bothe of men and also of other furniture for the Warres, and what great Treasure they of late have levyed and gathered of their Subjects ; W e perceavynge that all the Kyngf Ma'" procedyngf holly tende to the advauncemente of the true glorye of God, the maynten*nce of the MaUe of the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme, and the defense and savede of us and this his Realme, fully mynded to cleave and stycke to God and his moste holie worde, utterlie determyned to meynteyne his Graces honour and all suche ryghds and titles as be annexed to his Imperyall Crowne; prest and redie to defende our selfs and this his Realme and our Countrie, and fynallie content to leave Father mother brothem system wyfes chyldren landes goodes, yea and this mortall lyfe also, rather then We wolde denye Chryst and forsake his worde, whiche is the lyvelie food of mans sowle, rather than We wolde suffer his royall Ma,k to be in any parte dymynyshed, rather then We wolde consente that the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme shoulde be depryved of any honour title ryght or interest therunto belongynge; and fynallye rather then any foiren Power shoulde do us or our Countrie any hurte or injurye; have thought it good to prepare and make not onlie our psons redie for the warres, havynge a full affyaunce and parfette confydence in God, that as he alweyes hathe sent victorye to suche as professed hym and put their hole trust in hym, albeit they were but verye fewe and that verye feble in mans sight in respecte of the multytude and force of their enemyes, so he nowe woll have specyall regarde and eie to this lytle Realme, and us his poore S'v*ntf and litle flocke, takynge to his charge and defence our title Sheparde, till yeares and strenght make hym better able to bycker withe his enemyes, and that therfore he w' us and for us woll devyse to withstonde resyste and subdue the force and puissaunce of our stoute foes, no more ours then his, at the least ours for his cause; but also to make emonge us a masse of moneye to releeve and meynteyne the great and inestymable chargf that our most gracious Sovereigne Lorde hathe and dayllie dothe susteyne, a thinge moche unable to serve any peace of his present necessities, if his Grace dyd mean to spare any parte of his owne Threasure, besichynge his Grace not to cast his eies uppon the smalnes of this our symple present, but to laye by it our good wylle whiche we make the chiefest part of our Relief, it faythfullie promysinge all the reast to be readie when perrell or enemye shall declare this not to suffice : Fyrst We his Graces said Subjects do, by thauctorytie of this present Parlyament, frelie and franckelie gyve and graunte unto his most Royall Ma1' a Relief, to contynewe by the space of thre yeares, to be rated taxed levyed and gathered of every pson, of what estate or degree he be, accordinge to the tenour of this Acte alter the rate and in manner and forme followynge, that is to saye; aswell of all and everye pson as is or hereafter shalbe his Graces naturall subjects, as of all and every Fratemyte Guylde Corporation Mysterye Brotherhod Companye and C5mynalde, corporat or not corporat, win this Realme of Englonde Walis and other the Kyngf

1 From the Original Act at the Parliament Office. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 36.

79

From Alien* i». in the Pound

Domynyons, beinge worthe tenne poundes In monye coyne playte stocke of marchaundyse come grayne sheep beasif cattailf or other goodes movable, aswell within this Realme as without, and of all suche somes of money as to hym or theym is or shalbe owinge, wherof he or they trust in their consciences suerlie to be paid, yerelie twelve pens of every pounde ■, And of every Alien or Straunger borne out of the Kyngf obeysaunce, aswell denysen as not denysen, inhabytinge or resyaunte w'in this Realme or anny other the Kings Domynyons, being worthe ten pounds in moneye coyne plate stocke of marchaundyse come grayne sheepe beastes catall or other goodes movable, as well within thys Realme as without, and of all suche somes of moneye as to hym is or shalbe owinge wherof he trustith in his conscience to be suerlie paide, yerelie two shillingf of every pounde : And of everye Alyen or Straunger borne out of And under ^io, the Kyngf obeysaunce, aswell denyson as not denysen, inhabytinge or resyaunt within thys Realme or any other the "• 1Bthe Pound' Kyngf Dnyons beinge worthe twentie shyllyngf and under ten poundes, in monye coyne plate stocke of marchaundise come grayne sheepe beastf catallf or other goods movable aswell within this Realme as without, and of all suche somes of moneye as to hym is or shalbe owinge wherof he trustithe in his conscience to be suerlie paid, yerelie twelve pens of every pounde : Excepte and out of the premysses deducted suche somes of moneye as any pson or psons H/«mption of ^ before chargeable owe and in his or their conscience trulye mynde to paye; and excepted also the apparell of suche bt*’ App*re1’

psons their wifes and chyldren belongynge to their owne bodies; savynge Jewellf golde sylver stone and perle;

Excepted also alweyes from the charge assessement and payment of the said Relief all money goodes and cattallf of Good* of Orphan*,

Orphanes, bequethed or lefte unto theym by their parents or other their frendf deceassed; And that all Plate coyne chlr_e on pl,.|

jewellf goods debts and cattallf psonallf, beinge in the rule and custodie of any pson or psons to the use of anye &c.o?Corpomion».

Corporation Fratemitie Guylde Mysterye Brotherhed Companye or any Comynaltie, beinge corporat or not corporat, be

& shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, at the value certified by the presentours of that certificat to be

swome of everye pounde in goods and debtis as is abovesaid, and the somes that ar before rehersed sett and taxed to

be levyed and taken of theym that shall have suche goods in custodie as is before rehersed; and the same pson or

psons and bodies corporate by the auctorytie of this Acte shalbe discharged ageynst him or theym that shall or ought

to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyvery therof or at his otherwise departure from the Custodie or

possession of the same: Excepte and alweyes forprysed from the Charge and assessement of this Relief, all goodes Exemption for

Cattallf jewellf and omamentf of Churches and Chappels, ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappels for dyvyne c^rche*^*&c.

servyce therin to be celebrated.

Also We the Kyngf Ma'"* subjects do gyve and graunte to his Highnes eight pens, to be paide yerelie durynge the Pol] g(J ^ said thre yeres, by every other pson not borne under the Kyngf obeysaunce, beinge denyson or no denysen, other then all other Person*. women covert souldeours and suche psons as be under thage of xij yeares dwellinge or resyaunte within this Realme or any other the Kyngf Dnyons.

And the said Reliefs shalbe by thauctoryte afforesaid taxed assessed and rated, durynge the said thre yeares, in At wh.^xime* every Shire Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Boroughe Towne, and everye other place within this Realme of iieh^Relicfo

Englonde and Wales and other the Kyngf Domynyons, in forme following, that is to saye; the first yeare before the pl;d. xx*1 daye of Marche and the other two yeares before the xx"‘ day of Januarye ; The first payment of the said Reliefe to be hadde made and paid at the recepte of the Kings Exchequer before the vj,b daye of Maye nexte comynge, and the seconde to be made and paide at the said Recepte before the xx"1 daye of Aprell whiche shalbe in the yeare of our Lorde God after the computacion of the Churche of Englonde 1550, and the thirde payment to be had and made at the saide Receipte before the xx1" day of Aprell whiche shalbe in the yeare of onr Lorde 1551. And the sumes abovesaid of and A» well within for the said Relief shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed and paid unto the use of our said without. * Soveraigne Lorde his heyres and successours, in forme abovesaide, aswell within lyberties franchesies sanctuaryes auncyent demeasne and other whatsoever place exempte or not exempte as without, except suche Shires places and psons as shalbe forprysede in and by this pnt Acte; any graunte charter prescryption use or lybertie by reason of any letters patentf or other pryvyledge prescripcion alowaunce of the same or what so ever other mattier of dyscharge heretofore to the contrarye made graunted used or obteigned notw'stondinge.

IV.

And it is further enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlyament, that every suche pson, aswell suche as be borne Person» absent shall under the Kyngf obeysaunce, as everye other person straunger borne, denysen or not denysen, inhabiringe within this ^0t^r,jb*4che,r Realme or within Wales or other the Kyngf Domynyons, whiche at the tyme of the saide assessinge or taxaf&n yerelie to be had or made shalbe owt of this Realme and out of Wales, and have goods or catallf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same, by the Certificat of the Inhabitauntes of the parties where suche goodes catallf landes tenementes or other the premysses than shalbe, or in suche other place where suche pson or his factour deputie or atto'neye shall have his most resorte unto w'in this Realme or in Wales, in lyke manner as if the same pson were or had byn at the tyme of the same assessynge within this Realme: And that every person abydinge or All Person* shall dwellinge within this Realme or withowt this Realme, shalbe charged and chargeable to the same Relief graunted by Kcordh^lo this Acte accordinge and after the rate of the value of his substaunce goodes and catallf and other premysses, as suche Aweasment on p6one so to be charged shalbe sett at in the tyme of the said assessinge or taxacion uppon hym to be made, and in none otherwise.

And Further, We the Kyngf Subjects do gyve and graunt frelie to his Highnes one other Relief, to be paid yerelie Furtlier durynge thre yeares at the Receipt of the Kyngf Exchequer after the Rate and in maner and fourme followenge, for Three Year*; that is to saye ; of everye Ewe kepte for the most parte of the yere in several salte or freshe marshes or in severall JheepTqjHn* pasture, that is to saye groundes not comen nor comenlie used to be tilled, thre pens: Of everye wether and other private Pasture, 3d; sheere sheepe kepte in pasture or marshes as is afforesaid, two pens -, And of everye shere sheepe kepte on comens or

80

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 36.

A.D. 1548.

Shear-Sheep on Commons, i$d.

VL

Persons having Ten Shear Sheep only shall pay i^d. for each;

For more than io, and not exceeding 20, id. each. Reliefs on Sheep payable in November each Year.

VII.

If the Value of the Sheep and Personalty exceed the Rate per Head of the Sheep, or the contrary, the highest Rate shall be paid.

VIII. Further Relief; 8d. per Pound on the Price of all Woollen Cloths made, for Three Years.

1A.

If the Rate on Cloths exceed the Value of the Clothier's Personalty, he shall pay on the Cloths only.

X.

Penalty on Persons colouring the Goods, Sheep, or Cloths of others; Forfeiture thereof, and the Value to the King.

XI.

For lev vine 'the said Reliefs

The Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, Stc. shall appoint Commissioners irt every Shire, Itc.

And for the Royal Households

on sererall groundes comonlie used to be tilled thre half pens; to be paid yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, by the owner or owners of the same sheepe, and not by any pson that hathe the same sheepe in farme or by lease, payinge a rent or any other profytt for the same, or whiche is or shalbe bounde by any maner of Coven*nt or Suertie to restore the same, or as many sheepe or the value therof at any tyme.

Provyded alweyes and be it enacted by thauctorytie aforesaid, that every pson not havynge above the nomber of ten sheere sheepe shall paye yerelie durynge the saide thre yeares one half peny for the poll of every suche shere sheepe; and that every pson havynge above ten sheere sheepe and not above twentie shall paye for everye of them but one penye, duryng ev’ye of the saide thre yeares; any thinge before in this graunte of the Relief of Sheepe conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw'stondinge ; the first payment of the said Relief of Sheepe to be made before the fyrst daye of November next comynge, The seconde before the first day of November whiche shalbe in the yeare of o' Lorde God 1550, and the thirde before the fyrst day of November whiche shalbe in the yeare of our Lorde God 1551.

Provyded alweyes and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie afforesaide, that if the value of the Sheepe cattail and other movable goodes of hym or her that hathe Sheepe chargeable to the payment of the said Relief, beinge rated and gathered into one hole and entier some and value, shalbe founde greater and more for the advauncement of this Relief, than the payment that ought to be made by the polle of the said Sheepe as is before declared, that then the owner of the said Sheepe shall not be chargeable withe the payment after the rate of the polle; and if it shall appere that the payment after the Rate of the polle shall excede in Value and be more benyficiall to the Kynge then the monye rated of the hole substaunce of any person, that then suche pson havynge Sheepe shalbe charged to paye after the rate of the polle, and not after the Value of his entier substaunce ; the Relief paide the yeare before of his entier substaunce to be taken and accompted as percell of the some that shalbe due and payable in the hole at the yeares ende uppon thaccompte made for the polle of his Sheepe.

Also We the Kyngf saide Subjects by thauctoryte afforesaide do gyve and graunte unto the Kyngf Ma‘" one other Relief, that is to saye; viij d. of the pounde of the pryce and value of all and singuler wollen Clothes Carseys Fryses Cottons Kendallf and all other kynde of wollen Clothes of what sorte or makynge so ever they be, that from the feast of the Natyvyrie of Seynt John Baptist next comynge durynge thre yeares then next followenge shalbe made by any pson to be put to sale ; the same Relief to be levyed and gathered yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, of the maker of the saide Clothe in suche maner and forme as hereafter in this Acte shalbe declared.

Provyded alwayes and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctoryte aforesaid, that if it shall appere that the rate of viijd. of the pounde of the pryce and value of the Clothe by suche Clothier made as is afforesaid shall excede the rate of xij d. of the pounde of his goodes and catallf, that then every suche Clothier shall paye onlie after the rate of viij d. of the pounde of the Clothes and not after the value of his goodes and cattallf ; the Relief paid the first yeare of his entier substaunce to be taken and accompted as percell of the sdme that shalbe due and payable in the hole at the fyrst yeares ende, uppon accompte for the clothes by hym made as is afforesaid; The seconde Relief paide of his entier substaunce to be taken and accompted as pcell of the some that shalbe due and payable in the hole at the seconde yeares ende uppon accompte for the Clothes by hym made as is afforesaide; and the thyrde Relief paid of his entier substaunce to be taken and accompted as percell of the s6me that shalbe due and payable in the hole at the thirde yeares ende uppon accompte for the clothes by hym made as is afforesaid.

Provyded also and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie afforesaid, that if any pson, to thintent to defraude the Kyngf Ma,ie of the Reliefs graunted by this Acte or any parte therof, do colour and take upon hym by the assent or consent of the true owner therof to be owner or propryetarie of any goodes sheepe clothes or other thinges chargeable to the payment of the said Relief, and in deade shalbe founde tried or proved not to be just and right owner therof, uppon any informacion therof to be made in the Kyngf Courte of Exchequer w'in twoo yeres next after suche offence, that not onlie suche goodes sheepe clothes and other things or the value therof shalbe forfayted to the Kynge, but also the partie so faulselie colorynge the same or pretendynge to be owner or propryetarye of the same, shall forfayte. and lose to the Kynge the treble value therof, to be levyed of his goodes and cattallf landes and tenementf to the Kyngf use.

And to thentent that the Kyngf Ma,ie may be justlie and truelie satisfied of the said Relief, of the value and substaunce of every mans goodes, and other somes to be paid by straungers denysyns or not denysyns, by us to his Highnes gyven in maner and fourme affore expressed, and in no parte therof be defrauded, as our intent and hope is his Grace shall not be; Be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie afforesaid, that the Lorde Chauncellour of Englonde the Lorde Thesaurer of Englonde the Lorde President of the Kyngf most honourable Counseyll the Lorde Prevy Seale and the Lorde Great Chamberleyn of England, for the tyme beynge, or two of theym at the least wherof the Lorde Chauncellour or the Lorde Thesaurer to be one of theym, shall and maye name and appoynte of and for every Shire Rydinge and other places, aswell within this Realme as in Wales and other the Kyngf I>nyons, as also for every Cittie and Towne beinge a Countie of itself, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certen nomber of persons of every of the same Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes and Isle of Wight, and every other place and other the Inhabytauntf of the same, to be Comyssioners within the same, wherof they be Inhabytauntf, and also of and for the honorable Householdes of the Kynge our Soveraigne Lorde the Ladie Marie and the Ladye Elizabethe Graces the Kyngf Ma,ic’ systers, certeyn hed-officers of the same, to be Comyssione's of the

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

same Householdes in what Shires or other places the said Householdes shall happen then to be; and the Lorde Chauncellour or Lorde Theasorer and other w‘ hym before named in lyke maner maye name and appoynte of every other suche Borough and Towne corporat, aswell in Englonde as in Wales and other the Kyngf Dnyons as they shall ihynke requysite, syxe fyve foure thre or two of the hedde officers and other sadde and honest Inhabytauntes of every of the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes corporat accordinge to the nomber and multitude of people beinge in the same ; the whiche psones, if any suche be therunto named of the saide Inhabitauntf of the said Boroughes and Townes corporat not beinge Counties in theym selfes, shalbe joyned and put as Chmyssioners w* the psons named for suche Shires and Rydyngf as the said Boroughes and Townes corporat not beinge Counties in theym selfs be sett and have their beinge; whiche psones so named for and of the said Boroughes and Townes corporat not beinge Counties, by reason of their dwellinge in the same, shall not take uppon theym ne none of theym, to put any parte of their Cdmyssion in execution for the premysses, out of the said Borough or Towne corporat wherin they beinge so named onlie for the same be dwellinge, and also not to execute the said Comyssion within the Boroughe or TowneXorporate where they be so dwellinge, but joyntlie w' thre at the least of the other Comyssioners w*in the Shire or Rydinge, and in that Comyssion wherin they be so dwellinge, at suche dayes and tymes as the saide other Comyssioners for the same Shire and Rydinge shall therunto lymyte and appoynte, w'in the same Boroughe or Towhe corporate not being Countie corporat, whereof they so be, and not out of suche Boroughe or Towne, and in that maner to be aydinge and assysdnge w' the said other Comyssioners in and for the good executinge of the effecte of the saide Comyssion; uppon peyn of every of the said Comyssyoners so named for every suche Cittie Borough and Towne Corporate not beinge a Countie to make suche fyne as the said other Comyssioners. in the Comyssion of and for the said Shyre or Rydynge so named, or thre of theym at the least, shall by theire dyscretions sett and certifie into the Kyngf Exchequer, there to be levyed to the use of our Sov’aigne Lorde the Kynge, in lyke maner as suche or lyke somes had byn sett and rated uppon every suche person for the said Relief; the whiche Comyssyoners so named of and for the said Citties Boroughes and Townes not beinge Counties, and onlie put in the said Comyssion by reason of their dwellinge in the same, shall not have any parte of the porcion of the fees and rewardes for the Comyssione's and their Clerkes in this Acte afterwarde specified : And the Chauncellour of Englonde or Reaper of the Kyngf great Seale for the tyme beinge, shall make and dyrecte owt of the Courte of Chauncery, under the Kyngf Great Seale severall Comyssions, that is to seye, to everye Shire Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Boroughe Isle and Householde, unto suche psone and psons as by his dyscretion and other w* hym before appoynted and named, in lyke manner and forme as is afore rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient for the sessynge and levyenge of the said Relief in all Shires and Places accordinge unto the true meanynge of this Acte; whiche Comyssion shalbe dyrected and delyvered to the said Comyssioners or to one of theym yerelie durynge the said thre yeares in maner and forme followenge, that is to seye; the fyrst yeare before the tenthe daye of Marche next comynge and the other two yeares yerelie before the fyrst daye of Januarye, and to every of the said Comyssions tenne Schedules conteyninge in theym the tenour of this Acte shalbe affyled; by the whiche Comyssion the Comyssioners in every suche Comyssion named accordinge unto this Acte, or as many of theym as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion, shall have full power and auctorytie to put the effecte of the same Comyssion in execution; And that by auctorytie of this Acte after suche Comyssion to theym directed yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, they maye by theire assentes and agrementf sever themselves for the execution of their Cdmyssion in Hundrethes lathes wardes rapes wapentakes townes pishes and other places w*in the lymittes of their said Comyssion in suche fourme as to theym shall seme expedyent to be ordred, and betwene theym to be comoned and agreed accordinge to the tenure and effecte of the Cdmyssion to theym directed; uppon whiche severaunce every pson of this present Parlyament that shalbe Comyssioner shalbe assygned in the Hundred where he dwellythe.

And for Town* Corporate, &c.

Limitation of the Power* of Commiuionert in Town* Corporate

Commissions shall be isaued out of Chancery, yearly

Commissioners may separate themselves for several Districts;

Member* of Parliament shall act at Commissioners where resident.

Provyded alweyes, that no pson be or shalbe compelled to be any Comyssyoner to and for the execution of this present Acte, but onlie in the Shire where he dwellythe and inhabvteth, and that any pson beinge assigned to the contrary therof in any wise shall not be compelled to put in execution the effecte of this Acte or any parte therof.

And It is also enacted by thauctorytie of this pnt Parlyament, that the Comyssioners and every of theym whiche shalbe named lymyted and appoynted accordynge unto this Acte to be Comyssioners in every suche Shire ridynge lathe wapentake rape cittie towne boroughe Isle and the said Housholdes or any other place, and none other, shall truelye effectuallie and dylygentlie for their parte execute the effecte of this present Acte accordinge to the tenour therof in every behalf and none otherwyse by any other meanes, withowt omyssion favour dreade malice or any other thynge to be attempted and done by theym or any of theym to the contrary hereof: And the said Comyssioners, or as many of theym as shalbe appoynted by the said Cdmyssion and none other, for the execution of the said Comyssion and Acte, shall the fyrst yeare of the payment of this Relief of Goodes before the xx* day of Marche, and thother two yeares yerelie before the xvjlh daye of Januarye, by vertue of the Comyssions delyvered unto theym in fourme abovesaid, directe their sePall or joynte Precepte unto eight seven syxe fyve foure or thre or moo, as for the nomber of the inhabyt*untf shalbe requysyte, of the moste substauncyall dyscrete and honest persons inhabytauntf to be named by the said Comyssioners, or by as many of theym as shalbe appoynted by the said Comyssion, of and in Hundredes lathes rapes wapentakf wardes paryshes townes and other places aswell within Liberties franchesies auncyent demeasnes places exempted and sanctuaryes as w'out, w'in the lymytes of the Shyres ridyngf laihes wapentakes rapes citties townes boroughes or Isle afforesaid, and other places within the lymytes of their Comyssion, and to the Constables Sub Constables Bayllyff and other lyke offyeers or mynysters of every of the said Hundreds townes wardes lathes wapentakes peryshes and other places beforesaid, as to the said Comyssyoners and every nomber of theym unto thre

XII. Commissioners shall be Residents.

XIII. Commissioners shall act impartially j

and proceed by yearly directing their Precepts to Inhabitants and Constables, to appear before them, to carry this Act into Execution, ou a Day appointed.

VOI..1V.

Y

82

2° & 3° Epw.VI. c. 36.

A.D. 1548.

XIV. Commissioneri ahall meet at the Day appointed.

Penalty on Inhabitants, &c. not appearing, or refusing to be sworn, 40 s.

Inhabitants, &c. appearing, shall be sworn to inquire and certify as to Parties chargeable under this Act;

Charge of the Commissioners to the Persons so sworn

Further Day shall be appointed to them to bring in their Certificate of Charge j

Penalty on their Non-appearance, &c. 40 s.

Certificate by Persons appearing;

or two of theym by their dyscretion in dyvysion shall seme expedyent, as by the maner and use of that pardes shalbe requysyte; straytlie by the same Precepte chargynge and comaundynge the same Inhabytauntf Constables and other officers afforesaid to whome such Precepte shalbe so dyrected, to appere in their proper persons before the said Comyssyoners, or suche nomber of theym as they shall devyde theym selves, accordynge to the tenour of the said CSmyssion, at certeyne dayes and places by the said Comyssyoners or any nomber of theym as is abovesaid, w'in Citties boroughes or townes corpont or w'out in any other place as ys afforesaid, by their dyscretions shalbe lymyted therunto, to do and accomplyshe all that to theym on the parte of o' Soveraigne Lorde the Kynge shalbe enjoyned touchynge this Acte; comaundynge further by the same Precepte that he to whose hands suche Precepte shall come, shall shewe or delyver the same to the other Inhabytauntf or offyeers named in the same Precepte, and that none of theym fayle to accomplyshe the same, uppon peyne of fortye shyllyngf to be forfayted to the Kynge.

And it is further ordeyned by the said auctorytie of this Parlyament, that the said daye and place prefyxed and lymyted in the said preceptf, every of the Comyssyoners then beinge in the Shire, and havynge no sufficient excuse for his absens, shall at the said day and place prefyxed for that parte wherunto he was lymyted, apere in his proper person, and there the same Comyssioners beinge present or as many as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssyon, shall call or cause to be called before theym the said inhabytauntf and offyeers to whome they have directed their said preceptf, and whiche had in comaundement there to appere by the said precepte of the said Comyssione’s; and if any person so warnyd make defaulte onles he then be letted by syknesse or laufull excuses and that lett than to be witnessed by the othes of two credyble psones, or if any so apperynge refuse to be swome in fourme followinge, to forfayte to the Kynge sortie shillyngf ; and so at every tyme duringe the said thre yeares prefyxed for the same cause unto suche tyme the nomber of every suche persons have appered and certified in fourme under wrytten ; and every of them so makynge defaulte, or refusynge to be sworne, to forfayte to the Kynge sortie shillyngf; and upon the same apparaunce had, one of the most snbstaunciall inhabytauntf or officer, so there beinge warned and apperynge before the said Comyssyoners, shalbe sworne yerelie durynge the said three yeares uppon a boke openlie before the Comyssyoners in fourme followynge: I shall truelie enquyer withe my fellowes that shalbe charged w' me of the Hundred Wapentake Warde Towne or other place, of the best and most value of the substaunce of every pson dwellinge and abydynge withein the lymytes of the places that I and my fellowes shalbe charged w', and of other whiche shall have his or their most resorte unto any of the said places and chargeable w' any some of moneye by this Acte of this said Relief; and of all other articles that I shalbe charged w' touchinge the said Acte, and accordinge to the entent of the same; and thereuppon as nere as it maye or shall come to my knowlage, not onlie truelie to present and certefie before you the names surnames additions and the best and uttermost substaunce and values of everye of theym of their goodes cattallf debtis and other things chargeable by the said Acte, and how many Straungers denysens or not denysens being above thage of xij yeares be resyaunte and dwellynge within the lymyttf of my charge, of what value in goods and other things chargeable to the payment of this Relief they be, and whether they be housholders or serv'ntf or otherwise under the rule and governentent of their parents, w‘out any conceylement favour love affection dreade feare or malice: So helpe me God and the holie contents of this booke. And every other pson that shall appere there yerelie by the seid preceptes shall make Iyke othe ; And uppon the othe so taken as is before said by the inhabyfuntf and officers of every hundred warde wapentake towne or other place, the said Comyssioners shall yerelie openlie there reade or cause to be reade unto theym the said rates, and openlie declare the effecte of their charge unto theym in what maner and fourme they ought and shoulde make their certificatf accordinge to the rates and somes thcrof abovesaid, and of all maner of persons aswell of Alyens and Straungers denysyns or not denysens inhabyted

within this Realme, as of suche persones as be borne w'in the Kyngf obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte, and of the

goodes and catallf of Fraternyties Guyldes Corporacions Brotherheddes Mysteries Companyes and Coinynalties and other as is abovesaid; And of persons beinge in the parties of beyonde the Sea havynge goods or cattalles w'in this Realme as is beforesaid, and of all goodes beinge in custodie to the use of anye other as is abovesaidc: By the whiche information and shewinge the saide psons shall have suche playne knowlage of the true entent of this present Acte, and of the maner of their certificat, that the same psones shall have no reasonable cause to excuse theym by ignoraunce: And after suche othes and the Statute of the said Relief and the maner of the said certificate to be made in writynge conteygnynge the names surnames and additions of every pson, and whether he be borne without the Kyngf obeysaunce or within, and the best value of every pson in every degree, of the value of goodes and cattallf debts and every thinge to their said certificat requysite and necessarye to them declared, the saide Comyssioners ther beinge shall by their discretions appoynte and lymyte unto the said psones an other daye and place to appere before the said Comyssyoners ; and chargynge the said psons, that they in the mean tyme shall make dilygente enquyre by all wayes and meanes of the premysses, and then and there every of theym uppon peyn of forfayture of twentie shillingf to the Kynge, to appere at the said newe prefyxed daye and place, there to certifie unto the saide Comyssioners in wrytinge accordinge to their said charge, and accordynge to the true entent of the said graunte of Relief and as to theym in maner aforesaid hathe byn declared and shewed by the Comyssioners; at whiche day and place so to theym prefyxed, if any of the

said psons make defaulte, or appere and refuse to make the said certificat, that then every of theym so offendinge, to

forfayte to the Kynge sortie shyllingf; Excepte onlie a reasonable excuse for his defaulte by reason of sycknes or otherwise by the othes of two credyble persons there witnessed be had; and of suche as appere redie to make certificat as is afforesaid, the said Comyssioners there beinge shall take and receyve the same certificat and every parte therof and the names values and substaunce of every pson so certified ; and if the same Comyssioners se cause reasonable, they shall examyn the said presentours therof} And thereuppon the said Comyssyoners at the said dayes and place by their agrement

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

83

amonge themselfes shall yerelie durynge the said thre yeres openlie their prefyxe a daye at a certeyn place or places within the lymyttes of their Comyssion by their dyscretion for their further procedinge to the said assessynge of the same Relief; and thereuppon at the said daye of the said certificate (as is beforesaide) taken, the same Comyssioners shall make their precepte or preceptf to the Constables Subconstables Bayllyffes or other Officers of such Hundredt' Wapentakes Townes or other Places afforesaide as the same Comyssyoners shalbe of, comprysynge and contcignynge in the same precepte the names surnames and additions of all persons presented before theym in the said certificates; of whome yf the said Comyssioners or as many of theym as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion shall than hhve vehement suspecte to be of more greater value or substaunce in goodes cattalles or somes of moneye owinge to theym, or other substaunce before said, then uppon suche person or persons shalbe certified, the same Comyssyoners shall make their precepte or preceptf directed to the Constable Baylliff or other Officers, comaundynge the same Constables Bayllyfff and other Offycers to whome suche precepte shalbe dyrected, to wame suche persones whose names shall be comprised in the said precepte, at their mancyons, or to theire psons, that the same psons named in suche preceptes and every of theym shall personallie appere before the said Comyssyoners at the same newe prefyxed daye and place, there to be swome and examyned by all wayes and meanes by the said Comyssyoners of their greatist substaunce and best value, and of all and everye somes of moneye owinge to theym and other what soever mattier concemynge the premysses or any of theym accordinge to this Acte ; At whiche daye and place so prefyxed the said Comyssyoners than there beinge, or as manye of theym as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyngf Cdmyssyon, shall cause to be called the said persons whose names shalbe comprysed in the said precepte, as it is before said, for their examynacion ; And if any of these psones whiche shoulde be warned (as is beforesaid) to be examyned, whiche at any tyme after the warnynge, and before the prefyxed daye shalbe within suche place where he may have knowledge of the said apparaunce to be made, make defaulte and appere not, onlesse a reasonable cause or else a reasonable excuse by the othes of two credyble persons before the said Comyssyoners be truelie aledged for his dyscharge, that then every of them so makynge defaulte, to be taxed and charged to the Kynge w' and at the double somes of the rate that he shoulde or ought to have been sett at, for and after the best value of his goodes and substaunce uppon hym certefied, yf he had appered, by the dyscretion of the Comyssione's there beinge : And in lyke maner if any of theyin suspected as is before said, appere and refuse to be swome in fourme followinge, than every suche offendour to be taxed and charged to the Kynge withe and at the double some of the rate that he shoulde or ought to have byn sett at, for and after the best value of his substaunce uppon hym certified by the said persons that made the Certificate as is before said, by the dyscretions of the Commyssioners there then beinge. And every of the persons so there and then apperynge, whose names shalbe expressed in the said precepte or preceptf and in whome any vehement suspecte was or shalbe had in fourme abovesaid, shall travell withe the same person so suspecte by all suche wayes and meanes they canne, and further the said Commyssyoners or as manye of theym as shalbe hereunto appoynted by the said Comyssyon, by theire discretions shall openlye swere the same person in this maner and fourme followinge: I shall faythfullye truelie and playnlie accordynge to my Knowledge, shew unto you the Kyngf Comyssyoners and to other by you assigned, the best and greatyst value or above of all my goodes and cattallf and somes of moneye to me owinge, accordynge to the graunte of this Acte of Relief, & truelie answer to that I shall be examyned of touchynge the p’mysses w'out covyn or deceyte: So helpe me God and the holie contentes of this boke : And if any person that shoulde appere, be excused in fourme aforesaid by witnes of credyble persons, the same psones shalbe examyned by their othes of his or their greatist and best value and substaunce so lackynge and excused, and by the best of there certificate or knowlage or of the other fyrst certificate uppon hym or theym made, the same psone so lackynge and excused of his apparaunce to be set and rated by the said Comyssioners, or otherwise to be set and rated in this Case as shall seme best by the dyscretions of the said Comyssyoners; and if it happen to be proved, by witnes, his owne confession or other laufull wayes or meanes, wSn one yere after any suche othe made, that the same pson so taxed and sworn was of any greater or better value in goodes or other things above specified at the tyme of his said othe, then the same persone so swome dyd declare upon his othe, that then suche pson so offendynge shall lose and forfayte to the Kynge four tymes so moche in lawfull monye of Englonde as the same pson so swome was set and taxed at to paye for the said Relief. And if any person certified or rated by vertue of this Acte, be he Coinyssioner or other to any maner of value, do fynde hymself greyed w‘ the same presentment sessynge or taxinge and thereupon complayne to the Comyssyoners before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed, or before two of them, that then the said Comyssyoners shall by all wayes and meanes examyn particularlie and distynctlie the pson so complayn'nt and other his neighbours, by their discretion of every his goodes cattallf and debts above mencyoned, and after due examynation and parfett knowledge thcrof had and perceaved by the said Comyssioners which shall have power by auctorvtie afforesaid, the said Comyssioners or twoo of them, to whom any suche complaynt shalbe made by their discretions upon the othe of the said pson so complaynynge, maye abate defaulke encrease or enlarge the same assessement, accordinge as it shall appere to theym just uppon the said examynacion ; and the same some so abated defaulked encreassed or enlarged by theym to be streated in fourme as hereafter ensuythe; so that he come before the extreates of the said assessynge be delyvered by the said Comyssyoners into the Kyngf Exchequer ; and if it be proved by witnes, his owne confessyon, or other lawfull wayes or meanes w'in a yeare after any suche othe made, that the same person so taxed and sworne was of any greater or better value in goodes or other things above specified at the tyme of his said othe, then the same pson so sworne dyd declare uppon his said othe, that then every suche pson so offendynge shall lose and forfayte to the Kynge foure tymes so moche in lawfull monye of Englonde as the same pson so sworne was sett at or taxed to paye; And all psons set rated and taxed as is afforesaid shalbe bounde and charged by the same, and the some or somes uppon hym set to be due towardcs the payment of this Relief and to be levyed as hereafter shalbe specified.

Further Day for •tutting the said Relief

Proceeding! by the Commissioners against Person* suipected to be under-rated

Summoning such Panic* to appear, and he examined on Oath j

Double Rate chargeable on turh Persons refuting to appear

or appearing and

refuting to be stvorn;

Person* appearing shall be examined on Oath;

Form of Oath.

How Persons excused from Appearance shall be rated.

Penalty on Evasion by Persons to •worn. Quadruple Rate;

Persons over rated may appeal to Commitsionert who may relieve them:

Penalty on Evasion by such Persons, Quadruple Rate.

D

84

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

A.D. 1548.

XV.

All Persons shall be rated where they were usually or lut retident.

XVI.

Persons rated in two Places, and claiming Relief, shall produce Certificate of their being rated ; and the highest Rate shall be levied

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, Double Rate, fcc.

XVII.

Assessors shall he rated by Commissioners, and Commissioners by each other.

Peers and Peeresses shall be charged by the Lord Chancellor, &c.

XVIII.

Commissioners shall deliver .Schedules of Assessment to Constables, &c.

And it is also enacted by the said auctorytie, that eVerye pson yerelie dUrynge the said thre yeares, as is afforesaid, shall be rated taxed and set, and the some on hym set to be levyed, at suche place where he and his famylie at the tyme of the same Presentment to be made shall kepe his house or dwellinge, or where he then shalbe most conversaunte abydynge or resyaunte or shall have his moste resort, and shalbe best knowen at the tyme of the said Certificate to be made, and no where else; And that no Comyssyoner for this Relief of Goodes shalbe rated or taxed for his Goodes but in the Shire Cittie or other place where he dwellythe and is Comyssyoner; And if any pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the said assessynge, happen to be out of this Realme, and out of Wales, or ferre from the place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was last abydynge in this Realme or wHn Wales and best knowen: And after the substaunce and value of every pson knowen by the examynation certificate and other maner of wyse as is afforesaid, the said Comyssyoners or as manye of theym as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion, shall after the Rate afforesaid set and taxe every psone accordynge to the Rate of substaunce and value of his Goodes and Cattallf wherby the greatest and most best sdme accordinge to his most substaunce by reason of this Acte, ought or maye be set or taxed.

Be it also ordeyned by the said auctorytie, that no pson havynge two mancions, or two places to resorte unto, or callynge hymself householde s'v*nte or waytinge s'v*nte to the Kyngf Highnes, his Graces systers, or to any noble man or woman, shalbe excused uppon his sayenge from the taxe of the said Relief in neyther of the places where he may be sett, onles he brynge a Certifycate in wrytynge from the Comyssyoners, where that he is so sett in deade at one place; And if any happen to be sett in two places, uppon Certificate therof made, the best and most some uppon hym so taxed to be taken and abyde, and the other to be dyscharged, so that the same Certificate of his assessynge and payment be made therof in wrytynge under the Seales of the Comyssyoners or of as many of theym as shalbe appointed by the Kyngf Comyssyon, whiche Certificate so made shalbe at altymes a suffyeient dyscharge for hym and the Collectour Of the same, aswell ageynst any Collectour that shall demaunde the same uppon hym rated or taxed, as ageynst the Kynge and all other psons: And if any pson that ought to be sett, by reason cf his removynge or resortinge to two places, or by reason of his sayenge that he els where was taxed, or by reason of any Pryvyledge by his dwellynge or abydynge in any place not beinge forprysed in this Acte, or any other wyse by his covyn or crafte happen to escape from the yerelie assessynge and be not sett, and that proved by Presentment examynacion or informacion before the said Comyssyoners or as many of theym as shalbe by the same Comyssion appoynted, or by the Barons of the Kyngf Exchequer or two Justices of the Peace of that Countrie, where suche pson dwellithe, then every suche pson that by suche meanes or other wise wylfully by covyn shall happen to escape from the assessynge of the said [Relief,1] or of any of theym, and not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged uppon the knowlage and prose therof w* and at the double value that he shoulde or ought to have byn set at affore, accordynge to his behavour, the same double value to be levyed gathered and payde of his Goodes and cattallf lands and tenementf towardes the said Relief; and further to be punyshed accordynge to the discrecions of the Barones Justices or C5myssyoners before whom he shalbe convycted for his offense and dysceyte in that behalf.

And it is further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie afforesaid, that not onelie every Assessour shalbe rated taxed and assessed yerelie durynge the saide thre yeares for the value of his Goodes and Catalles by the Comyssyoners or the most part of theym by whom he is appointed to be an Assessour, but also that every Comyssyoner assygned and deputed for the ordrynge taxinge ratynge and levyenge of this Relief graunted to the Kyngf Ma*1' of xij d. of the Pounde of the value of every mans Goodes dwellyng w‘in the Precyncte and lymitte of his Comyssyon, for his owne substaunce in Goodes shalbe sessed taxed valued and rated yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, by the examynacion taxacion and sessynge of the rest of the Comyssyoners named in the same Comyssyon or the most parte of theym, after suche value of his Goodes and Catallf as is mencyoned in this Acte: And that all psons of the estate of a Baron or Baronesse not beinge maryed, and every estate above shalbe examyned and charged of the payment of this Relief of their Goodes before the Lorde Chauncellor the Lorde Thesarour of Englonde and Lorde Prevye Seale for the tyme beinge or other persons by the Kyngf auctorytie to be lymyted -, and they to be charged yerely durynge the said thre yeares for their Goodes and substaunce accordynge to theyr examynation aforesaid ; and the somes uppon theym sett w‘ the names of the Collectours appoynted for the gatherynge and payenge of the same, be extreated delyvered and certified at dayes and places above specified by the said Chauncello' Thesaurour and Lorde Prevye Seale for the tyme beinge or suche other persons as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Highnes.

And it is further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesaid, that after the taxes and assessmentf of the said somes, uppon and by the said examynation and certyfycat as is afforesaid made, the said Comyssyoners shall yerelye duringe the said thre yeares, w'in ten dayes next after the taxacion and assessement of payment of the said Reliefes, by wrytynge indented to be made of the said taxacion and assessement under the seales and signes manuellf of the said Comyssyoners, delyver unto sufficyent and substauncyall Inhabytauntf Costables Subconstables Bayllyff or other Offycers joyntlie of hundredes townes pyshes and other places afforesaid within their lymytes, or to other suffyeient psons inhabytauntf of the same onlie, by the dyscretion of the same Comyssyoners and as the place and parties shall requyer, aswell the particuler names and surnames as the remembraunce of all s5mes of monye taxed and -t and uppon everye person aswell man as woman chargeable to this acte, householderf and all other inhabytauntf and dwellers, and all Fratemyties Guyldes Corporations Mysteryes Brotherhoddes Companyes and Comyn dties corporat or not corporat within the said Paryshes Townes and Places contributorye to this Acte of Relief; By auctorytie of whiche

1 Reliefs Printed Copies.

A.D.\548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

85

i

t

i

i

i

T

k

i

I

r

wrytynge or estreate so delyvered, the said offycers or other persons so named and deputed severallye, shall have full power and auctorytie by vertue of this Acte immedyatlie after the delyverye of the saide wrytinge or estreate, to demaunde levie and gather of every pson and Fraternytie Guylde Corporation Mystery Brotherhod Companye and Comynalde corporat or not corporat therin specified the some or somes in the same wrydnge or estreate comprysed: And for non payment therof to dystreyne the goodes and catallf of suche pson fraternyde Guylde Corporation Mysterye Brotherhod Companye and Comynalde corporat or not corporat, and the dystresse so taken to kepe by the space of eight dayes at the costes and chargf of the Owner therof; And if the said owner do not paye suche sdme of moneye as shalbe taxed by this acte w'in the same eight dayes, than the said dystresse to be apprysed by foure thre or two of the inhabytauntf where suche distresse is taken, and also to be solde by the said Constable and other Collectour for the payment of the said monye, and the overplus comynge of the sale and kepynge therof (if any be) to be immedyatlie

restored to the owner of the same dystresse; whiche said officers and other p6ons so deputed to aske take gather and

levye the said somes, shall answere and be charged for their porcion onlie to theym assigned or lymyted to be gathered levyed and comprysed in the said wrydnge or estreate, to theym as is aforesaid delivered, unto thuse of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kynge his heyres and successors and the said some in that wrytynge or estreate comprysed, to paye unto the highe Collectour or Collectors of that place for the Collection of the same, in maner and fourme under wrytten to be named and deputed, and the same inhabytauntf and offycers so gatherynge the same pardculer somes for ther Collection therof shall reteyne for every twentie shyllyngf so by theym resceyved and paid, two pens, and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by theym to be made to the highe Collectour or Collectors.

Provided alweys and be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesaid, that if any pson, not beinge the Kyngf subjecte naturallye borne, denysyn or not denysyn, beinge above thage of xij yeares and not worthe xx s. in goodes, and be at the tyme of the payment of the Reliefs of viij d. due by this acte of every suche pson, or at any tyme drynge the said thre yeares in servyce w‘ any man or woman, or under the govViaunce of his or her lather or mother, that every suche master or maisterys father or mother shalbe charged w' the payment therof for suche pson, in lyke maner and fourme as he or she is or ought to be for the Reliefs due by theymselfes, and that it shalbe lefull for every suche Master or Maysterys to deiaulke abate and reteyne of the wagis of suche S'v*nt so moche as he or

she had before paid for suche SVnt towardes the payment of the said Reliefs.

And further be it enacted by the said auctorytie of this present Parlyament, that the said Comyssyoners shall yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, name suche sufficient and able psons, whiche than shall have and possede landes or other heredytamentf in their owne right of the yerelie value of ten pounde, or goodes to the value of an hundreth marke at the least. And the same psons severallie by the discrecions of the same Comyssyoners, in Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes corporat and other whatsoever places aswell w*in places pryvyleged as w'out, not being forprysed in this Acte, to be highe Collectoures and have the Collection and Receipte of the said somes set and levyable withein the precincte lymytes and boundes where they shalbe so lymyted to gather and resceyve; to every of the whiche Collectours so severallye named, the said Comyssyoners, or two of theym at the least, yerelie durynge the said thre yeares w'in xij dayes next after the said hole some of the said Reliefs shalbe set and rated by all the lymytes of the same their Comyssyon or in suche lymytes as the highe Collectours shalbe so severallie assygned, shall under their seales and sygnes manuell delyver one estreate indented in Parchement to every of the same highe Collectours comprysynge in it the names of all suche psons as wer assigned to levie the said particular somes, and the somes of everye hundred wapentake towne or other place afforesaid, withe the names and s'names of the psons so chargeable, accordynge to the Estreate so fyrst therof made (as is beforesaid) and delyvered, and the Collectour so to be assigned shalbe charged to answere the hole some comprysed in the said estreate lymyted to his collection as is afforesaid.

Provyded alweyes and be it enacted by the auctoritie aforesaid, that the said Comyssyoners havynge auctorytie by this acte to name the said highe Collectours of the said Reliefs yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, shall immedyatlie uppon their nomynacion and eleccion take by auctorytie of this present Parlyament, sufficient recognysaunces or obligations w'out any fee or rewarde to be payde therfore, of every pson so by theym to be named to be highe Collectour to be bounden to the Kynge in the double some of the some of his Collection and to be endorced and made uppon suche condycion, that if the said Collectour his heyres or executours do truelie content and paye to the use of the Kynge his heyres or executours in his receipte of his Exchequer, before the daye appoynted by this Acte, so moche of the said some of moneye allotted and appoynted to his Collection as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the resydue of his Collection and charge w'in one monethe next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same resydue,

that then the said Recognysaunce or obligacion to be voyde or else to stande in his full strength and vertue;

whiche recognysaunce or obligacion so taken, the said Comyssyoners shall certifie and delyver into the Kyngf Exchequer withe the certificat of the said taxacion and rate of the said Relief, at and by the tyme to theym prescrybed and appoynted by this Acte, uppon peyn of forfayture of ten pounde to the Kynge for everye Recognysaunce or obligacion not certified: And that every suche Collectour so elected named and chosen, uppon request to hym made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognysaunce or obligacion uppon lyke peyn and forfayture of ten pounde to the Kynge for the refused therof: And every suche Collectour so yerelie deputed havynge the said Estreate in Parchement as is aforesaid, shall have auctorytie by this Acte yerelie durynge the said thre yeares to appoynte dayes and places within the circute of his collection for the payment of the said Relief to hym to be made, and therof to gyve warnynge by proclamacion or otherwise to all the said Constables or other psons or inhabytauntes, havynge the charge of the pticuler Collection w'in the hundreds paryshes townes or other places by hym or theym lymyted, to make payment for their said pticuler

Collection of every some as to theym shall apperteygne; And if at the said daye and place so lymyted and prefixed

who shall collect the Surat rated, accordingly;

with Power to levy the Mine by Dittrett and Sale, kc.

Collectors shall be answerable only for their own District!;

and shall pay the Suras levied to the High Collectors, retaining ad. per Pound for Collection.

XIX.

Matter!, kc. shall be answerable for the Relief of 8d. for Alien Servant!.

XX.

High Collectors shall be named by Commissioners, to receivr the Sums allotted in each District by the Constables, &c.

XXI. Commissioners shall take Security from High Collectors, by Recognisance j

to be certified into the Exchequer j Penalty ^io.

High Collectors shall appoint Days for Payment to them of the Sums levied by the Constables, kc. and in Default may distrain for the same.

di Go

86

2°& 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

A.D. 1548.

XXII. Assessors and Collector! in Cities, &c. shall be Residents.

XXIII.

If Collectors or Parties chargeable die, without leaving sufficient Goods, ire. the Collectors shall be discharged:

Warrant shall be granted by Commissioner! to levy the Sums from Lands, &c. of the Party chargeable in the Possession of Farmers,

Lessees, &c.

by the said Collectour, the said Constables Officers or other psons or inhabytauntf (as is aforesaid) for the said pdculer Collection appoynted and assigned w'in suche Hundred Cittie Towne or other Place, do not paye unto the said Collectours the some w'in their sePall Hundredes Townes Paryshes and other places due and comprysed in the said estreatf thereof to theym delyvered by the said Comyssyoners as is beforesaid, or so moche therof as they have by any mean receyved, (two pens of every pounde for the said particuler collection as is beforesaid alweyes to be therof alowed excepted and abated,) that than it shalbe lawfull to the said highe Collectours and every of theym and to their assignes to dystraygne every of the said Constables Officers and other inhit*untf for their said sev’all and particuler Collection of the saide somes, comprysed in the said estreate and wrytinge therof to them and every of them as is before expressed delyvered, or for asmoche of the same some as so than shall happen to be gathered and levyed beinge behynde and unpaide, by the goodes and cattallf of every of them so beinge behynde, and the dystresse so taken to be kepte appreysed and solde as is aforesaid, and therof to take and levie the some so then beinge behynde and unpaid, and the overplus comynge of the sale of the said dystresse (if any be) to be restored and delyvered unto the owner in fourme above remembred.

Provyded alweyes that no pson inhabyted in any Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to be an Assessour or Collectour, of or for any parte of the said Relief, in any place or places out of the said Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporat where he dwellithe.

And it is also by the said auctorytie enacted, that if any Inhabytaunte or Officer or what soev* pson or psons charged to and for the collection or receipte of any parte or porcion of the said Relief in any of the said thre yeares, by any maner of mean accordynge to this Acte, or any pson or psons for theym selves or as Keper Deputie Factour or Attoumeye of and for any other pson or psons of any Goodes and Catalies, and the Owner therof at the tyme of the said assessynge to be made beinge out of this Realme or in any other parties not knowen, or of and for the goodes and catalies of any other pson or psons or of any Corporation Fratemytie Guylde Mysterye Companye or other what soever Comynaltie, beinge incorporat or not incorporate, and all psons havynge in their rule governaunce or custodie any goodes or cattalles at the tyme of the said assessynge or any of theym to be made, or whiche for any cause for and by collection or for hymself or for any other, or by reason that he hathe the rule govern*nce or custodie of any goodes or catalies of any other pson or psons Fratemyte Guylde Corporation Comynaltie Companye or Mysterye or any suche other lyke, or as factour deputie or attoumey of or for any pson shalbe taxed rated valued and set to any some or somes by reason of this acte, and after the taxacion or assessynge uppon any suche pson or pson as shalbe charged withe the Receipte of the same happen to die or departe from the place where he was so taxed and set, or his goodes and catallf to be so eloyned or in suche previe and couverte maner kepte, as the said pson or psons charged w‘ the same by extreates or other wrytynge from the said Comyssyoners cannot ne maye levie the same some or somes comprysed wlin their said estreates by distresse w'in the lymytes of their Collection as is beforesaid, or cannot sell suche dystresse or dystresses as be taken for any of the said yerelie paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the highe Collectour for his payment to be made in the Kyngf Receypte, then uppon relacion therof made w' due examynacion by the othe or examynacion of suche pson or psons as shalbe charged w’ and for the Receypte and Collection of the same, before the said Comyssyoners or one of theym, or before the highe Collectour or Collectours where suche pson or psons or other as is afforesaid their goodes and cattalles were sett and taxed, and uppon playne .certificate therof made into the Kyngf Exchequer by the same Comyssyoners or any one of theyin, or uppon the othe of one of the highe Collectours in the said Courte of Exchequer of the dwellynge place names and somes of the said psons of whome the said somes cannot be levyed and had as is beforesaid, then aswell the Constables and other inhabytauntf appoynted for the pticuler collection ageynst the highe Collectours, as the highe Collectour uppon his accompte and othe in the said Exchequer, to be dyscharged therof, and proces to be made for the Kynge out of the said Exchequer by the dyscrecons of the Barons of the said Exchequer ageynst suche pson his heyres or executours so beinge behynde w’ hys payment: And over that the same Comyssioners to whom any suche declaration of the premysses shalbe made in fourme aforesaid, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and auctoryte durynge the said thre yeares, to dyrecte their precepte or preceptes unto the said pson or psons charged w' any some of for or uppon any suche pson or psons or other as is abovesaid, or to any Shireff Stewardes Bayllyff or other whatsoever Officer mynyster pson or psons of suche place or places where any suche pson or psons so owinge suche some or somes shall have landes and tenements or other heredytamentf or reall possessyons goodes or cattalles, wherby any such pson or psons so indebted his heires executours or assygnes or other havynge the Custodie govern*nce or dysposicion of any goodes catalies landes tenementf or other heredytamentf, whiche ought or maye by this acte lawfullye be dystreigned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have goods catalies landes tenementf and other possessyons, wherof suche some or sdmes whiche by any suche pson or psons may or ought to be levyed, be it w'n the lymyte of suche Comyssion where suche pson or psons was or were taxed or w*out, in any place w'in this Realme of Englonde Wales or other the Kyngf Domynyons Marches or Tyrorytoryes, by whiche precepte aswell suche pson or psons as shalbe charged to levye suche monye, as the offycers of the place or places where suche dystresse may be taken, shall have full power and auctorytie to dystreygne everye suche pson indebted charged or chargeable by this Acte, or his Executours or Admynystratours of his goodes and catallf his factours deputies leesses fermours and assygnes, and all other psons by whose hands or out of whose lands any suche pson shoulde have rent fee anuytie or any other profytt, or whiche at the tyme of the said assessynges shall have goodes or catalies or any other thinge movable of any suche pson or psons beinge indebted or oweinge suche some, and the Distresse so taken to cause to be kepte appreised and solde in lyke maner and forme as is aforesaid for the dystresse to be taken uppon psons to be taxed to the said Relief, and beinge sufficient to dystrayne within the lymytes of the Collectours Inhabytauntf or other officers charged w' or for the same somes so uppon theym to be taxed;

Go

A.D. 1548

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

87

and if any suche dystresse for non payment happen to be taken oute of the lymyte of the psont charged and assigned to lerye the same, the p6ons so charged for the levyenge of every suche some by dystresse, shall pceyve and take of the same dystresse for the labour of every pson goinge for the execution therof, for every myle that any suche pson so iabourethe for the same two pens; And every farmour tenaunt factour or other what so ever pson beinge dystreigned or otherwise charged for payment of any suche some or sdmes or any other some by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche s5me or sdmes, of hym or theym so levyed and taken, dyscharged and acquyted at his next day of payment of the same, or at the delyverye of suche goodes and catallf as he that is so dystreygned had in his custodie or govemament ageynst hym or theym that shalbe so taxed and set; any graunt or writinge obligatorie or other what soever matter to the contrary made heretofore notw'stondinge: And if any suche pson that shoulde be so dystreyned have no lands or tenementf sufficient wherbye he or his tenauntf and farmours maye be dystreygned, or hathe eloyned alyened or hyd his goodes and catalles wherby he shoulde or myght be dystreygned, in suche maner, that suche goodes and catalles shalnot be knowen or founde, so that the some by hym to be paid in the said forme shall ne canne be convenyentlie levyed, Than uppon relacion therof unto the Comyssyoners where suche pson or psons was taxed and set, by the othes of hym or them that shalbe charged with the levye and payment of that some or s5mes, the same Comyssyoners shall make a precepte in suche maner as is afforesaid, for to attache take and arrest the bodie of suche pson or psons that ought to paye the said somes, and by this acte shalbe charged w' and for the same some or somes, and theym so taken safelie to keape in pryson w'in the Shire or other place where any suche pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, there to remayne w'out bayle or maynpryse untyll he have paid the s5me or somes that suche psons for hymself or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged w'all, and also for the Fees of every suche arrest, to hym or theym that shall execute suche precepte twentie pens ; and that every offycer unto whome suche precepte shalbe directed, do his true diligence to execute the same uppon every pson so beynge indebted, uppon payne to forfaytc to our said Soveraigne Lorde the Kynge for every defaulte in that behalf xx s. And that no keaper of any Gayle from his Gayle suffer any suche pson to goo at large by lettynge to bayle, or otherwise to departe out of his pryson, before he have paid his said debte, and the said xx d. for the said arrest, uppon payne to forfayte to our Sov'aigne Lorde sortie shillingf, and the same Gayler to paye unto our said Soveraigne Lorde the double value aswell of the rate, whiche the said pson so imprysoned was taxed at, as of the said xxd. for the Fees; and lyke processe and remedie in lyke forme shalbe graunted by the said Comyssyoners, at lyke informacion of every pson or psons beinge charged with any sdme of money for any other pson or p6ons by reason of the said Reliefs every of the said thre yeares and not therof paid, but wilfully withdrawen, ne the same levyable within the lymyte where suche pson was therunto taxed; And if the sume or somes beinge behynde unpaid by any pson or psons as is beforesaid be levyed and gathered by force of the said processe to be made by the same C5myssioners, or if in defaulte or for lacke of payment therof the pson or psons so owinge the said some or somes of monye by processe of the same Comyssyoners to be made (as is aforesaid) be comytted to pryson in fourme abovesaid, that then the said Comyssyoners, whiche shall awarde suche processe, shall make cerdficat therof in the said Exchequer of that shalbe done in the premysses, in the Terme next followenge after suche some or somes of monye so beynge behynde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche pson or p6ons for non payment of the same comytted to pryson.

And if it happen any of the said Collectours to be assygned, or any May re Sheref Stewarde Constables Hedboroughes [Householder'] fiayllif or any other Officer or Mynyster, or other what so ever pson or psons, to dysobeye the said C5myssyoners or any of theym in the reasonable request to them made by the said Comyssioners for yerelie execucion of the said Comyssyon durynge the said thre yeares, or if any of the Officers or other psons do refuse that to theym shall apperteyne or belonge -to do by reason of any Precepte to hym or theym to be directed, or any reasonable edmaundement instance or request touchynge the Premysses or other defaulte in any apparaunce or collection do make, or if any pson beyng suspecte or not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaid, do refuse to be examyned accordynge to the tenour of this Acte before the said Comyssyoners or as many of theym as shalbe therunto assygned as is aforesaid, or will not appere before the same Comyssyoners upon wamynge to hym made, or else make resystaunce or rescous uppon any dystresse uppon hym to be taken for any pcell of the said Relief, or comytte any mysbehavour in any maner of wise contrary to this Acte, or c5myt any wylfull omyssyon or other what so ever wylfull non doynge or mysdoynge contrary to the tenour of this Acte or Graunte, the same Chmyssyoners or two of theym at the least, uppon probable knowlage of any suche mysdemeanours had, by information or examinacion shall and may sett uppon every suche Offendour for every suche Offence in name of a fyne by the same Offendour to be forfayted, twentie shillingf or under, by the discretion of the same C5myssioners : And further the said Comyssioners and every noinber of theym to two of theym at the least, shall have auctoryte by this present plyament to punyshe everye suche Offendour by imprysonment there to remayne and to be delyvered by their dyscretion as shall seme to theym convenyent; the said Fynes (if any suche be) to be certified by the said Comyssioners that so assessed the same into the said Kyngf Exchequer, there to be levyed and paid by the Collectours of that parties for the said Reliefs retourned into the said Exchequer, to be them/ charged w‘ the payment of the said Reliefs in suche maner as if the said Fynes had byn set and taxed uppon the said Offendours for the said Reliefs.

It is also enacted by the said auctorytie of this present Parlyament, that every of the said Highe Collectours whiche shall accompte for any parte of the said Reliefs in the Kyngf Exchequer, uppon their sev'all said accompf to be yelden, shalbe allowed yerelie durynge the said thre yeares, for every pounde lymyted to his Collection whereof any suche Collectour shalbe charged and yelde accompte, syxe pens, as pcell of their said charge; that is to saye, two pens of every

1 Bursholder Printed Copies.

And in Default thereof to itr.nrisoa the Party without Bail, See.

Penalty on

G-olers. &c. lor Neglect.

Like Proviao against Trustees,

Sec.

Such Proceedings shall be certi.iea into ti.e Exchequer.

xxiv.

Commissioners empowered to fine and imprison Collectors, &c. guilty of Neglect, and Parties

refusing to appear, Sec.

XXV. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound f or themselves, the Sub Collectors, and Commissioner*

A.D. 1548

88

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c.36.

XXVI. Commissioners shall not be Collector*, fcc.

No Fees *t the Exchequer against Collectors, See.

XXVII. Commissioners shall meet and certify their Assessments, &c. into the Exchequer.

Where

Commissioners cannot agree, several Certificates may be made.

pounde therof for suche psons as then have had the pticuler Collection in the Townes and other Places (as is aforesaid) specified in his Collection, and other two pens of every pounde therof every of the said chief Collectors there accomptant to resceyve to theyre owne use for their labour and charge in and aboute the Premysses, and two pens of every pounde resydue to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collectours, so beinge therof allowed, to suche of the Comyssyoners as shall take uppon theym the busynes and labour for and aboute the Premysses, that is to saye, every Collectour to paye that ComysSer or Comyssyoners whiche had the ordrynge and the wrytingf of and for the said Relief? where the said Collectour or Collectours had their Collection, for expenses of the said Comyssyoners so takynge uppon theym the said busynes and labour of their Clerk? wrytynge the said Precept? and estreatf for the said Collections, the same last two pens of every pound to be devyded amongest the said Comyssyoners, havynge regarde to the labour and busynes taken by theym and their said Clerk? in and aboute the Premysses; for whiche parte so to the said Comyssioners atteynynge, the said CSmyssioners and everye of theym joyndie and severallie for his or their said parte may have his remedie ageynst the said Collectour or Collectours whiche therof byn and myght have byn alowed by accion of Debte, in whiche the defendaunt shall not wage his Lawe, nether Proteccion or other Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe beynge of the nomber of the Companye of this present Parlyament, nor any Comyssioner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collectour Sub Collectour or Presentour of the said Relief? or of any part therof, nor no Comyssioner shalbe compelled to make any Presentment or Certificat other then in the Kyng? Exchequer of for or concemynge the said Relief? or any parte therof, in any of the said thre yeres; and lykewise that none other pson that shalbe named or assigned to be Comyssioner in any place to and for the execution of this Acte of Relief? in any of the said thre yeares, be or shalbe assigned or named Hed Collectour in any of the same thre yeares of the said Relief? nether of any part therof; And that every suche pson or psons whiche shalbe named and appoynted (as is aforesaid) to be Hed Collectours in and for one of the said thre yeares, shall not be compelled to be Collectour for the other and last yeare: And the said Collectours which shalbe assigned for the Collection of the said Relief? or for any part thereof, and every of theym, be and shalbe acquyted and dyscharged of all maner Fees rewardes and of every other charge in the Kyng? Exchequer or elsewhere, of theym or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accompt? or any thinge concemynge the same, to be asked ; And that if any pson receyve and take any Fees rewardes or pleasures of any suche Accomptaunt, that then he shall forfayte to the Kynge for every penye or value of penye so taken, twentie pens and suffer imprysonement at the Kyng? pleasure.

And after the taxinge and assessynge of the said yerelie Relief? (as is beforsaid) had and made, and the said estreat? thereof in Parchement unto the Collectours in maner and fourme before rehersed delyvered, the said Comyssyoners whiche shall take uppon theym thexccution of this acte w'in the lymytes of their Comyssion by their agrement? shall have metyng? together, at whiche metynge every of the said Comyssyoners, whiche than shall have taken uppon theym the execution of any parte of the said Comyssyon, shall by hymself or by his sufficient Deputie trulie certifie and brynge for the unto the other Comyssioners named in the said Comyssion the Certificat and Presentment, made before hym and suche other Comyssyoners as were lymyted w* hym in one lymyte, so that the same certificat? may be accompted and cast withe other certificates of the other lymytes w'in the same Comyssion ; and then the said Comyssioners and every nomber of theym unto two at the least as is aforesaid if they be in lyfe, or their Executours or admynystratours of their goodes if they be then dead, shall joyntlie and severallie as they were devyded w'in their lymytes under their seales yerelie durynge the said thre yeares by their dyscretion make one or severall writyng? indented, conteygnynge in it aswell the names of the said Collectours by the Comyssyoners for suche Collection and Accompte in the Exchequer and payment in the said Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall somes wrytten unto every suche Collectour to resceyve the said Relief?, and also all Fynes Amercyament? and other Forfaytures, if any suche by reason of this Acte happen to be within the precincte and lymyte of theyr Comyssyon, to be certified into the Kyng? Exchequer by the said Comyssyoners yerelie durynge the said thre yeares before the dayes of payment therof at the said Receipte lymyted and appoynted j In whiche writinge or writyng? indented, so to be certified, shalbe playnlie declared and expressed aswell the hole and intier s5me and somes of the said Relief? severallie lymyted to the Collection of the said Collectours, as the Names of the said Collectours severallye deputed and assigned to the Collection of the said somes; so that none of the said Collectours so certified in the said Exchequer shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be charged, but onelie to and for the some lymyted to his Collection and not to or for any some lymyted to the collection of his Fellowes, but that every of theym shall be severally charged for their partes lymyted to their Collection: And if the said Comyssioners joyned in one Comyssion emongest theym self? in that matter cannot agre, or if any of theym be not redie or refuse to make Certificat w' other of the same Comyssyoners, that then the same Comyssyoners maye make severall Indentures (in fourme aforesaid) of their severall lymytes or separations of Collectours within the lymytes of their Comyssion, uppon and in the Hundredes Wardes Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or suche other lyke dyvysions w'in their said severall lymytes of their Comyssion, as the places there shall requyer to be severed and devyded, and as to the same Comyssyoners shall seme to make dyvysyons of their lymytes or Collections for the severall charg? of the same Collectours; so that alwaye one Collectour shalbe charged and accompte for his parte to hym to be lymyted onelie by hymself, and not for any some lymyted to the parte of any of his Fellowes, and the charge of every of the Collectours to be sett and certified severallye uppon theym, and every suche Collectour uppon his accompte and payment of the somes of money lymyted within his Collection to be severallye by hymself acquyted and dyscharged in the said Exchequer, without payenge any maner of fees or rewardes to any pson or psons for the same, uppon the peyn and penaltie last abovesaid and not to be charged for any porcion of any other Collectours,

Gcm

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36

89

And if any Comyssyoner, after he hathe taken Certificat of theym that (as is aforesaid) shall before any suche Comyssyoner be examyned, and the somes rated and sett and the bookes and wrytingf therof beinge in his handes, or if any Collectour or other person charged withe any Receipte of any parte of any of the said Reliefs or any other peon taxed or otherwyse by this Acte charged w' and for any pcell of the said Reliefs, or wythe any other somes for Fyne Amerciament penaltie or other forfayture, happen to die before suche Comyssyoner Collectour or other what so ever peon or peons have executed accomplyshed satysfied or sufficientlie discharged it whiche to every suche pson shall apperteigne or belonge to do accordynge to this Acte, than the executours and heyres of every suche pson, and all other seased of any Landes or Tenementes, that any suche pson beinge charged by this Acte, and deceassinge before he be discharged therof, or any other to his use onlie had of Estate of enherytaunce at the tyme that any suche pson was named Comyssyoner Collectour, or in any other wyse charged w' and for any maner of thynge to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Acte, and all these that have in their possessions or handes any Goodes or Catalles that were to any suche person at the tyme of his deathe, Lands or Tenementf that were the same psons at the tyme that he was (as is aforesaid) charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplyshe in every case as the same pson so beinge charged shoulde have done and myght have byn compelled to do if he had byn lyvynge, after suche Rate of the Landes and Goodes of the said Comyssyoner or Collectour as the parrie shall have in his handes.

And if the same Comyssyoners for causes reasonable them movynge shall thynke it not convenyent to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid, then the said pson or psons that shall first joyne together, or he that shall fyrst certefie the said wrytynge indented as is aforesaid, shall certefie all the names of the Comyssyoners of that Comyssion whereuppon suche wrytynges shalbe there than to be certified, w’ dyvysions of the Hundredes Wapentakes Wardes Tythyngf or other Places to and amonge suche Comyssyoners of the same Comyssyon w' the names of the same Comyssyoners where suche separacions and dyvysions shalbe, w' the grosse somes of moneye, aswell of and for the said Reliefs taxed or set of or w'in the said Hundredes Wardes Wapentakes or other Places to hym or theym devyded or assigned that shall so certefie the said fyrste wrytynge, as of Fynes Amercyamentf Penalties and other Forfaytures if any happen to be w'in the same Lymytes wherof the same writings shalbe certified: And after suche writinge indented whiche (as is aforesaid) shalbe certified and not conteyne in it the whole and full s5mcs set and taxed w'in the lymytes of the same Comyssion, the other Comyssyoners of the same, every of the said thre yeares before the day of payment of the said Reliefs at the said Receipte lyinyted and appoynted by this Acte, shall certefie into the said Exchequer by their writinge or writings indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and Severall somes sett and taxed w'in the Places to theym lyinyted for the said Reliefs, and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfaytures, w* the names of the Hundredes Wardes Wapentakf and other Places to theym assigned, or els by their said wrytyngf indented to certefie at the said Place before the day of payment therof at the said Receipte as is aforesaid, resonable causes for their excuses whie they may not make suche Certificat of and for the said Reliefs, w' Fynes Amercyamentf Penalties and other Forfaytures growenge or set by reason of the causes of their Lettf or of their non certifienge, as is abovesaid; or else in defaulte therof Proces to be made out of the Kyngf Exchequer ageynst the said Comyssyoners, and every of theym not makynge Certificat as is aforesaid, by the discretion of the Thesaurour and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provyded alweyes that if any pson or psons chargeable to this Relief of payment for his Goodes, shall happen at any tyme durynge the said thre yeares to be sett or presented in two or mo places then one, and the same beinge certified into the Kyngf Courte of Exchequer, that then the ptie or pties so sett or presented and certified, takynge a corporall othe before the Barons of the Kyngf Exchequer, or before any two of them, or before any pson or psons beinge auctorysed by Comyssyon to be dyrectid from the said Barons or any of theym, whiche Comyssion or Comyssyons the said Barons or two of them shalbe auctorysed and have full power and auctorytie to make by this Acte, that he or they is or be the same self pson or psons so set, and that he or they is or be set or presented in two or mo places then one, and that he or they have then byn, by the space of one yeare next before the takynge of the said othe, more conversant and dwellinge in any one of the same Places where he or they shall so happen to be set or presented then in the other, that then the partie or pties so set or presented in two or mo placis then one and so takynge his othe, w'out any other pie in wrytynge, shalbe clerelie discharged ageynst the Kynge his heyres and successours of every of the said Assessementf and Presentmentes, savyng onlie of the Assessement and Presentment in the Place where he or theye was or were most conv'saunt and dwellinge (as is beforesaid).

And be it also enacted by the auctorytie aforesaid, that the Barons of the Kyngf Exchequer, or two of them for the tyme beinge, shall not onlie have full power and auctorytie to receyve and take the othe of suche ptie or pties as shalbe so sett or presented in any mo places than one, but shall also upon the same othe or othis so taken, discharge the pde and pties of all suche somes of moneye as he or they shoulde be in any wise charged w', savynge onlie of suche somes of moneye as the same ptie or pties were so sessed at in suche place and placis where he or they were most conPsaunte and dwellynge as is afforesaid.

And to thentent the Kings Ma,k maye be truelye and justly answered of the seyd Relyf of the Polle of Shcepe before by us graunted to his Highnes, be it ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforeseyd, that yercly duringe the seyd thre yeres before the first daie of Maye, tiler shalbe a Comyssion w* ten cedules conteynyng in them the tenour of this Acte to be annexed to suche Comyssion directed under the Kings Great Seale of England into ePy Countie Shier Riding Cytye Borough Towne Corporat and the Isle of Wight, and into all and everye other Place w'in this Realme and other the Kings I>nyons that ys or shalbe chargeable to the payment of the seyd Relyef of the Polle of Sheepe, to suche psoncs as the same yere before wer Comyssioners for the Assessement and taxacion of the value of ev’y psones

XXVIII. Executor*, See. of Commiationera, Collector*, lee. dying, shall complete the Duty required of them.

XXIX.

Form of the fir*t Certificate where *ome Commissioner* do not join therein ; Certificate of such Commissioners:

Process against them for Default.

XXX. Partie* doubly charged may apply to the Court of Exchequer for Relief.

XXXI.

Court of Exchequer empowered to grant *uch Relief.

XXXII.

Commissioner* for levying the Relief on Sheep j

90

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c.36.

A.D. 1548.

empowered to enquire by the Oath* of the Paraon, Constable, tcc. of the Number of Sheep kept in each Pariah, fcc.

XXXIII. Yearly Survey shall be nude of Sheep, by the Persona so sworn.

XXXIV. Penalty on removing Sheep, to avoid Assessment, Treble Rate

XXXV. Penalty on Persons refuting to attend or be sworn to such Inquiry, 40 s.

XXXVI. Commissioners shall compare the Assessment on Sheep, with that on the Goods of their Owner, and the Overplus resulting shall be levied accordingly.

Goodes and substaunce in the same Shiere or other Place, or to as many of them as shalbe then Iyvynge, and to suche other psons as the seyd Lorde Chauncello' and other w' hym before named shall name and appoynte; By the wch Comyssion the Comyssioners shall have full powre and auctoryde to enquier by the othes of the Psone Vicare or Curate and fouer or as many honest psones of ev*y pisshe village and hamlet w* the lymytes of their Comyssion, whereof the Constable Tythingman or Borsolder shalbe one, yf any Constable Tythingman or Borsolder be dwellinge in the same pisshe village or hamlet, and by the othes of as many other honest and dyscrete psones as they shall thinke convenyent or otherwyse, by suche meanes and pollicies as they shall thinke best, whereby the truyth maye appere of the nombre and natures of all and singler Sheepe beinge within the lymytes of ther Comyssion, whose they be, in what Towne or pisshe the Owner dwellyth, and of what rtate or degree he ys, and whether for the most parte of the yere they be kepte in sev'all pastures or sev’all ifishes or in Comens or Groundes comenly used to be dlled, the tenor of w*" othe hereafter foloweth: Ye shall diligently enquier and justly and truly present and certefie Us the Kings Comyssioners, what nombre of Ewes Wethers and other Shere Sheepe be win the lymytes of yor charge, whose they be, in whate Towne or pisshe the Owner dwelleth, of what condicion or degree he is and whether for the most parte of the yere they be kepte in sev'all Pastures or sev’all Mershes or in Comens or in Groundes comenly used to be tilled: as ye trust to be saved by the merytes of Chrystes Passion.

And yt ys also ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforeseyd, that yerelye duringe the seyd thre yeres, on the Tuesdaye after the feaste of the Nativitie of Seynt John Baptist, there shalbe a geSall surveye made of all and singter Sheepe in ev'y pisshe village and other place within this Realme the Isle of Wight and other the Kings Unyons, chargeable to the payment of this Relief of Sheepe, by suche psones as shalbe appoynted and sworn to do the same in maner and fourme before rehersed; And that uppon suche surveye evy Sheepe shalbe taken for a Shere Sheepe that ys at the tyme of the surveye of thage of one yere or more; albeyt the same Sheepe be not at that tyme shooren.

And yt is further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that yf any psone to thentent to defraude thexecution of this Statute, shall remove, the seyd daye of Surveye, his Sheepe, before the Surveye taken, frome the usuall place where they were comenly kepte for the moste parte of the yere, or els shall cause them or any parte of them to be conveyed to any other place whereby they shall not be surveyed, or whereby the Kinge shall lose any parte of the Relyef to hym geven by this Statute, that ev*y psone so offendinge shall forfayte and lose to the Kings Ma,le treble somoche as he ought to paie by vertue of this Statute.

And yt ys also ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that yf any psone sumoned to appere before the seyd Comyssioners do make defaulte havinge no reasonable excuse, or appering shall refuse to take the seyd othe, or takinge the seyd othe shall not diligently attend and endevour thexecution thereof, or shall not appere and make presentment before the seyd Comyssioners, at suche tyme and place as he shalbe appoynted, that e9y psone so offending for ePy suche defaulte shall forfayte and lose to the Kings Ma'* sortie shillingf.

And yt ys also ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that yerely duringe the seyd thre yeres, win one moneth next afitere the surveye of Sheepe and the p*sententes made by the Viewers of the Sheepe in maner and fourme as ys before declared, the Comyssioners in ePy Shiere or other place shall, all or the most parte, assemble them selfes together and conferr the p'sentmentes made before them of the Sheepe [win ’] the psentmentes before made of the value of the Goodes and Substaunce of all psones win the lymytes of their Comyssion; And that uppon suche Colationes of the presentmentes yf yt shall appere unto theym that any psone ys chargeable by vertue of this Acte to paie for the polle of his Sheepe, wdl before was not charged for his Goodes, or that yf any psone w'in the lymytes of their Comyssion be chargeable to paie more after the rate of the polle of his Sheepe psented before them, then he was before for the value of his substaunce of his Goodes, the seyd Comyssioners or the more parte of them as they shalbe devyded shall w'in one moneth next after suche assemble, by ther wrytingf indentyd to be signed and sealed by them, make fourth extreates of all and singter somes of moneye that any psone ought to paie for the rate of the polle of his Sheepe, not beinge before charged w' his Goodes, or for the ov’plus that any psone ought to paie for that the rate of the polle of his Sheepe dothe surmounte the paiment before made of the value of his Goodes; and the same writings shall not onlye delyver unto sufficient and substancyall Inhabitauntes Constables Sub Constables and other Officers and psones yoyntly, of Hundreds Townes pisshes and other places win the lymytes where the Owners dwell or have ther most usuall abidinge, to be levyed gathered and receyved of the Owner of suche Sheepe or his executoures or admynystrato's, but also shall in lyke maner delyver the lyke writinge to the Highe Collectour of the same lymyte to charge hime w* the receipte thereof of the Subcollectour or Subcollectours, and the paiment thereof at the Kings Receipte; and that the seyd Subcollectoures and Comyssioners shall not onlye have for ther laboures vj d. of ePy pounde cominge growinge and to be paied to the Kings Ma,ie for the Relyef of the polle of the Sheepe by vertue of this Acte, but also that they and e$y of theym shall have the lyke powre and auctorytie to gather and levie the same and all Fynes and Forfaytures comyng and growinge, for thexecution and gathering of this Relyef of the polle of Sheepe, by suche lyke waies and meanes as before in this Acte be lymyted and appoynted for the levyenge and gatheringe of the Relyef of Goodes; And that the sayd Comyssioners Collectoures and all and e$y other psone and psones shall behave order and use theymselfes, in all and ePy thinge concernyng thexecution of this parte of the Statute touchinge the leviinge and gatheringe of the Relyef of the polle of the Sheepe, as before in this Acte ys lymyted and appoynted for them to do, touchinge the Relyef of the Goodes, uppon lyke Paines Penalties and Forefaitures as be before declared in this Acte.

1 with Printed Copies.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 36.

91

Provydkd alweies and be yt ordeined and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that all and singier somes of moneye due to the Kings Ma"* of this Relyef of the polle of Sheepe, shalbe gathered by the Subcollectour or High Collectour of the lymytes where the Owner dwelleth, and in noon other Place.

And yt ys further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that the seyd Comyssioners for the surveye of the nombre and value of the Sheepe shall, yerely duringe the seyd thre yeres, make retourae and certyfycate into the Xingf Exchequier before the tenthe daye of October, aswell of the counterpaine of all and ePy extreates delyvered by them to the High Collectoures, as also of all and singter psentmentes made before them and of all and singter ther pcedingf concerninge the seyd Comyssion ; And that in thende of all and ev*y ther Certyficates they shall make speciall remembraunces and declarations of all and singler psones not dwellinge w'in the lymytes of ther Comyssion, that have Sheepe w'in the lymytes of the same Comyssion where suche psones dwell, and of what state and degree they be, what nombre and what kynd of Sheepe they be, and in what Grounds for the most parte of the yere they be kepte; And that uppon suche Retourne and Certyfycate of the Comyssion to be made by the Comyssioners for the survey of Sheepe, beinge conferred w' the Bokes of the Taxacion and value of the substaunce of ev*y psone, yf yt shall appere that the Kings Ma"' ought to have more by any meanes towarde the sayd Relyef then before was paied or payable, that then uppon an Extreat thereof to be made out of the seyd Courte of thexchequier to the High Collecto* of the Place where the Partie that ought to paie more dwelleth, the same Collectour shalbe therew* charged and shall gather and levye the same in lyke maner and fourme as he ought to do the rest of his Collections.

XXXVII. Relief on Sheep,

i hall be levied ooly where the Party dwell.

XXXVIII. Certificate of Aueument on Sheep shall be made yearly into the Exchequer, Src.

XXXIX.

For levying the Relief on Cloth., Commissioners for Auenment of Relief on Good, shall appoint Sworn Apprai>er« of the Value of auch Cloths.

And to thentent the Kings Ma'1* may be justly answeryd for the Relyef by Us before graunted of the price and value of all Clothes, Be yt ordeyned and enacted, that the Comyssioners to be appoynted for the taxacion of the Relyef of

the substaunce of evy psone, shall have full powre and auctorytie by vertue of this Acte & of their Comyssion as they

shalbe devyded, to name constitute and appoynte in ev*y Cytye Borough Towne Hundred and pisshe w'in the lymytes of their devysiones by ther dyscresions, suche and so many honest substanciall and dyscrete men to be prayseres of the sayd Clothes, chargeable to the payment of this Relyef of Clothes, as they shall thinke convenyent and necessarye, and them frome tyme to tyme to alter and put newe in ther places as they shall have occasion ; And that the sayd praysers before they take uppon them the appreysement of suche Clothes shalbe sworne in maner and fourme followinge;

Ye shall faythefully and truly esteme and set the just price and value of all suche Clothes as shalbe brought unto you to be viewed and preysed, as ye shall in yor consciences thinke the same worthe to be solde when they shalbe wrought, and the same shall not suffer to be delyvered out of yor custodye tyll ye have made of the Colour kynd and price thereof an entre, bothe in the booke of the Clothier and also of the Aulnageour or his Deputie, and sette

yor Handes or Markes declaringe who was the Owner of the Clothe and the kinde and price thereof: So hefpe

you God and by this Boke.

And yt ys also ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that all kinde of Clothes wdl frome and after the AJJ rl<^"A>l[ feast of the Nativitie of Seynt John Baptist next cominge, duringe the space of thre yeres then followinge shalbe made be nealed by the w'in this Realme or Wales, to be uttered and put to Sale, shalbe sealvd w* the Kings Seale remayninge in the custodye ^"^by »"ch of the Aulnageour or his Deputie or Deputies and praysed by two of the seyd prayseres at the least, and entred into Appraiser., the bookes hereafter in this Acte mencyoned, uppon peyne of forefayture of the same Clothe, thone halfe to the Kings Ma"* thother to the partie that shall sease the same.

XLI.

Two Book, shall be kept by the Aulnager and the Clothier, and the latter shall be yearly delivered by the Clothier to the Commissioner.; Penalty, Treble Rate.

And yt ys also enacted by thauctorytie afforeseyd, that ther shalbe two bookes yerely made of the appraysinge of all and ePy kinde of Clothe to be made during the seyd thre yeres, thone of wch books to remayne w' the Aulnageour or his Deputie, wherin shalbe wrytten the Colour kynde and pryce of all and singler Clothes vyewed & appreysed that yeare accordinge to the tenour of this Statute, unto wrt booke the Owner of ev*y Clothe or some other psone for hym and the praisoures shall setto ther handes or markes when the Clothe ys sealed, and thother booke shall remayne w' the Owner of the sayd Clothe whereunto the sayd Aulnageour and praysoures shall sett ther handes and markes; and that the Yowner of all and ev'y Clothe chargeable to the payment of the Relyef of Clothes graunted by this Acte, yerely w'in twentie daies after the yeare expired, shall delyver his sayd booke so subscrybed or marked w' the handes of the Aulnageour or his Deputie and preysoures, to the Comyssioners for the taxation and assessment of the sayd Relyef w'in the Lymitte where suche Clothier dwellyth, or to one of them ; uppon paine of forfayture by the same Clothier of treble somoch as he ought to paie to the Kinge by reasone of the aforesayd Relyef of his Clothe so sealed.

And yt ys further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that ev*y Aulnageour shall yerely frome and after XLII. the sayd feast of the Nativitie of Seynt John Baptyst next edmynge kepe a parfet booke of the colour kynde and price j^dSiver of all and singter Clothes by hym sealed and the names of the Owners thereof in maner and fourme as ys before hi. Book, declared, and the same booke yerely shall make and delyver to the Comyssioners for the taxacion of Goodes w'in the lymytes where suche Clothe maker dwelleth or to one of them, w'in xx" daies next after the yere expired.

And yt ys further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that yf any Aulnageour or his Deputie do not XI.IIT.

make and delyver the sayd boke in maner and fourme before rehersed, or do wilfully concele any Clothe by hime AuSirr^or

•ealyd and do not enter yt into the seyd boke, that fore suche offense the sayd Aulnageour shall not onelye forfayte Neglect, Fine and v 1 3 Forfeiture of Office,

hi# office, but also shall make fyne at the Kings will.

92

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 36.

A.D. 1548.

XLIV.

Commissioners shall compare the Aueumeot on Cloth» with that on the Goodi of the Clothier, and the Overplus shall be levied by the High Collector.

XLV.

Yearly Certificate of lucti Charge into the Exchequer.

XLVI. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. per Pound, for themselves, the Appraisers, and Commissioners.

XLVI I.

Exemptions, viz. for Inhabitants of Ireland, Boulogne, Calais, Jersey, &c.

XLVIII.

Inhabitants of the Cinqne Ports.

XLIX. Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

And yt is also ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that the sayd Comyssioners of that Lymyte, having receaved the said bokes of the Aulnageour or his Deputie or Deputies and the Owner of the Clothes, shall conferre the rates of the Relyef of the Clothes comprehended in the sayd bokes w‘ the taxadon and paiment of the Owner of the same Clothes for his Goodes: So that yf yt shall appere therby to them that the Owner of any Clothe ys chargeable to paie for his Clothes, w* before was not chargeable for his Goodes, or that suche Owuer ought to paie more after the rate of the Relyef of his Clothes conteyninge in the bokes delyveryd to them then he was before charged for the value of his substance of his Goodes, the sayd Comyssioners, as they be devyded, shall w'in one moneth next after the sayd bokes resceyved by their writinge indented to be signed and sealed by them, make fourth extreates of all and singter somes of moneye that any psone ought to paye for his Clothes not beinge before charged wl his Goodes, and for the overplus that any suche psone ought to paie for that the rate of the Clothes dothe surmounte the paiment of the value of his Goodes before made and the same writinge shall delyver to the Highe Collectour of the same lymyte, to charge hime wythe the Receipte hereof of the maker of the sayd Clothes, and the paiment thereof at the Kings Receipte ; And that the sayd Highe Collectour shall have the lyke power and auctoryde to gather and levye the same, by suche lyke waies and meanes as before in this Acte be lymyted and appoynted to the Subcollecto' for the levyenge and gatheringe of the Relyef of Goodes.

And yt ys further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforeseyd, that the sayd C5myssioners shall yerely duringe the sayd thre yeres make retourne and certyficat into the Kings Exchequier before the x,h daye of October, not onely of the counterpaine of all and e$y extreat delyvered by hym to the Highe Collectour, but also of the boke receaved of the Aulnageour as ys aforesayd, and the preysoures names, and of all and singter ther procedingf concerninge the sayd payment of the Relyef of Clothes.

And yt ys further ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie aforesayd, that e9y of the seid Highe Collectoures w* shall accompte for any parte of the seyd Relyef of Clothes in the Kings Exchequier uppon their sePall sayd accomptes to be yelden, shalbe allowed yerely duringe the seyd thre yeres for ev*y pounde lymyted to his Collection whereof any suche Collectour shalbe charged and yelde accompte, vj d. as pcell of their sayd charge; that ys to saye, ij d. of ePy pounde thereof for suche psones as be lymyted to be preysoures for their paines and labours, and other ij d. of ev'y pounde thereof e9y of the sayd Chief Collectoures there accomptant to receyve to their owne use for their laboures and charge in and aboute the premysses, and ij d. of everye pounde resydue to be delyveryd allowed and paied by the sayd Collectoures so beinge thereof allowed to suche of the Comyssioners as shall take uppon theim the busynes and labour for and aboute the premysses; that ys to saye, e9y Collectour to paie that Comyssioner or Comyssioners w* had the orderinge and the writings of and for the seyd Relyef of Clothes where the sayd Collectour or Collectoures hade their collection, for expences of the sayd Comyssioners so takinge uppon theym the sayd busynes and labour of their Clerkf writinge the sayd Preceptes and Estretes for the sayd collections; the same last ij d. of ev’y pounde to be devyded emongest the sayd Comyssioners havinge regard to the labour and busines taken by them and ther sayd clerkes in and about the p>mysses; for w* parte so to the sayd Comyssioners atteynynge, the sayd Comyssioners syx fyve foure thre or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kings Comyssion, and ePy of theim joyntely and sePally for his or their sayd parte, maye have his remedye ageynst the sayd Collectour or Collectoures wcl" therof byn and might have byn allowed, by accion of Debte, in w* the defendaunte shall not wage his lawe nether proteccion injunccion or other essoyne shalbe allowed.

Provyded alweyes, that this Graunt of Relyef nor any other thing therin conteyned do in any wvse extend to charge the Inhabitauntes or dwellers w’in Ireland Bolloygne and the Countie of the same, Callays Hatnmes Guysnes and the Marches of the same, Jernesey and Gamesey or any of them, of for or concerninge any Goodes wch the sayd Inhabitauntes or dwellers or any other to their use have w'in Ireland Bolloyne the Countie of the same, Callays Hames Gusynes or other Marches of the same, Jernesey Gamesey or in any of them.

Provyded also, that the seyd Graunt of Relyef do not in any maner of wyse extende or be prejudiciall or hurtefull to the Inhabitauntes or Resyauntes at this present tyme w'in the Fyve Portes corporate, or to any of ther membres incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Portes or to any of the same Fyve Portes, of or for any parte or pcell of the sayd somes graunted in this present Parlyament, of the sayd Inhabytauntes nowe Resyauntes or any of them to be taxed sett asked levyed or payed; but that the sayd Inhabitauntes and nowe Resyauntes of the sayd Portes and their membres and e$y of them be and shalbe of and frome the sayd Graunte and payment of the seyd Relyef of ther Goods and Catalles, duringe their resyauncie there and no longer, acquyted and dycharged ; any matter or whate soever thinge in this p>sente Acte made or had to the contrarye notw'standinge.

Provyded also, that that this psent Acte of Relyef, ne any other thinge therein conteyned extend to any of the Englysshe Inhabitauntes or Resyauntes in any of the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland the Towne of Barwyke the Towne of Newcastell uppon Tyne and the Busshopryke of Durham, nor to any of them, of for or concerninge any Goodes Clothe or Shepe wc" the same Inhabitauntes or Dwellers, or any other to their use, have win the seyd Counties of Northumberland Cumberland and Westmerland or the Towne of Barwyke, the Towne of Newcastell uppon Tyne, or the Busshopryke of Durhame, or any of them; but that they and ev*y of them shalbe, of and frome the sayd Relyef of and for their Goodes lyinge and beinge in the same Counties Townes and Busshopryke or any of them, utterly acquyted and dycharged; any thinge in this present Acte before rehersed to the contrarye notw'standinge.

A.D. 151Z.

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 36, 37

93

PaovvDKO also, that this Acte ne any thinge t her in conteyned shall extende to the Goodes of any College Halle or L

Ostle w'in the Uny^sides of Oxford and Cambridge or any of them, or to the Goodes of the College of Wynton 2^ Two*11*8'* founded by Bysshop Wykeham, or to the Goodes of the College of Eton next Wyndesore, or to the Goodes of any Universities, See. Reader or Scoller w'in the seid Unyv’siries & Colleges, or any of them there remaynyng for studie w'out fraude or coryn; any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw'stondyng.

(') Peovyded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoryrie aforesaide, that no spuall pson shalbe charged by this Acte for shtrp anye of his goods or catallf other than for Shepe, nor shalbe chardged by this Acte for anye suche his Shepe whiche Spirituil Penom. he hathe, or at anye tyme within three yeres next following shall have or kepe, for the oonelie purpose to be spent or eaten in his house, so as the noombre of the same Shepe so purposed to be spent and eaten yerelye in his saide house doo not excede the noombre of foure hundred Shepe for oone yere, nor for anye suche his Shepe as doo goo and feade, or shall goo or feade for the most part of everye yere of three yeres next cooming, upon his Land? tenement? or commons wherof suche spuall p6one is or shalbe seased in the right of his Churche or Promo£6n spuall, w*

Land? tenement? or commons be chardgeable to the payment of the First Fruyct? and Tenthes.

And Forasmuche as dyvers and sundrie the King? Majesties Ten*nt? and other Intiit*unt? and dwellers w'in the Counties of Penbroke Carifithen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknocke Radnor Mountgofiy Denbigh Flynt Merioneth Anglesey Carrivon and of the County Palentyn of Chester, be at this pnt tyme charged and chargeable w* the sePall paymet? of dyv*s greate somes of money (by the name of a Myse) due to his Majestie accordinge to the severalt customes of the saide Counties, For the payment whereof dyvers and sondry the gentilmen and thother thinhitaunt? of the said Counties, be and stonden bounden to his Highnes; The Kinge o' Sov'aigne Lorde is therefore pleased and contented that it be provided ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to charge any of the King? Ma"" Ten*nt? and other the Inhitaunt? and dwellers w'in any of the said Counties of Penbroke Car&then Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknocke Radnor MountgonJy Denbyghe Flynte Meryoneth Anglesey Carnarvon and the Countie Palentyn of Chester, beinge charged or chargeable w' the sayde Myse, for or w' any of the payment? of the said Releiffe graunted to the King? Ma'" by this Acte, untill the sev^all dayes & times appointed & agreed for the paymet? of the said Myses shalbe expired: And that the first paymet of the said Reliefs for Good? shalbe made at the Recepte of the King? Exchequier before the furste daye of Maye, then next followinge after the daye appointed for the later paymet to be made of the said Myse, and so yerelye before the first daye of Maye at the Recept of the said Exchequio', untill the three sePall paymet? of the said Reliefs be fully made, in suche & lyke maner so'me & order as is ordeyned and apointed by this Acte for the King? Subject? cocemynge the said Reliefs? of Good? to be made at the Recepte of the said Exchequio' accordinge to the teno' of this pnt Acte ; and also that the first paymet? of Reliefs for Clothes and Sheepe in ev'y of the said sepall Counties shalbe made in the saide Exchequier after the said Mises due, to be payde at suche and lyke dayes and tymes yerely as is afore lymyted by this Acte; this Act or any thinge therein conteyned to the cotrary in anywise notw'stondinge.

And ferthermore be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that the Ten*nt? and dwellers of ev'y of the said Counties in this Proviso remembred shall sev'ally, before the feast of Sainte nJten the Bisshopp next ensuynge, certyfie into the King? said Co'te of Exchequio' under the Seale of two Justic? of the Peaxe of ev’y of the said Counties, whereof oon to be of the Quop, when and at what daye the last paymet of the said sePall Myses in ev'y of the said Counties shall ende and expyer.

L1I.

Penom chargesble with Mrw in W.le. •nail not be charged with Relief! under thia Act till after the Terms of such My«cs.

LIII. Certificate of Expenditure of such Mytet.

CHAPTER XXXVII. (*)

An Acte for carying of Bell Metall out of the Realme.

WHE ARE in the Parliament holden at Westmynster in the xxxiij1" yere of o’ late Soveraigne Lorde of famous Memorie Kinge Henry the viiju', yt was enacted that no [psones nor psoneS1 ] shoulde carie or convey by water or otherwise any Brasse Copper Lattyn Bell mettell Panne mettell or Gunne metall or Shroffe mettall whether yt be cleane or myxed (Tynne and Leade onely excepted) into any pte beyonde the Sea or into any owtewarde Realme or Domynyon whatsoever yt be, uppon payne of forfayture of the doble value therof: And wheare also by the sayde Estatute yt was lykewyse enacted, that no parsone or parsones shoulde at any tyme shippe or carrye any of the saide Mettall?, to cary or discharge the same in any parte of this Realme, onlesse suche parsone or parsones before the shippinge therof did declare and manyfest unto the customer of suche Porte or Creeke wheare the same Mettall shoulde be shipped the trewe weighte off all suche Mettall as shoulde be shipped, and shoulde also make a suffyeient obligacyon in the lawe in the whiche he shoulde be bounden to the saide Customer to the King? use in suche some as shoulde amounte to the double valewe of the saide Mettall so declared and manyfested, w* condicyon that the same shoulde be discharged at some Porte or Creeke within this Realme and in no other place, uppon payne to forfayte the same in maner and fourme above rehersed ; as by the sayde Acte amongest other thing? more playnelye appeareth: Forasmoche as the paynes and forfaytures in the saide Estatute are not greate ynoughe, and forasmoche also as dy$s covetous and greedy parsones

Recital of Statute 3jH.VIII. c.7.»i. against Exportation of Metal t

| j. regulating the shipping of Metal sent Coastwise.

Insufficiency of Penalties under that Act.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules.

* From the Original Act in the Parliament Office: See Note at the beginning of this Year. > person or persons Printed Copies.

94

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 37, 38.

-4.jD. 1548,

Penalty on exporting Metals, except Tin and Lead, Forfeiture, and loL per i ,oooo Weight.

II.

Penalty of Bond to be given on sending Metal Coastwise, Double Value and lol. per !,oooo Weight.

III.

Penalty on Customers taking improper Bonds, Loss of Office and Double Value of the Metal shipped.

IV.

Penalty on Master, See. shipping Metal contrary hereto, Double Value;

On Customer for Concealment,

Loss of Office, &c.

V.

Metal shall be laden for Exportation only at Ports having Customers: Penalty,

Forfeiture, See.

Application of Forfeitures.

VI.

St. 33 Hen VIII. confirmed, except as altered by this

Ad.

havinge no respecte or obedience to the lawes, have craftylye and by all synyster meanes practysed to defirawde the saide Estatute, some by brybinge and rewardinge the Serchers Maisters Purssers or other officers off Shippes, some by secret conveyinge therof in small Creekf in Sewger chestf hoggesheddes or otherwise; Be yt therfore ordeyned and enacted, that from and after the feaste of Easter next commynge no parsone or parsones shall carry or convey or shippe to the intent to carye or convey any Brasse Copper Latton Bell mettall Panne mettall Gonne mettall or Shroffe mettall whether yt be cleare or myxt (tynne and lead onely excepted) into any parte beyonde the Sea, or into any owtewarde Realme or Domynyon whatsoever yt be, uppon payne to forfayte the dobble value therof, and tenne pounds for every thowsande waighte of the same mettall so caryed and conveyed or shipped to the intent to be caryed or conveyed; the tryall whereof shalbe in lyke manner and fourme as in the saide former Acte is expressed.

And be yt ferther enacted, that no parsone nor parsones after the saide feaste, shall shippe or carrie any of the sayde Mettallf prohibited by this estatute, to carry or discharge the same in any pte of this Realme, onlesse suche parsone or parsones before the shippinge therof doo declare and manyfest to the Customer of suche Porte or Creeke wheare the same Mettall shalbe shipped the trewe weighte of all suche Mettall as shalbe shipped, and shall also before the shippinge thereof make a sufficyent obligacyon in the lawe in whiche he shalbe bounden to the sayde Customer to the Kings use, in suche some as shall amounte to the doble valewe and tenne poundes for every thousand weighte so declared and manyfested, w' condicon as in the saide estatute is apointed and enacted, and shall make certifycat of the discharge therof in lyke maner as in the saide estatute is further ordeyned and enacted.

And be it further enacted, That if any Customer Controller or his or their depude or depudes, by covyn or by any other undewe meane, will suffer any pson after that the Mettall is shipped or caryed contrarie to the meanynge of this Acte to make an obligacion or obligacyons w* ante dates for the discharge and cerrifycat of their Mettall as is aforesayde, that then suche Customer so suffringe or receavinge suche obligacyon or obligacbns shall lose his office and the value of the Mettall so shipped or caryed.

And be it ferther enacted, That if any Maister Owner Pursser or Botesweyne of any Shippe doo wyllinglelye pmytte or suffer any of the Mettallf abovesaide to be shipped contrarie to the teno' of this Acte; or ells pceyvinge any suche Mettall to be shipped doo not disclose the same, within three dayes after knowlege had, to the Custtjmer or Controller of the same Porte or his or their Deputie or Deputies where the same ys shipped; that then every suche Owner Maister Pursser or Botesweyne so willinglie pmitringe the same Mettall to be shipped, or concealinge the same when he pceyveth yt to be shipped, shall forffayte the dubble value of the same Mettall so shipped or caryed: and yf any Customer or Sercher doo willinglie suffer any of the Mettallf aforsaide to be shipped contrarye to the meanynge of this Acte or ells havinge knowlege that it is secretly shipped or caryed doo not sease the same to the Kings use, then every Customer or Sercher so offendinge shall lose his office and the value of the Metalle so shipped or caried.

And be it further enacted, That no parsone nor parsones shall after the saide feast, lade shippe or carry into any parte beyonde the Sea any of the Mettallf aforsaid but onelye owte of suche Porte or Creeke where the CustoS or his Deputye is resident and dwellinge; uppon payne of forfayture of the saide Mettall, and tenne poundes for every thowsande weighte so shipped or caryed : the moytie of all whiche forfaytures shalbe to oure Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge and the other moitie to hyme or theyme that will sewe for the same by bill playnte informacon accyon of dette or otherwise in any of the Kings Courtes, in whiche no essoyn proteccyon or wager of lawe shalbe admytted 0r allowed.

And be it ferther enacted, That the said Estatute made in the saide xxxiij," yere of the raigne of the saide late King Henry the eighte, and every artycle and provision beinge not alterid by this Estatute, shall be good and effectuall.

CHAPTER XXXVHI. (■)

An Acte for the paving of the Towne of Calyce.

For repairing the Streets of Calais, Owners of Houses, See. shall pave the Ways in front thereof j except the Four High Streets to be paved by the Mayor, See.

FORASMUCHE as the Stretes Lanes and Wayes w'in the Kings Ma‘" Towne of Calace be very fowle ruynous and noysome and full of pyttes and slowes, very dangerus and pillous aswell for all the Kings Subjects thoroughe and by theym passing and repayring aswell on horssebacke as on foote as also w‘ cariage, for lacke of good paving: For the good amendement and reformacSn wherof, it maie therfore please the Kings Highnes w' thassent of his Lords spuall and temporall and of his Comons in this his highe Courte of Pliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same. That it may be ordeyned establisshed and enacted, that all and every pson bodies polidcke and corporate, whiche now have or at any tyme hereafter shall have any lands tenementf or other hereditamentf, in fee symple fee taile for terme of lif or for terme of yeres or by reason of the wardeshippe of any heyre during the nonage of the same heyre or otherwise, lying and being w'in the said Towne of Calace, shall on thisside the feast of Seint Michell tharch’ungell whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande fyve hundrithe fyftye and one, well and sufficiently pave or cause to be paved w' paving stone all the Stretes Lanes and Wayes and causeis w'in the said Towne of Calace w‘ the

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office : See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. I54&

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 38, 39.

95

Channel! rennynge in the rayddell, every man suche part and quandde of the same stretes lanes wayes and causeis unto the middes of the same stretes lanes wayes and causes and every of them, in lenght as his or ther land? or tenemftf do lye or extende ; Except the foure highe stretes within the said Towne of Calice, whiche the Mayir and the Aldermen of the same Towne have used to pave, and of right ought so to do.

And also be it enacted by the auCtie aforesaid, that all and every suche psons, having or whiche hereafter shalhave land? or tenement? in fee symple fee taile for terme of life or otherwise as is aforesaid lying being or adjoynyng to and next either syde of the same stretes lanes wayes or causeis or any of theym, their heires assignes or successors, after and frorae the feast of S' Michell tharchangell whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God M1 D Lj. shall yerely mayntene and repayre the same pavemet? and every of theym over against his or ther said land? and tenemetf, well and sufficiently frome tyme to tyme whan and as often as nede shall require at all tymes hereafter, w* paving stone, uppon payne to forfaite for every yarde square not sufficiently paved, viij d. to the King? Ma"* use, as often as any suche defeulte of any pson shalbe presented by the verdicte of xij men or by three sufficient wittnesses before the Mayer and Aldermen of the said Towne of Calice for the tyme being, and that the said Mayer and Aldermen of the same Towne of Calace, shalhave full power and auStie to levie the same to the King? use by distres or playnte, in suche mano' and forme as they have heretofore used and accustumed to levye fynes or aificyamentf w'in the said Towne of Calace, and the same to be paied in the King? Excheker ther; And if the said Mayer and Aldermen for the tyme being, be at any tyme or tymes negligent or remysse in executyng of the pmysses unto theym appointed by this Acte, and namely after twoo or three monytions to them gyven by the Lorde Deputie Treasourer and Comptroller of the same Towne for the tyme being or twoo of them, that then the said Lorde Deputie Treasourer and Comptroller or twoo of theym shall frome tyme to tyme by vertue of this Acte have full power and auctoritie to correcte and reforme the said Mayers and Aldermen so founde in defaulte by reasonable fyne or aficyamet to be levied uppon them by waye of distres or otherwise by the forsaid Treasourer and Comptroller to the King? use and behouff for every suche defaulte; the same fyne or aficiamet to be aunswered w'in the King? Excheker ther.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, that if the Lessees or Occupiers of the same londf or tent? so to be paved w‘in the said Towne, do sufficiently pave or repaire the same before ther Mansions or dwelling placf the foresaide stretes lanes wayes or causes, that they and every of theym shall defalke abate and reteyne in his or their owne hand? as muche of the rent? due to the lessors as they can duly pve to have expended on the same paving, and the lessor for somuche as that some dothe amounte unto to have no acc&n nor reentree for the none payment of the same; except it be otherwise agreed bytwene theym.

And Where also w'in the said Towne of Calice ther arr dyverse houses and tenement? covered and thacked w1 rede and strawe, to the great pell and daunger of fyer w'in the same Towne, whiche God defende; For the spedy remedy and good reformacon wherof, be it also enacted by thauctoride of this psent pliament assembled, that fromhensforthe no pson or psons what so ever they be, shall cover or thacke any maner howses or buylding? w'in the said Towne with rede or strawe, but only w1 tyle or slate, and that all howses and buylding? which are alredy covered w1 rede or strawe w'in the said towne, shalbe on thisside the feast of Saint Michaell tharchaungell whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God M'DL ij. holly and fully covered w‘ tyle or slate, at and by the pper cosies and charges of the takers of the pffitt? of the same houses and buylding? for the tyme being; and what so ever owner or owners of the said houses or tent? w'in the same Towne on this side the saide feast of Saint Michaell tharchaungell whiche shalbe in the said yere of our Lorde God M'DL ij. do not take and plucke downe the same strawe and rede frome the said buylding? and howses and cover them agayne newly w' tyle or slate w'in the same tyme, that then every suche owner or owners for not doing thereof in forme abovesaid, shall forfaite to the King o' Soverande Lorde for ev'y Mansion house not so don xti. the same forfeiture to be levied by the said Treasourer and Comptroller for the tyme being to the King? use, and to be paied into the King? Excheker ther.

U.

Wayi to paved ihiU be kept in Repair Penalty 8 d. per Yard square.

Mayor, he. making Default, may be fined by the Lord Deputy, &c.

III.

Lessees, See. may pave, and retain the Ex pence out of their Rent.

IV.

Houses shall be roofed with Tile or Slate instead of Thatch; Penalty a£ic.

CHAPTER XXXIX. (')

An Act for the King? Ma"' generall pardon.

PTRHE King? moste royall Ma", right well pceyving his lovinge Subgect? by manye and sondrye wayes and meanes JL to have borne and susteyned the great adventures chardg? and busynesses of warres and defenc? of this his Realme, aswell in the tyme of his moste dere father King Henry theighte as in his tyme and reigne, entending of his elemeneye and pitie to gratefye his saide Subgect? w'h his Grac? free and liberall pdone according to his kinglye Power, trusting assuredlye that his saide Subgect? will contynewe his loving and assured obedyent Subgect?, and hereafter in suche sorte obeye his Highnes Lawes and Statutz as to them and every of them of right apperteyneth; Is fiillye and resolutelye contented and pleased that it be enacted by auctoritie of this present Parlyament in manner and fourme following, that is to saye: That all and everye of his saide Subgect? aswell spuall as temporall of this his Realme of Englande Wales the Isles of Jernseye and Gemeseye Barwyke Callys Guisnez Hammes Bolloigne and Bollonoys, and the inches of the same, the heyr? successo's executo's and administrato's of them and everye of

Motives of this Pardon:

General Pardon of all OITencci committed before 14th March 1548. not expresaly herein excepted.

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office: Sec Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1548.

96

2° & 3° Edw.VI. c. 39.

ii.

This Pardon declared effectual by the general Words thereof.

III.

Grant of all Forfeiture! for Offencea pardoned

Pardon may be pleaded without Fee t except tid. for Entry thereof.

IV.

Pardon shall be conatrued moat favourably for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers issuing Process for Offences pardoned, Treble Damages.

them, and all and singuler bodyes in any manner of wise Corporate Cities Boroughes Shierf Ryddingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakf Townes Villagf and Tythingf, and every of them and the successo' and successo" of them, shalbe by thauctoritye of this pnt Parlament acquyted pdoned released and dyscharged, against the Kings Highnes his heyrf successo" and executo" and everye of them, of all manner Treasons Heresyes Felonyes Robberyes Offencf Contemptf Trespases Wrongs Dysceiptf Mysdemeano" Forfaictures Penaltyes and Proffittf Somes of Moneye Paynes of Deathe Paynes Corporall and Pecunyarie, and all other things causes quarrellf suits judgementf and execucbns, w'*’ may be or can be by his Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pdoned, before and unto the fourtenthe daye of Marche in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtie and eight; other then suche as hereafter in this Acte be exceptyd or forprysed, in suche manner and fourme and unto such tymes as they be excepted or forprysed in this Acte, and other then suche as the clawses of Proviso herafter mentyoned doth extende unto.

And allso the Kings Highnes is further contented and pleased that it be enacted by thauctoritye of this pnt Parlament, that this his saide general! and free pdone shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe, to everye of his saide Subgectf bodyes corporate and other before rehersed, and to everye of them, by the saide generall wordes before rehersed, in all things w'" be not hereafter in this pnt Acte excepted or forprysed, as the same pdone shoulde have byn yf all Offencf contemptf forfaictures cawses maters suits quarrellf judgementf execufilns penaltyes and all other things, not hereafter exceptyd nor conteyned in any clawse of Proviso hereafter mencyoned, had byn pticulerlye singulerlye spiallye and playnelye named rehersed and specefyed, and allso pdoned by propre and expresse wordes and names in their kypdes natures and qualities by wordes and tearmes therunto requiesyte to have be putt in and expressed in this Acte of Free pdone: And that his saide Subgectf nor any of them nor theirs executo" nor administrate" of any of them nor any of the saide bodyes corporate, nor any other psons bodyes politique or corporate before named, or any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodyes goods landes or catallf for any maner matter cawse contempte mysdemeano' forfaicture trespasse offence or any other thing suffred donne or comitted against his Highnes Crowne Dignitye prerogative lawe or statutf ; but onlye for such maters cawses and offencf as be rehersed in the exceptyons and clawses of Proviso in this pnt Acte hereafter mentyoned, in such manner and fourme as in the same exceptyons and clawses of Proviso be mentyoned, and for none other ; any Statute or Statutf lawes customes uses or jPsydentf heretofore had made or used to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And allso the Kings Highnes of his bountyous liberalitie, by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlament, gr'unteth and frelye giveth to everye of his saide Subgectf and to every of the saide bodyes corporate and other before rehersed and to everye of them, all such landes tents and heredytamentf goods cattellf debts fynes yssues proffitf amercyamentf forfaictures and somes of moneye by any of them forfaicted, wch to his Highnes doth or shoulde belonge or apptaine by reasone of any offence contempte trespace mysdemeano' mater cawse or quarrcll suffred doon or comitted by them or any of them w* be not hereafter forprysed or excepted in this pnt Acte; And that all and everye the Kings saide Subgectf, and all and synguler Bodyes corporate and other before rehersed, maye by him or them selfs or by his or their deputye or deputyes or by his or their attorneye or attorneys according to the lawes of this Realine pleade and ministre this present Acte of free pardone, for his or their dischardge of and for every thing that is by vertue of this presente Acte pdoned dyscharged given or gr*unted, withowt anny fee or other thing in anny wise paying to anny psone or psons for writing or entreye of the judgement or other cawse concernynge such plea writing or entreye, but onelye twelve pens, to be payed to thoffyeer or Clercke that shall entre the plea matter or judgement for the dyschardge of any the ptie so pleading the same, any Statute or use to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And furthermore the Kings Highnes is pleased and contented that it be enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlament that his saide free pdone, by the generall wordes before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed and judged allowed and taken in all manner of Cortf and ells where, aswell in the wordes and clawses of exceptyons and forpryses specefyed in this pnt Acte, as in all and synguler other clawses wordes and sentencf mentyoned and rehersed in this his saide free pdone, moste benefyciallye and avaylablye to all and synguler his saide Subgectf bodyes Corporate and other before rehersed and to everye of them in all things ambyguous or doughtfull, and moste strongelye in barre and dyschardge against his Highnes his heyrf successo" and executo" in every thing, without any obstacle chalenge or other delaye what so ever it shalbe to be made pleaded objected or alledged, by the King our Soveraigne Lorde his heyrf successo" or executo" or by his or any of their generall Attorneye or Attorneys, or by any psone or psones for his Highnes or any of his heyrf successo" or executo".

And furthermore it is enacted by the King o' Soveraigne Lorde by auctoritye of this pnt Parlament, that yf anny Offycer or Clercke of any his Highnes Courts comenlye called the Kings Benche Chauncerye and Comen Place or of his Exchequer, or of any other Offycer or Clercke of any other Courte within this Realme or in Wales or other his Highnes Domynyons above mentyoned, at anny tyme after the tenthe daye of Maye next cominge wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and nyne, make owt or write owt any maner writtf or other processe or any extractf somons or other preceptf, wherby any of the saide Subgectf or any of the saide bodyes Corporate or other before rehersed, or any of them, shalbe in any wise arrested attached distreyned somoned or otherwise vexed inquyeted or greyed in his or their Bodyes lands teritf goods or catallf, or in any of them, for or bicawse of any manner of thing pdoned or discharged by vertue of this Acte of Free pdone, he so offending and thereof lawfullye condempned shall yelde and paye for the recompence therof to the ptie so greyed or offended, treble damagf, to be accompted as pcell of the damagf and costs of the suite; And nevertheles all and synguler such writtf processe extcactf and preceptf so to be made for or uppon any manner thing pdoned or dyscharged by this Acte of Free pdone, shalbe utterly voyde and of none effecte.

A.D. 1548.

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 39.

97

Excipte allwais and forprysed owt of this Generali and Free pdone, all and all manner fppensed and volubtarye murders and poysoningf; and except all felonyous taking or stealing of any Goods or Catallf owt of any Churche Chappell or dwelling Howse, and all and synguler Robberyes and Robberye of any psone or psons in or nere any highe waye cdmitted ppetrated or done: And allso excepte and forprysed owt of this Free pdone, all and all manner of Pyracyes and offences uppon the Sea had done cdmitted or parpetrated sythen the first daye of Januarye in the fyrst yere of the Reigne of o' Soveraigne Lorde the King: And allsd all and all manner of Punyshmentf impetyttms forfaitto" paynes of deathe judgementf and execucftns for the pmisses before excepted and for everye of them: And excepte and forprysed owt of this Free pdone, all and all manner of deceytf and concelementf of all and synguler monyers, and other offycers ministers and workemen of or in any of the Myntf w'Nn any of the Kings Realmes or Domynyons, perpetrated doon or cdmitted in or abowt the making coyhing or altering of any moneye currant w'ln this Realme, or in anny wise towching or concerning any accomptf or books of any of the saide Offycers or ministers or anny of them, and all and all manner of Impetycdns punyshmentf forfaictures and paynes for the same: And excepte and forp'sed owt of this Free pdone, all and synguler sdmes and some of moneye gr’unted to late King Henry theight by waye or meane of Subsidye Fyftene Benyvolence Lone and Contribution, or by any of the same wayes or meanes, and all deteyners witholdingf and non paymentf towching or concerning the same: And allso all and all manner of accomptf and all actyons suits and demaundf towching or conceminge any accomptf, and all arreragf of accompte and all debts impetyefins suits demaundes and execuC&ns by occac&n or meanes of any accompte or for any accompte : And allso excepte all tytles of actyons of Quare impedit, all Ravyshmentf and w'Miolding of the Kings wardes, and the witholding of any Wards lands or tenementf and the pfitf of the same Landes and tents, and all and every Fyne or Fynes for the syngle valewe or dowble value of the maryage or maryagf of any the Kings wards, at any tyme growen to the King o' Soveraigne Lorde or to any of his noble f’geniro': And allso excepte all [ Homogagf 1 ] and Reliefs and all rents fvief rents chargf rents seek and tenthes and tharreragf of everye of them : And allso except and forprysed owt of this Free pdone all and synguler forfeitures and all manner of penaltyes somes of moneye and proffitf what so ever, growen or dewe by reasone of any offence or acte comytted or doon contrarye to any Statute or Statutf or contrarye to the comen Lawe, extending above the some of ten poundcs in moneye or value, wherof any Seasure was made or any Informac&n given in the Kings Exchequer or any suite there comenced and now depending, before the xij"’ daye of Februarye in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and eight, and not yet determyned, or whereof the Kings Highnes or King Henry theight by byll sealed w,h any of their Seallf before the xiiij"‘ daye of Marche in the yere of o' Lorde God M v C. xlviij have made any gifte or assignement to any of the fv*untf of o' Soveraigne Lorde the King or King Henry theight or to any other psone or psones: And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone all and singter forfetto' and somes of moneye being dewe to o' Soveraigne Lorde the King or to King Henry theight by any penall Statute or Statutf, w'" be converted into the nature of debte by judgement or by the agrement of thoffendo': And except and forprised owt of this Free pdone all and all manner of debts dewe and to be dewe to our Soveraigne Lorde the King or unto the late noble King of famous memorye King Henry theight and King Henry the Seventh or to any of them, (other then suche as ar dewe to o' Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge uppon anny oblygacftn or recognys’unce forfetted for non apparaunce or for not keping of the Peace or not being of good behavo'): And allso excepte all yssues fynes and amercyamentf afferyd taxed sett extracted or entered severallye or pticulerlye touching and concerninge any one psone or moo psones joyntlye, extending to the some of twentye powndes or above: And that all and synguler other fynes aswell fynes Pro licentia concordandi as other fynes for contemptf or offencf, sett or taxed, and allso all yssues and amercyamentf aswell reall as other which severallye or pticulerlye extende not uppon or concerning any one psone or moo psones joyntlye, to the some of twentye powndes, whither they be totted or not totted taken to the charge of any Shirief or Shirieff or not taken to

his or their charge, extreatyd or not extreated, whither they be turned into debte or not turned into dett, and not

being levyed nor receyved by any Shrief or Shrieff Bayliefe ministers or other offycers, shalbe fullye clerelye and plainlye pdoned and discharged against the King o' Soveraigne Lorde his heyrf and successo" for ever by this present Acte of Frc pardone.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that in cace it shalbe objected to or against any Shrief or

Shrieff or other accompt'unte or accomptauntf in the Kings Courte of Exchequer or in any other his Courts, that

any Shriefe or Sherieff or other offycers accompfunte, have receyved or taken anny suche fynes yssues or amercyamentf by this pnt Acte pdoned and acquyted, that then everye suche Shrief or Shrieff or other accompt*untf shalbe dyscharged releassed pdoned and acquyted therof by his or their othe, w'"owt any further tryall in that bihalf:

Phovydf.d allwayes, that this present Acte of Free pdone, nor any thing therin conteyned, in anny wise extende to dyschardge pdone remitt or acquyte any psone or psones for any manner of yssues fynes or amercyamentf of twentye pownde or under, wherof any Sheriff hath heretofore accompted before the Barons of the Kings Exchequer or ells where and payde the same yssues fynes or amercyamentf uppon his or their saide Accompte determyned to the Kings use and have his or their Quietus est for the same.

Provyded allso and be it enacted by thauctoride of this pnt Parlament, that all and everye psone and parsones which have tended to sewe Liverye owt of the Kings hands, or that ought to sue any Liverye owt of the Kings handes, or that ought to sewe any Outer le mayne of any Mano" lands tenementf or heredytamentf what so ever they be, shall sue and be bownden to sue his and their Liverye Uvereys and Outer le mayne of his and their Manno" landes tents and heredytamentf, as they ought or shoulde have doon yf this Free pdone had never byn gr*unted ; anny Article clawse matter or sentence acte or actes thing or things in this present Acte of Free pdone comp'sed or specefyed to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Vf.

Exceptions: Murders ; Sacrileges; Robberies: Knots

Deceits of Moniers, Stc. of the Mint;

Arrears of Subsidies, Accounts, I'c.

Qaare Impedit, Ravishment of Wards, Sic.

Homages, Rents)

Forfeitures above JS\o. proceeded for or granted by the King

Forfeitures adjudged on Penal Acts

Debts td the King j

Forfeited Recognisances, Issues, Fines, ttc. affered, of or above Jt xo.

All Fine* under that Amount pardoned.

vii.

Sheriffs discharged on Oath, of all Fines pardoned.

VIII. Fines actually accounted for, not pardoned.

IX.

Livery, See. shall be duly sued out of the King's Hands

' Homages Printed Copies.

frc

98

2° & 3° Edw. VI. c. 39.

A.D. 1548.

Exception of Prisoner* in the Tower, ite.

- XI

Exceptions of

Tnitors in Foreign

Puts, &c. not

returning before Christmas 1549.

XII.

Pardon of Fugitives for Treason or Felony, returning before Christmas 1549.

XIII.

Such Criminal* licensed to return.

XIV. Proceedings on Outlawries in Civil Suits.

XV. Clerks convict may be released without suing their Pardon.

XVI. Exception as to Penalties for Houses decayed,

See.

And excepte and forprised owt of this Free pdone, all and synguler psone and psons being, the saide aciiij* daye of Marche in the yere of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtie and eight, prysoner or prysoners in the Tower of London or in the Flete, or w'* were in the saide Prysons or any of them at any tyme syns the fyrst daye of Februarye in the yere of our Lorde God a thowsand v C. xlviij. and ar not dyscharged owt of Prysone the said xiiijtb daye of Marche; And allsoo all and synguler psone and psones at any tyme before the eight daye of Marche in the saide yere of o' Lorde Godd a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and eight, putt to deathe or in execu£5n by vertue of any manner of Judgement against him or them given.

And excepte and forprysed out of this Free pardone, all and maner of Treasons doon comytted or ppetrated by any psone or psones in anny of the ptf of beyonde the Sea or in Scotelande, by any psone or psons now being beyonde the Sea or in Scotelande, other then suche Treasons or petit Treason as hath byn comytted ppetrated or doon by any psone being beyonde the Sea or in Scotlande, that before the feaste of the Nativide of our Lorde God that shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and nyne, shall come and make their retoume and repaire in to this Realme of Englande; and excepte all Impetyfftns punyshmentf forfaitto" paynes of deathes executyons and judgement^ for the saide Treasons.

And furthermore the Kings Ma" of his especyall grace and clemencye is pleased and contented that it be enacted and establyshed by thauctoride aforesaide, that all and synguler psone and psons being borne wlhin this Realme of Englande or in any of the Kings Domynyons and now being beyonde the Sea or in Scotlande, which before the fyrst daye of Marche in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtie and eighte, did flee owt of this Realme of Englande or anny other of the Kings Domynyons, for any Highe Treasone petyte Treasone mysprysyon of Treasone or for any Felonye murder or other cryme or offence by him or them in any wise comitted done or perpetratyd, shall by vertue of this Free pdone be clerelye dyscharged acquyted and pdoned of all and all manner of Treasons petyte Treasons mysprisyon of Treasone and other offencf and crymes what so ever, doon comitted or perpetrated before the saide fyrste daye of Marche in the saide yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and eight, and of all maner of Impetycons suits penalties forfaitto" and execuc&ns for the same; so that he or they doo coom and make their Retoume and repayer in to this Realme of Englande on thissyde the saide feaste of the Nativitie of oure Lorde Godde, a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye and nyne.

And allso our saide Soveraigne Lorde the King by vertue of this Acte and by thauctoritye abovesaide, doth give authoritie and lycence to all and everye of the saide psons and psone being beyonde the Sea or in Scotlande, to retoume and repaire in to this Realme of Englande and other his Domynyons, before the same feaste of the Nativitie of o' Lorde God M.v.C. xlix.

Piiovyded allwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that it shalbe lefull to all and everye Clercke and other Officer of any of the Kings Courts, w,bowt anny forfaiture losse or punyshment for the same, to awarde and make writtf of Capias utlagatum at the suite of the ptie playntyfe against any psone or psons being owtlawed in any actyon, to thintent to compell the psones or psone so outlawed to make answer to the playntife or [ plaintf1 ] at whose suite he or they were or was outlawed ; And allso that every psone and psons now being owtlawed, shalbe bounden to sue a writt of Scire facias against the ptie or pries at whose suite he or they were or was outlawed, before such tyme as the psons or psone so outlawed shall take any advantage of this Free pdone concerning his or their owtlawrye.

And The Kinge o' Soveraigne Lorde is contented and pleased to gr'unte by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to all and synguler Archebisshoppf and Bisshoppf of this his Realme of Englande and Wales, to delyver owt of Prysone and sett at libertie all and singuler thos psons being in p'sone in their custodye or in the custodye of any of them as Clerckf or Clerke convicte or attaynted, which be pdoned by this Acte of Free pdone, w,howt any further Acte or suite to be made for the allowance of this pdone or otherwise; any Acte of Parlament lawe usage custome or other thing to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

(*) Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by aucthoritie aforesaide, that this pnt Acte of Free pdon or any thingc therein conteyned, shall not in any wise extend to discharge or pdon anye offence payn or penaltie doon comytted or forfFayted by force of any Estatute heretofore made ayenst the decayinge of any house or houses of Husbondry, or convertinge of any Land from tyllage into Pasture, otherwise or in any other manner then to pardon and discharge all issuez pfittf paynes and penalties growen or due to the Kings Ma,ic or to his late Father of famous memory Kinge Henry theighte, before the last daye of Marche in the yere of o' Lorde God M1 v C. xlix. or by reason of any suche offence or offencf ; whiche issuez proffittf paynes and penalities are playnly and clearely before pdoned in and by this p>sent Acte of Free pardon: Nor shall extend to gyve or make any lycence or dispensac&n to any pson or psons to holde or contynewe the same so decayed or converted contrary to the so'me of any suche Estatute or Statutes.

« Plaintiffs Printed Cefits. • This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

( 99 )

Anno 3° & 4° EDWARDI, VI. A.D. 1549-50.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE FOURTH DAY OF NOVEMBER, (’)

In the THIRD and FOURTH Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

€jc ftotulo i&arlfamentt De 3nno regnt iaegts e&tbarbt btxti,

3£ertto $ £luatto.

In PARLIAMENTO p progac&em tento apud Westm quarto die Novembris anno regni Regis Edwardi Sexti 9cio & quarto; Coi oim Dnop tam Spualiu q*m Temporaliu ac Cditatis consensu, & Regie Majestatis assensu, Inacdtata & stabilita fuerunt hec sequencia Statuta ; vidett.

ACTES PUBLICKE.

(*) L— i. An Acte that the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the greate Seale for the tyme beinge shall name and appoynte the Custos Rotulop thoroughout all Shires of Englande accordinge as in tyme paste hathe bene accustomed.

II. — a. An Acte for the true makinge of Wollen Clothes.

IIL — 3. An Acte concerninge the ymprovement of Comons and Waste groundes.

IV. — 4. An Acte concerninge Grauntf and gyftf made by Patentees out of letters patentf.

V. — 5. An Acte for the punyshment of unlawfull assemblyes and rysinge of the Kings Subjects.

VI. — 6. An Acte concerninge the Repeale of a braunche in the Acte of Parliament made for buying of

tanned Lether.

VTL — 7. An Acte of Repeale of a Statute made in the fyve and twentithe yere of Kinge Henrie theight

touching the takinge of Wyldfoule at certeyne tymes in the yeare.

VIII. — 8. An Acte for the contynuance of the Statute of Sewers.

IX. — 9. An Acte for the buyinge of Rawe Hydes and Calfe Skynnes.

X.—10. An Acte for the abolishinge and puttinge awaye of di9se Bookes and Images.

XU.—11. An Acte for the orderinge of Ecrfiasticall Ministers.

XIX.—1 a. An Acte for the buyinge of Rother Beastf and CattelL

XX. —13. An Acte touchinge the Repeale of a certeyne braunche of an Acte passed in the laste Session of this

Parliament concerninge Vyttualers and Artyficers.

XXI. —14. An Acte for buyinge and sellinge of Butter and Cheese.

1 and continued until the First Day of February next after Printed Copits.

• These Roman Numerals are not on the Inrollment in Chancery, but are added to distinguish the Chapters in the Printed Collections, all of which contain XXIV. Chapters : Those Acts which are not entered on the Inrollment, are now printed from the Originals in the Parliament Office. These are Chapters XI. to XVIII., and XXII. to XXIV. inclusive. The Titles at the Commencement of the Roll are not repeated to the Inrollment of the several Acts, but it has been thought convenient to reprint them at the Head of each Chapter. The Titles of the Acts printed from the Originals are from the Indorsements on each Act.

Dig

100

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1540-50.

Recital of Stat.

37 Hen. VIII. c. I. ai to Appointment of Custos Rotulorum in each County, by the King's Kill, as a Warrant to the Chancellor j

Inconvenience of such Mode of Appointment

Lord Chancellor empowered to appoint Mich Custos Rotulorum without the King’s Bill:

Such Custos Rotulorum may act by himself or Deputy.

1L

Proviso for Persons at present holding such Office.

III.

Proviso for Persons empowered by the King’s Patent, kc. to appoint such Officers.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte that the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the greate Seale for the tyme being shall name and appoynte the Custos Rotulop thoroughout all Shires of Englande accordinge as in tyme paste hathe bene accustomed.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westni in the xxxvij"1 yere of the Reigne of the most excellent Prince of famous meniorie Kinge Henrie theight. It was enacted that noe pson or psons sholde from the makinge of the saide Acte be nolated and appoynted to the Office or Offices of the Custos Rotulof, within anye Shire of this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kings Dnyons Marches or Territories of the same, but suche as sholde have a bill signed with the Kings hande for the same; whiche bill signed sholde be a sufficient Warraunte by auctorytie of the saide Acte, to the Lorde Chauncellor of Englande and Lorde Keeper of the great Seale for the tyme beinge to make from tyme to tyme Comyssion or C5myssions, assigninge and authorisinge therby the same pson to be Custos Rotulop, untill the Kinge had by an other bill assigned withe his owne hande appoynted and ordeyned an other pson to have occupie and exeyse the same Office of Custos Rotulop; and that the saide pson appoynted and assigned to be Custos Rotulop as ys abovesaide sholde and myght occupye excise and enjoye the saide Office of Custos Rotulop by him selfe, or by his sufficient Deputye learned in the lawes of this Realme, and mete and liable to supplye the saide Office accordinge to the tenor of the graunte or Comyssion: as by the same Acte amonge other things more at large it dothe and maye appere: Synce the makinge of whiche Statute div'se and manye psons, beinge in the saide Offices of Custos Rotulo^ in divse Shires of the Realme have depted this p>sent lyes and dyed, so that there hathe not come to thandes of the Chauncelor of Englande or Lorde Keeper of the great Seale anye bill or billes assigned withe the Kinges Majesties hande, for the namynge appoyntinge or assigninge of anye newe Custos Rotulop in the same Shires, the saide Offices have remayned voyde for a longe tyme, to the great lett of Justice; And also for that yt shalbe verie tedyous and muche to the molestinge of the Kings Majestie upon ev’ye avoydaunce of suche Custos Rotulop by deathe or otherwise, to move his Majestie for the signinge of billes for other psons to be elected named chosen and appoynted to supplye the saide Offices of Custos Rotulop beinge voyde; And for that the noiac&n and appoyntinge of the saide Office of Custos Rotulo^ longe tyme before the makinge of the saide Statute laste before rehersed did apperteyne and belonge to the Office of the Chauncellor of Englande or Lorde Keeper of the great Seale for the tyme beinge: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That the Chauncelor of Englande or Lorde Keeper of the great Seale for the tyme beinge shall at all tymes hereafter, and from tyme to tyme, without anye bill or billes to be assigned withe the Kinges hande, name electe assigne and appoynte suche pson and psons to be Custos Rotulop within ePye Shire of this Realme of Englande Wales and other the Kings Domynions Marches and Territories of the same, or [by1] any of them, as by the discrec&n of the saide Lorde Chauncelor or Lorde Keper of the greate Seale for the tyme beinge shalbe thought liable and mete to have and excise the same: And that the saide parson and parsons soe to be appoynted elected named or assigned by the saide Lorde Chauncelor or Lorde Keper of the greate Seale for the tyme beinge, shall and maye occupye excise and enjoye the same Office of Custos Rotuloj, by him selfe or by his sufficient Deputye or Deputyes, in as ample and large manner and fourme as yf the saide Acte had never bene had ne made; The before rehersed Acte or any thinge therm contcyncd to the contrarie hereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all suche as nowe have any of the saide Offices of Custos Rotulo^, by the Kinges tres patentf or Comyssion to them or anye of them made, shall and may enjoye have and excise their saide Offices by vertue of the same ires patentf or Comyssion, by himselfe or his sufficient and liable Deputye instructed in the Lawes of this Realme; Any thinge in this psent Acte had or made to the cont*rye notwithstandinge.

Provided also that it be enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the Archebisshopp of Yorke the Bisshopp of Durham the Bisshopp of Elye, and everie of their successors, the Chauncelor of the Dutchie of Lancastre for the tyme beinge, and all and everie pson and psons corporacions and bodyes corporated, to whom the Kinges Majestie or anye of his noble pgenitors, by his or their tres patentf or Acte of Parliament, have gyven and graunted anye libertye and auctoritie, or otherwise have auctoritie by other laufull meanes or wayes, to ordeyne make and constitute anye of the saide Officers of Custos Rotulof, within any Countie Palentyne or other Place, shall and maye have and enjoye the same libertye Sc auctoritie accordinge as they have had and enjoyed the same; Anye thinge in this psent Acte hadd or made to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

1 This Word is also in the Original Act.

A.D. 15 49-50.

3° & 4° Edw. VI. c. 2.

101

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the true makinge of Wollen Clothes.

FORASMUCHE as by the slayte and subtill makinge of Clothes and Colors within divers parts of this Realme, Evil* from the nowe of late practized and used, not onlye greate infamyes and slaunders hathe growen to the same Realme, c&hs!*!? °f but also the Kings Majesties faithfull and true Subjects have susteyned greate losse in the use and wearinge of the same Clothes soe sleightlie and subtillye made: For remedye and reformac&n whereof, be it ordeyned and enacted by the Kinges moste Excellent Majestie withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this $sent Parliament assembled and by the auctoride of the same, That everie Clothier and Clothemaker shall from the feaste of Clothim shall ml the Anundafbn of our Ladye next comynge sett his seale of ledd to his Clothe, declaringe therbye the just lenghthes thelr Cloth* * thereof to be tried by the Water; And that noe pson shall from the saide Feaste strayne or stretche any sett Clothes how fir only Dot hi or anye other Clothe, above one Yarde and an halfe in lenghe and a quarter of a Yarde in bredeth, upon payne to ,hl11 * *tretch*d 1 forfeyte forde shillingf for everie defalte; and that noe pson nor psons shall from the saide Feaste upon payne, laste before how much Cloth remembred, put to Sale any Clothe which when it shalbe wette shall shrincke more then one Yarde and a halfe in all the *0 ,Jmkf°Wed lengethe, and a quarter of a Yarde in the bredethe; And that narrowe Straytes and Kersei* shall not from the saide stretching and Feaste, be stretched above a Yarde in lenghe and halfe a quarter of a Yarde in bredethe, upon the payne for everie default therin twentye shillingf; Nor shall put to sale anye Clothe narrow Streyte or Kersey the peecf whereof beinge wette shall shrincke more then after the same se^all rates in the hole pece, upon payne to forfeyte for everie suche offence twende shillingf: And further that noe pson or psons occupyinge the feate of dyenge, shall dye or alter into How Cloth Colors or cause to be dyed or altered into Colors, any Woollen Clothes, as browne blewes piewkes tawneys or *'"11 *

violettf, Excepte the same Woollen Clothes be pfytlie boyled grayned or madered upon the Woad, and shotte withe good & sufficient Corke or Orchall, after a due substanciall and sufficient manner of workemanshippe according to the auncient workemanshippe in tyme paste used, upon payne for everie defalte to forfeit twende shillingf; Nor that any Dying of Wooli; pson shall from the saide Feaste dye any Wooli to be converted into Clothe called Russettf Musters Marbles Grayes Royes and suche lyke colors, or to be converted and made into hattf or cappes, unlesse the same Wooli be pfectlie woaded boyled and maddered accordinge to the true and auncyent usage, upon the payne of forfeyture for the false dyinge of ev'ye suche Clothe or of asmuche Wooli as shall serve for the makinge of evye Clothe contrarie to the true meaninge hereof, forde shillingf; Nor shall dye withe brasell to thintent to make a false color in Clothe nor Woole, Dying with Brazil; hattf nor cappes, upon payne for everie defalte to forfeyt twende shillingf: And that noe pson or psons shall after the Putting Flocki,

saide Feaste put any Flockf chalke flower or sterche or any other deceyveable thinge upon any sett Clothe or upon SurdhunOothi;

anye other Clothe or Clothes colored or uncolored, upon payne to forfeyt for everie suche Offence forde shillingf:

And that noe pson shall from the said Feaste occupye anye yeron cardes or pyckardf in [rowninge1 ] of anye sett Clothe Iron Cardi shall or any manner of Woollen Clothe, upon payne to forfeyte aswell the saide Yeron cardes or pickardes, as also the some of lowing Chathi; twende shillingf for ev*ye suche offence : Nor that anye parson shall from the saide Feaste sell anye Clothe by any other Cloth shall be told lesse measure than after the true content thereof to be moten & measured by the yarde, addinge to everie yarde one ynche i^hl'accordingto of the rule, accordinge to the Statute made in the sixt yere of the raigne of the most worthie Prince of moste famous 6 Hen. VIII. c.9.

memorye Kinge Henrie theight father unto our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that nowe ys; uppon payne to forfeyt for

e9y yarde of Clothe so put to sale by any other lesse measure sixe shillingf and eight pence: And that noe pson shall Prmed Cloth shall from the saide Feaste put to sale here within the Realme either by retaill or otherwise, anye Clothe beinge pressed, *old "

to be occupied and wome here within the Realme of Englande Wales or Irelande, upon payne of forfeyture of the same Clothe or the value thereof that have bene so pressed and put to sale as ys laste before remembred.

And for the better executinge of this Statute be it enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that in everie Towne Village Appointment of or Hamlett beinge not corporate, where anye Clothe shalbe made or solde, the Justicf of Peace of the same Shire where Ovemeeriof Cloth any suche Towne Village or Hamlett is, or two of them att the least, and in everie Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate T^>wn'i°*c.*tli»t 0 the hedd Officer or Officers of everie the same Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate, together withe the Wardyns of the Clothworkers or two of them at the least, shall have full power and auctoride by vertue of this Acte once everie yere Corporation!, kc. to convent and call before them, by their p>cepte or otherwise, two sower sixe eight or more as they shall thincke good by their discrecbn, of the most honest dyscrete and indyfferent men of everie suche Cittie Boroughe Towne Village or Hamelett where anye Clothe shalbe made or solde, and them shall constitute ordeyne and appoynt to be Overseers for one hole yere then next followinge, within the Cittie Boroughe Towne Village or Hamelett where the same Overseers shalbe dwellinge; charging them also upon their othes and as they doe tender the honor of the Realme and the Oath of inch Comon Wealth of the same, That they doe endevor them selfes for that yere as muche as in them shall lye, to see that °Tcr*eer*-this Statute be trulie observed and kepte within the lymytf of their charge in everie parte thereof: And that the same Such Owatn Overseers or two of them, shall everie quarter of the saide Yere at the least, or so often as nede shall requyre by their ^rci7ctothi° discrec&ns, by force hereof vysite and goe into everie Clothiers Drapers Clothworkers Dyers and Pressors howses "d Wool in ^ shoppes and other places where Clothe or dyed Wooli shalbe, and there to make due serche and to viewe the Clothes ciothi*™, Dien, and Woolles made or dyed or remayninge to be soulde, and to serche and trye aswell whether the saide Clothes be ^ drawen or streyned or falsely died, as also of all other the defaultf before specified comytted or done contrarie to the Penaltiei incurred true meanynge of this Acte; and yf upon the serche the Clothes be founde drawen or streyned or the Clothe or under thi*Act-Woolls falsely died or colored, or any other of the saide faltf comytted or done contrarie to the true meanynge of this Statute, that then the saide se^all forfeytures to encurre uppon the partye or partyes whiche shall offende in the same or in anye of them; thone halfe of all whiche forfeytures to be unto the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde his heires or successors, and thother halfe to suche of the saide Overseers as dothe fynde the saide defaltf or causes of forfeytures.

1 rowinge 0.

D d

b

102

3°&4°Edw.V1. c. 2, 3.

A.D. 1549-50.

and that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde or before the Justicf of Peace within anye suche Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate, or before the Justicf of Peace within any Shire where anye suche forfeytures shalbe hadd out of any Cittie or Towne corporate; the same suyte to be pursued by bill playnte acc&n of debte informac&n or otherwise, and in whiche suyte noe wager of Lawe essoyne or ptection shalbe allowed for the defendaunte: And yf the saide Overseers shalbe negligent and will not sue for the same forfeytures by the space of one halfe yere next after the cause of the same forfeytures comytted and done, that then the one halfe of the same forfeyture to be unto our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires or successors, and the other halfe to him whiche will sue for the same as ys aforesaide, within one other halfe yere next after suche defalte be had by the saide Overseers. And yf anye of the saide peons so comaunded to appeare to be made Overseers as ys aforesaide, and havinge noe reasonable excuse, doe refuse to come and to take upon him or them to be an Overseer as ys aforesaide, that then everie suche pson soe refusinge and havinge noe reasonable excuse so to doe to forfett for everie suche refusmge sortie shillingf, the one halfe therof to be to the Kinge our saide Soveraigne his heires or successors, and the other halfe to the Justicf of Peace or other hedd Officer or Officers by whose comaundment he was comaunded to appeare or to be an Overseer, and the same Overseer so offendinge to remayne in Warde of the Sherief untill suche tyme as he hathe made payment of the saide forfeyture or otherwise put in suffycient bonde for the satisfaction of the same: And yf the same Overseers or two of them at the least doe not once everie quarter of the yere make due serche for the true executinge of this Statute, that then everie of the saide Overseers to forfeyt for everie suche defalte tenne pounde; the one halfe to be to the Kinges Highnes his heires or successors, and thother halfe to him that will sue for the same, by bill playnte accon of debte informacSn or otherwise, in whiche suyte noe essoyne or ptecc&n shalbe allowed for the defendaunte. And yf the saide Overseers shalbe interrupted and not suffered to enter into the saide Houses shoppes or other places where anye suche Clothes or Woolles shalbe made or dyed, or any other of the saide defaltf shall happen to be done or comytted, there to make serche for the better executinge of this Statute, that then everie one that soe shall make anye suche interruption shall forfeyt twentye pounds ; the one halfe of whiche forfeyture to be to our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires or successors, and thother halfe thereof to be to the saide Overseers to whom anye suche interrupcSn shall be made, and the same to be obteyned and pursued for in suche manner and forme as before in this Acte ys expressed for the recoverie of other of the saide forfeytures.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shall and maye be laufull to e&ye pson and psons to put to sale any Clothe or Clothes made dyed or prest, whiche before the saide Feaste of the Annuciac&n of our Ladye, shalbe made dyed or prest, at anye tyme within one yere nexte after the saide Feast of the Anunciacon of our Ladye, so as the Alnager or his Deputye, or other hedd Officer in any suche Cittie Boroughe Towne Village or Hamelett, doe put some notorious marke to everie suche Clothe wherby the same maye be knowen to be made before the saide Feast of the Purification of our Ladye next comynge.

IV. ^ Provided also that noe manner of pson shall take anye advantage of anye of the saide forfeitures by reason of this

Actions, One Year. Statute, unlesse the same pson dothe comence his suyte within one yere next after the saide offencf and forfeytures comytted.

V. And to thintent that all suche Clothes as shalbe made within this Realnte or any other of the Kings l>nions after

in'f inure 'be marked the saide Feast, shalbe the better known from thother Clothes made before the same tyme; Be it therfor enacted by with the Letter E. thauctoritie aforesaide, that everie Clothier shall, before suche tyme as he shall putt his Clothe to sale, beinge made after the saide Feast, cause everie Clothe to be marked withe a letter of E crowned, wrought in the Clothe, upon payne of forfeyture for ePye Clothe so beinge solde and not marked withe the saide Ire of E. by anye suche Clothyer twentye shillingf; the one halfe of whiche forfeyture to be to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires or successors, and thother to him that will sue for the same in manner and fourme before rehersed.

If O veneers

neglect to sue within Half a Year, any one may sue within the next Half Year:

Penalty on Persona appointed Overseen refusing to act as such;

or neglecting to search, &c.

Penalty on Persons

obstructing

Overseers.

HI.

Proviso for Sale of Cloths already made.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte conceminge the ymprovement of Comons and Waste Groundes.

Recital of Stat. of Merton, to H. LL c. 4. as to improving of Waster.; and Assi -e given for Common of Pasture;

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Marton in the twentith yere of the raigne of Kinge Henrie the thirde, it ys conteyned. That for because many greate men of Englande whiche had enfeoffed Knyghtf and other their free Ten'ntes of [smale1 ] tentes in their great Mannors, did complayne that they might not make their pfyttf of the residue of their Mannors, as of Waste Woods and Pastures, where the same feoffees had sufficient pasture as muche as belonged unto their teiitf ; It was pvyded and graunted that whatsoever psons soe enfeoffed, brought Assise of Novell Disseison of their Comon of Pasture, and before the Justicf it were recognized that they had asmuche pasture as did suffice unto their tethf, and that they had free ingresse and egresse into and from their tentes unto their pasture, that then they sholde therwithe be contented, and that they upon whom they had complayned shoulde departe quyte, withe that that they might make their pfytt of their lands wastf woodes and pastures; And yf it were saide that they had not sufficient pasture or suffycient ingresse and egresse, as muche as dothe belonge unto their teiitf, as ys abovesaide, that then the trueth thereof shoulde be enquired by assise, and yf it were recognized by thassise that their ingresse and egresse were in any thinge letted by the same deforciators, or that they had not sufficient pasture and sufficient ingresse and egresse as is abovesaide, that then they shoulde recover their seison by vewe of the Jurors, so that by the discrecon and

' small 0.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Enw.VI. c. 3.

103

othe of them the complayn'ntf sholde have sufficient pasture and sufficient ingresse and egresse in fourme aforesaide, and that the disseisors sholde be in amercyament of the Kinge, and sholde yelde damages as they were wonte to doe before the same pvysion; And yf it were recognized by the assise that the complayn'ntf had suffydent pasture, withe free ingresse and egresse as ys abovemencioned, that then the other might laufullye doe their pfytt of the residue, and sholde goe quyte from the same Assise j as in the saide Estatute more playnelie appeareth: And Where also in the Parliament holden at Westni after Easter the thirtenthe yere of the raigne of Kinge Edwarde the fyrste, It was ordeyned, That where in the Statute made at Merton, yt was agreed that Lordes of Wastf Woods and Pastures might approve them selfes of their Wastf Woods and Pastures, notwithstandinge the gaynesayinge and contradiction of their Ten*ntes, whiles the same Ten*ntf had sufficient pasture to their tefitf, withe fre ingresse and egresse into and from the same, and for that noe mencion was made betwene Neighbor and Neighbor manye Lordes of wastf woods and pastures unto that tyme were lett by cont*diccbn or gaynsayinge of Neighbors havinge sufficient pasture: And forasmuche as forren Ten’ntes have noe greater righte of Comonynge in the wood waste or pasture of any Lorde then the pper Ten*ntes of the same Lorde, it was from thensforthe ordeyned that the saide Statute pvyded at Merton betwene the Lorde and his Ten*ntf sholde have place from thensforthe betwene the Lordes of wastf woods and pasture and Neighbors, savinge sufficient pasture to their men and neighbors; so that the Lordes of the same waste wastf woods and pastures maye approve them selfes of the residue j and that the same sholde be observed of them that clayme pasture as pteyninge to their Ten*ntes; but yf anye man dayme comon of pasture by spiall feoflament or graunte, to a certen nombre of beastf, or otherwise then of comon of right he ought to have it, where coven*nte doth abrogate the lawe, he shall have suche recoverie as he oughte to have by fourme of the graunte to him made; and that by occaf&n of a Winde Mill Shepe house Dairy augmentation or increase of anye courts necessarie or curtilage, fromthensforth noe man sholde be greived by Assise of Novell Dysseison of Comon of pasture; And forasmuche as it happenethe sometyme that some men havinge right to approve to him selfe hathe made or levyed a ditche or a hedge, and other, by nyghte or suche other tyme when they beleve their dede sholde not be knowen, doe or will cast downe the same ditche or hedge, and that it cannot be knowen by verdicte of Assise or Jurie who did caste downe the same dytche or hedge, nor the men of the nexte Townes will endyte them that be gyltye of the same deedes, then the nexte Towneshippes adjoyninge aboute the same shalbe distreyned to levye or make upp the same dytche or hedge at their pper costes, and to yelde damagf : as in the saide Estatute amongest other thinges more playnelye appeareth : And Forasmuche as the aforesaide Estatutf byne thought beneficial 1 for the Comon wealth of this Realme of Englande; Be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritye of the same, that all and everie the saide Statutf and all braunches clauses artycles sentencf matters and poyntf conteyned and specyfied in them and everie of them nowe not repealed, shall from hfensforthe be good and efifectuall; and also to stande and be in their full strenghe force and effecte.

Recital of St. Wettm. a.

Ij E. 1. at. I. c.46. e x tending the Power of Approvement by Lorde of Manors, ire.

The eaid recited Acte confirmed.

And Because that suche psons as shall bringe Assise of Novell Disseison upon the saide Estatutes, or uppon anye of Treble Damages them, shall by force of the same Estatutf recover but onelye single damagf, whiche ys thought to be a [smale'] recompence g(j’"'eto Per™’. for the same; Therefore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That all suche pson and psons as shall at any tyme b^g^under *"* hereafter bringe Assise upon anye braunche or artyde of the saide Estatutf, or anye of them, and have Judgment to recited AcU* recover, shall have his or their damagf trebyled by the Judgement of the Cort where suche Assise and Judgment shalbe had.

And Where in d$se Countries of this Realme there hathe byn buylded upon Comons or Waste Grounds certaine necessarie houses, withe grounde under the quantitye of three acres and not above thre acres, inclosed to and withe the shall not extend to same, & in some place there ys inclosed a Garden orcharde or ponde out of or in suche Wastf or Grounds whiche w»tei with °" excede not the quantity of two acres or theiraboutf, whiche dothe noe hurt and yet is muche comoditie to the owner Ground not thereof and to others : Be it therefore enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, That the saide two former Acts nor anye of Three A*re«. them nor any thinge in them or any of them conteyned, shall extende to any suche House Grounde or other thinge soe enclosed as ys laste herein before mencioned; ne shall cause any pson or psons to lose or forfeyt anye payne damage or penaltye for the same.

Provydbd alwayes and be it enacted, That yf anye suche House hathe byne heretofore builded upon anye suche waste IV.

Grounde as ys aforesaide, and that there be above the nomber of thre acres enclosed to the same, that then the saide bryoSTSree House, and thre acres parcell of the same enclosure, shall sdll remayne stande abyde and contynue in like and the A're',hiU * same fourme and degree as it nowe dothe, and that the overplus of the saide thre acres so enclosed as is aforesaide, ' 01>en

shall and maye be layed open by the owner or owners of the same Wastf ; any thinge in this Acte or in any of the saide former Acts to the cont*rye in any wise notwithstandinge.

1 small 0.

° Go glc

104

3°& 4° Edw.VI. c. 4, 5.

1549-50.

Grants of Lands, Sec. by Letters Patent of H.VIII. and Edw. VI. since February ay Hen. VIII.

Sales of Parts of such Lands by the Patentees;

Surrender or Forfeiture, fee. of the Original Letters Patents, endangering the Estate of the Parties under such Sales

Persons claiming Lands, dec. by force of the King’s Letters Patents, or under tin Patentees, may make Title by Exemplification or Constat of the Inrollment of such Letters Patent, which shall be as valid as the Original Patents.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte conceminge grauntf and gyftf made by Patentees out of Letters Patentf.

XT THE ARE the right noble and famous Kinge of full worthie memorie Kinge Henrie theight, father to our most VV dread and nowe naturall Soveraigne leege Lorde, sithence the fourthe daye of Februarie in the seaven and twentith yere of his late raigne, and also the Kinges most Excellent Majestie, by their se^all Ires patentf have given graunted bargayned solde and eschaunged, to and withe d$se and sondrie the Subjects of this Realme bodyes politique and corporate, in Fee Simple Fee Tayle for terme of lyes or yeres, divers Honors castells mannors lands teiitf and other heredytamentf and offices; after and synce whiche Grauntes bargaynes sales and exchaungf di9se of the saide patentees, their heires successors or assignes, have bargayned solde gyven exchaunged or demysed div'se pticuler parts parcellf or porebns of the saide Honnors castellf mannors landes teiitf heredytamentf and offices or other things thereunto apperteyninge or belonginge to other pson or psons bodies politic and corporate, that ys to saye, to some of them in Fee Symple, to some others in Fee Taile for terme of lyes or yeres or otherwise; and after, the same patentees for considerac&ns them movinge have surrendred and given up their saide tres patentf into the Chauncerie, or otherwise the same tres patentf have bene forfeyted by attainder, lost cancelled ymbesiled, or by other wayes or meanes have comen to the handes of the Kings Majestie his late father, and thereuppon oftetymes thenrolment of the same hathe bene made voyde and frustrate sometyme in parte and some tyme in the hole; By reason wherof suche psons bodyes politique or corporate as have had interest or tytle in or to the same Castellf mannors or pticuler porc&as or parcellf of the same, so to them given and gr*unted, have byne in tyme past and in tyme to come are lyke to be disherited or in danger of losse of their interest in or to the same, to their noe little hyndraunce and pill: For Remedye whereof be it ordeyned established and enacted by thauctoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That all and everie pson or psons bodyes politique or corporate, whiche laufully shall or maye clayme by force of anye patent or patentf made sithence the saide fourth daye of Februarie, or hereafter to be made by the Kinges Majestie his heires or successors Kinges of this Realme or by anye of them, and all other that nowe have or hereafter shall happen to have any good or laufull estate right title rente pfytt interest or possession of in to or out of anye Honors mannors lands teiitf hereditamentf or offyees, or of other things to anye of the pmisses apperteyninge or belonginge, or to anye parte parcell or membre of them or anye of them, by from or under anye suche patentee or patentees or anye of them, or by from or under the heires successors or assignes of them or of anye of them, or by from or under the estate of any others whiche hadd have or hereafter shall have thestate tytle or interest of anye suche patentee or patentees, or by any other meanes under the date of suche tres patentf, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter, in anye the Kings Courts his heires or successors and ells where by vertue of this pJsent Acte, make and convey unto him selfe tytle, by waye of declaracon playnte avowrye title barre or otherwise, aswell againste the Kinges Highnes his heires and successors and everie of them, as againste anye other pson or psons, unto the saide Honors castellf mannors landes teiitf offices and other the pmisses or any parte or parcell of the same, unto them or any of their predecessors or auncestors or other whose estate they have in the same, by from or under the saide patentees or any of them or theires auncestors or assignees of any of them, or otherwise under the date of the saide tres patentf, comprised and conteyned in anye Exemplificacbn or Constat thereof, made or to be made, by the shewing forth of the saide Exemplificacbn or Constat of the Rolle, or of so muche thereof as shall serve for the matter in variaunce, under the greate Seale of Englande, and the same Exemplification or Constat of the saide enrolment, so as ys aforesaide pleaded and showed, shalbe of lyke and the same force and effecte to all intentf and constructions in the Lawe as the saide firste tres patentf were and sholde be of, yf the same were or sholde be pleaded or shewed.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the punyshment of Unlawfull Assemblyes and rysinge of the Kings Subjects.

For preserving the Public Peace (

If Twelve Persons or more assembled together attempt toltill or imprison any Privy Counsellor, or to alter the Laws, and being commanded by the Sheriff, See. to retire, shall remain together for one Hour, or do any Thing in such Attempt, such Offence declared to be High Treason.

F)RASMUCHE as it ys most necesserie in a Comon Wealth to pvyde that tranquilide and peace maye be contynued in the Realme, and that all things beinge contrarie therunto may by foresight be eschewed; Therefore it is ordeyned and enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes and Comons of this pfeent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that if anye psons, to the nombre of twelve or above, beinge assembled together, at anye tyme after the twelveth daye of Februarye next comynge, shall intende goe aboute practise or put in ure withe force of armes unlaufullye and of their owne auctoritye to murder kill slaye take or ymprisone anye of the Kings most honorable Privey Counsell, or unlaufullye to alter or chaunge anye Lawes made or established for Religion by auctoritie of Parliament, or anye other Lawes or Estatutes of this Realme or anye of them, the same nombre of twelve or above beinge comaunded or required by the Sheriff of the Shire, or by anye Justice of Peace of the same Shyre, or by the Mayer Sherifff Justice of Peace or Baylifff of anye Cittye Boroughe or Towne corporate, where anye suche Assembly shalbe unlaufully had or made, by Pclamaf&n in the Kings name to retyre and repayre to their owne Houses habytac&ns or places from whence they came, and they or anye of them notwithstandinge suche <Pclamac6n, shall remayne or make their abode or contynue together, by the space of one hole hower after suche comaundment or request made by Pclamacbn; Or after that, shall willinglie in forcible or ryottous manner attempte to doe or put in ure any the things abovespified, that then aswell everie suche abode or contynuynge together, as everie suche acte or offence

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Enw.VI. c.5

105

that after suche i’clamaf&n comaundment or request had or made shalbe attempted to be done practised or put in ure by any peons beinge of the nombre aforesaide, shalbe judged Highe Treason, in all and singuler those psons that so shall make their abode or contynue together, or shall attempte or comytt any suche Acte; and the Offendors therin their aydors abettors and peurors to be adjuged Traytore to the Kinge and the Realme, and shall suffire execuc&n of deathe as in case of highe Treason.

And Furthermore be it enacted ordeyned and established by thauctorite aforesaide, that yf anye psons to the saide nomber of twelve or above, after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, shall intende goe aboute practise or put in ure in manner and fourme aforesaide, to overthrowe cutt breake caste downe or digg upp the Pales hedgf dytehes or other closure of any parks parke or other groundes or grounde enclosed, or the banckf of anye fyshe ponde or poole, or any Conduytf for water conduyte heddes or conduyt pypes havinge course of water, to thintent that the same or anye of them from thensfforthe sholde remayne open not enclosed or voyde, or unlaufullye to have edmon or waye in the saide parks parke or other grounds or grounde enclosed or in anye of them, or to distroye the Dere in any manner parks parke, or any warrens or warren of Conyes or any dovehouses, or anye fyshe in anye ponde or poole, or to pull or cutt downe any Houses barnes mylles or bayes, or to bume anye stakkf of Come or grayne, or to abate defalke or dymynishe the rents or yerelye value of anye Mannors londes or tefltes, or the price of anye victuall corne or grayne or anye other thinge usuall for the susten‘nce of men, and beinge requyred or comaunded by anye Justice of Peace or by the Sheriff of the Countie or by the Mayor Baylyff or Baylyfff or other hedd officers of anye Cittie or Towne corporate where suche Assembly shalbe had, by <PcIamac5n to be made in the Kinges name, to retyre or retome in peacible manner to their habitac&ns placf and houses from whence they came, and they or any of them notwithstandinge suche Pclamac&n shall remayne or make their abode or contynue together by the space of one hole hower after suche comaundment or request made by pclamacftn, or after that shall in forcible manner attempte to doe or put in ure anye of the things laste before mencioned, that then aswell everie suche abode or contynuynge togither, as ev’y suche Acte that after suche PclamacSn comaundment or request had or made, shalbe done practised or put in ure by any psons beinge above the nomber of twelve, shalbe adjudged felonye, And the Offendors therein to be adjudged Fellons and shall suffre execucSn of death as in case of felonye, and everie of the same psons to lose the benefytt of his Clergie and Sainctuarie.

And also yt is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritye obovesaide, that yf any pson or psorts, after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, unlaufullye and without auctoritie, by ringing of any bell or bells, soundinge of anye drome trumpett home or other instrument whatsoever, or by fyeringe of any beacon, by malicious speakinge or utteringe of any wordes or makinge anye out crie, or by settinge uppe or castinge of any bills bill or writinge whatsoever, or by any other deede or acte, shall raise or cause to be raysed or assembled any psons to the nomber of twelve or above, to thintent that the same psons sholde doe comytt or put in ure anye of the acts or things above menconed, and that the psons to the nombre of twelve or above so raysed or assembled, after request or comaundment had or given in fourme aforesaide shall make their abode or contynue together as ys aforesaide, or unlauftillie ppetrate doe comytt or putt in ure anye of the acts or things above saide, that then all and singuler psons, by whose speakinge deade acte or any other the meanes above spilled any psons to the nomber of twelve or above shalbe raised or assembled for the doinge comyttinge or puttinge in ure anye of the actes or things abovemenc&ned, shalbe adjudged for his speakinge or doinge a felon, and shall suffre execuf&n of deathe as in case of felonye and shall lose his benefytt of Sainctuarie and Clergie.

And over that it ys ordeyned and enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye psons, to the nombre of fourtye or above, after the saide twelveth daye of Februarye shalbe assembled together in forcible manner, unlaufullye and of their owne auctoritie to thintent to doe eXcise or putt in ure anye of the things abovemenc&ned, or to doe any other trayterous fellonyous or rebellious acte or acts, and so shall contynue by the space of twoe howres, that then everie pson soe beinge willingly assembled in forcible manner and so contynuynge by the space of two flowers, shalbe adjudged a Traytor to the Kinge and to the Realme and shall suffre execuc&n of death as in case of highe Treason: And also that yf any wyeff or 'Svaunte of any of the same psons or any other pson whatsoever shall willinglie and without compulsion bringe sende deliver or convey any money harnes artillerie weapon meat bred drincke or other victuall to any pson or psons so beinge assembled as ys aforesaide, duringe suche tyme as he or they shall soe be assembled or be together as ys aforesaide, that then everie wyeff servaunte or other pson so bringinge sendinge delyveringe or conveyinge any money harnes artillerie weapon meat bread drincke or victuall to the same psons so beinge assembled togither in forcible manner or to any of them, shalbe adjudged a Traytor to the Kinge and to the Realme and shall suffre execuC&n of deathe as in case of high Treason.

And furthermore yt is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide. That everie pson that at any tyme hereafter shalbe attaynted of or for any of the Treasons or Treason abovemenc&ed,' shall upon his saide attaynder forfeyt his Goods catallf interests for terme of lyes and of yeres lands tentes and other hereditamentf, in lyke manner and fourme as any pson attaynted of felonye onlye shoulde or ought forfeytt by the c5mon Lawes of this Realme and not otherwise; that ys to saye, the Kinge to have the yere and daye and waste of suche Landes and tents whereof any pson so attaynted shall at anye tyme of the Treason edmytted or at anye tyme after, have of estate of Fee Simple, and also the Goods and cattallf reall and psonall; and the Lordes of whome the saide Lands and terltf or any parte thereof shalbe holden, to have and enjoye the Londf and teiltes holden of him or them for ever, in suche the same manner and fourme as in cases of attaynder of felonye at the comen Lawe: And that everie pson that at anye tyme hereafter shalbe attaynted of any of the Treasons aforesaide, shall forfeyt the Landes and tehtf and other hereditamentf

II.

If Twelve Penoiii or more attempt to break down the Inclosure of any Park, See. t or the Banks, kc. of any Fish-pond or Conduit; or to hare Common or Way in any auch Park, kc. or to destroy any Deer, Dore-House,

Fish, kc. or to pull down Houses or Bams, or to bum Stacks of Cora, or to abate Rents or the Prices of Corn, kc. and being commanded to retire, kc. shall remain together, kc. such Offence declared to be Felony, without Clergy.

III.

Persons calling such Assemblies together by Bell, Trumpet, Outcry, or Hand-bills, Sec. declared guilty of Felony without Clergy.

IV.

Persons to the Number of Forty continuing assembled together forTwo Hours, for committing the foregoing or any other traiterous, rebellious, or felonious Act, declared Traitors;

and alto Wives and Servants assisting them without Compulsion.

V.

Forfeiture of Lands and Goods on Attainder for such Treason.

106

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.5.

VI.

Periona to the Number of Two and under Twelve muembled together, and attempting to kill any Subject, or to pull down any Incloturr, &c. not dispersing on Proclamation, shall be subject to Imprisonment,

Fine, and Ransom.

Damages and Treble Costs to Parties grieved by such unlawful Acts.

whereof he shalbe seised of anye estate in Taile or for terme of lief or Jyves at the tyme of any suche Treason comytted, or at any tyme after, duringe his lyes onely and noe longer ; unlesse the pson so attaynted shalbe thereof seased in his demesne as of fee at the tyme of the saide Treason comytted or at anye tyme after; And that after the decease of the same pson so attaynted, all and singuler suche pson and psons as sholde have had and enjoyed suche Landes tents and other hereditamentf, as any pson that at anye tyme hereafter shalbe attaynted of or for anye Treason abovespified, shall fortune to be seised of any estate in taile or for terme of lyes at the tyme of anye suche Treason comytted, or at any tyme after, shall, after the deathe of the same pson that so shall fortune to be attaynted, have and enjoye the saide Landes tehtes and other hereditamentf, in lyke manner and fourme as thoughe noe suche attayndor had bene had j any lawe or usage to the confrye in anywise notwithstandinge.

And furthermore yt ys ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that yf any psons, above the nombre of two and under the nombre of twelve, beinge assembled together at any tyme after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, shall intend goe aboute practise or put in ure withe force and armes unlaufullye and of their owne auctoritie to murder kill or slaye any of the Kings Majesties Subjects, or to overthrowe cutt breake caste downe or digg uppe the Pales hedgf dytches walls or other closure of anye parks parke or other grounde enclosed, or the banke of any fyshe ponde or poole, to thintent that the same or anye of them from thensforthe sholde remayne open not enclosed or voyde, or to have comon or waye in the same parks parke or other groundes or ground enclosed or in anye of them, or to distroye any manner of parks or parke or fyshe ponde or poole or any warrens or warren of conyes, or any dovehouses, or to pull or cutt downe any house bame mill, or to burne any stackf of come or grayne, or alter defalke or abate the rents or yerelie value of any mannors landes or tents of any of the Kings Subjects or the price of any victuall come or grayne, or any other thinge usuall for the susten*nce or apparell of men, and being required or comaunded by any Justice of Peace or the Sheriffe of the Countye or by any Mayor Baylifff or Bayliffe or other hed officer of any Citde or Towne corporate where suche assembly shalbe had, by pclamac&n to be made in the Kings name to retyer or retome to their habitac&ns placf or houses, and they so requyred by suche Pclamaf&n shall not soe doe, but after that shall in forcible manner in forme aforesaide attempte to doe or put in ure any of the things laste above mencioned, that then everie of the same psons, beinge above the nombre of two and under the nombre of twelve, shall suffer ymprisonment of his or thire bodyes by the space of one yere without bayle or maynprise, and shall make fyne and raunsome at the Kings will and pleasure : And also that yf anye pson or psons at anye tyme after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie shalbe dampnyfyed or hurted by the doynge comyttinge or puttinge in ure of anye unlaufull acte or thinge above mencyoned, that then all and singuler psons so dampnyfied or hurte, shall recover and have damagf, withe the costs of their suyte susteyned in that behalfe trebled, againste the offendors therein.

VII.

For tuppreuion of all »uch Assemblies;

Where more than Two are assembled for any auch unlawful Purpose, any Just ice of Peace, Sheriff, Mayor, he. or Persona commissioned by the King, &c. may assemble People to suppress such Assembly by force; and to apprehend and kill the Offenders.

And for so muche as suche evill disposed psons whiche of late tyme made comocions and rebellion in certeyne places within this Realtne, beinge but fewe in nombre at suche tyme as they did begynne the same comotion, were not in shorte tyme after the begynynge thereof suppressed by strenghe, for that the Kings lovinge Subjects for feare to encurre in daunger of the Lawes of this Realme durst not take upon them so to doe, a great nomber of evill disposed psones did come and joyne them selves to the saide small nombre, wherby the same evill disposed psons toke upon them suche boldnes that they wolde not be reduced to obedience without muche bloodshedinge, to the great daunger of the Kings Majesties pson, where yf the Kings lovinge Subjects durst have taken upon them to have suppressed them at the begynnynge, suche inconvenience and bloudshed sholde not have followed: Therefore yt is also ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye psons above the nombre of two, that at anye tyme after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, shalbe unlaufully and of their owne auctoritie assembled togither, to thintent withe force and armes to doe practise or put in ure any of the thinges abovemencioned, that then it shalbe laufull to everie Justice of Peace, and to everie Sheriffe in anye Countie beinge within the Kings Iknions, and to everie Mayor Bayliffe and other hedd Officer of any Cittie or Towne corporate for the tyme he shalbe in Office, or any other pson or psons havinge the Kings Comyssion or Ires from his Highnes or his Privy Counsel), as well to rayse and assemble the Kings lovinge Subjects in manner of warre to be arrayed in suche great nombre as he or they then shall thincke mete or able, to thintent by violence and strenght to suppresse appffiende and take the saide psons that so shalbe unlaufullye assembled ; And that yf the saide psons soe unlaufully assembled, after suche edmaundment or request by Pclamacon or otherwise made shall contynue togither, and not endevor them selfes to retorne towards their Habitacons houses or placf from whence they came in suche shorte tyme as they maye convenientlie, that then yt shalbe laufull to everie Justice of Peace Sheriff and also to everie Mayor Bayliff and other hed Officer of any Cittie or Towne corporate, and to everie other pson havinge auctoritie as ys aforesaide, after suche comaundment or request by •Pclamac&n made, and to suche psons as shalbe assembled withe anye Justice of Peace or Sheriff or withe any Mayor Bayliff or other hedd Officer of anye Cittie or Towne corporate, and withe everie other pson havinge auctoritie as ys aforesaide, to suppresse apphende and take those psons so unlaufully assembled, whiche after suche request made shall contynue together and not endevor them selves to retome towards their habitaf&ns or places from whence they came: And that yf the saide psons so unlaufullye assembled togither or anye of them shall fortune to be killed slavne maymed or hurte in or aboute the suppressinge or takinge of them, that then everie suche Justice of Peace Sheriff Mayor Bayliffe and other hed Officer, and everie other pson havinge auctoritie as ys aforesaide, and all and singuler psons by him or them assembled shalbe free discharged and unpunysheable, aswell againste the Kinge as againste all and everie other pson and psons, of for or conceminge the killinge slayinge maymynge and hurtinge of any pson or psons so unlaufully assembled, that shall fortune to be killed slayne maymed or hurte aboute or by occac&n of suppressinge or takinge of them.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 5

107

VIH, Copyholder! between 18 and 6o Year* old, being required by airy Sheriff, &c. or by their immediate Lord, to aerre the King in luppreiaing •uch Attembliei, refuting to to do, thall forfeit their Copyholdt for their own Livet,

Farmers, fcc. refuting to to terre shall forfeit their Farmt to the Landlord!, for their Livet only.

And Furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Copyeholder or Customarye holder, beinge artificer husbandman or laborer, and beinge of the age of eightene yeres or more and under thage of threscore yeres, not sycke ympotent lame maymed ne havinge anye just or reasonable excuse or cause to the contrarie, and beinge requyred by the Sheriffe Justice or Justicf of the peace or other havinge auctoritie by this Acte, or by Comyssion or tree as is abovesaide in that behalfe, they declaringe theire saide auctoritye, or beinge requyred by the ymediat Lorde or Lordes of whome suche Copyholdes or Customarie holdes then shalbe holden to serve the Kings Majestie for anye the causes above rehersed, and refuse so to doe, shall only duringe the lyes of suche pson or psons so refusinge, forfeyt and lose to his or their Lorde or Lordes of whom suche Copye or Oscomarie holdes then shalbe ymediatlye holden and sholde be holden duringe the lyes of suche pson or psons so refusing*.-, in case he or they had not so refused, all their Coppiholdes and Customarye holdes: And that yt shalbe laufiill to everie suche Lorde or Lordes their heires or assignes, of whome suche Copyholdes or Customarie holdes shalbe ymediatlye holden, and sholde have bene holden in case suche pson or psons had not so refused, by vertue of this psent Acte to enter and take into his or their handes or possession all suche Coppiholdes and Customarie holds so holden of them or any of them yffiediatlye, and to retayne the same duringe onelye the lyflfe of everie suche offendor or offendors, in suche manner and fourme as he or they sholde have had the rents and §vicf of suche Coppiholde and Customarie holde, in case suche pson or psons soe refusinge had not refused:

And that all and e9ye fermor beinge a Yoman Husbandman Artificer or Laborer and beinge of thage of eightene yeres or more and under thage of threscore yeres, not sycke ympotent lame maymed ne havinge anye other just or reasonable excuse or cause to the contrarie, and beinge requyred by the Sheriff Justice or Justicf of the Peace or other havinge auctoritye by this Acte or by C5myssion or Ires as ys aforesaide in this behalfe, they declaringe their saide auctoritye, or being requyred by their Landlord or Landlordes for the tyme beinge to whom the rents of suche fames shalbe then risinge comynge or growinge, to serve the Kings Majestie for anye causes above rehersed, and refuse so to doe, shall duringe onely the lyes of suche fermor or fermors so refusinge, forfayte and lose, to suche Landlord and Landlordes as sholde have had the rents of suche ferms duringe the lyes and lyeff of suche pson and psons so refusinge, all their saide ferme6; and that it shalbe laufull to everie suche Landlorde and Landlordes their heires or assignes to whom the rents of suche fermes sholde have bene due duringe the lyes of such pson or psons so refusinge, in case suche pson or psons had not so refused, by vertue of this p*sent Acte to enter and take into his or thire handes or possession, all suche fermes and to reteyne the same duringe onely the lyes of ev'y suche offendor or offendors.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That after the death of everie suche Coppiholder pr0vi>o^ Custumarie holder or fermor as so shall offende and forfeyt any of thire saide Coppiholdf or Customarie holdes or fermes Reversioners, as ys aforesaide, that then all and everie suche pson and psons as sholde or ought to have had the saide Coppyholdes copyholdert or Customarie holds or fermes, after or by the deathe of suche Coppiholder Customarie holder or fermor, in case suche Farmer, to Coppiholder Customarie holder or fermor had not soe offended ne forfeyted, shall and maye have the same Coppieholdes Customary holdes and fermes by entrye accyon admyssion or otherwise, in lyke manner forme and condic&n and by suche wayes and meanes as they and everie of them sholde myght or ought to have had, yf noe suche forfeyture or offence had bene had done or comytted.

And furthermore it ys ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye pson or psons, after the saide pCTOTn, ^iting twelveth daye of Februarie, by open worde or deede shall peure move or sturre any other pson or psons to arise or »ch unlawful make anye trayterous or rebellious assemblye, to thintent to do excise or put in ure any of the things above mentioned, declared Felont that then everie pson so peuringe movinge or sturing any other, shall therefore be demed and adjudged a Felon, and without Clergy, suffer paynes of deathe & forfeyt his goods cattallf landes and tents as in cases of felonye, and shall also lose the benefytt of his Clergie and Sainctuarie.

And also Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf any pson or psons whiche at anye tyme after the ^ XI. ^ samp daye shalbe spoken unto moved or styrred to make any C.omocon Insurrection or unlaufull assemblye for any ,ot reveaHng tucli of thintentf abovemenedned, and do not within xxiiiju' howers next after he or they shalbe so spoken unto moved or stirred, unlesse he shall have a good and reasonable cause of excuse, declare the same to one Justice of Peace or Sheriff of the saide Countie or to the Mayor Sheriffs Baylifff or Bayliffe or other hed officer of any Cittie or Towne Corporate where suche speakinge motion or steringe shalbe had, shall suffer ymprisomnent untill he shall be discharged by the Justicf of Peace of the same Shire where the offence shalbe, whereof one of the saide Justicf shalbe of the Quop.

XII.

Penalty on Pertont refuting to obey Justice, &c. in tuppretting tuch Aiicm blies,

One Year’t Impritonment.

And yt is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, That yf any pson or psons beinge above thage of eightene yeres and under thage of threscore yeres, beinge able to serve and not sycke lame or ympotent, shalbe requyred by anye Justice of Peace or anye Sheriff of any Countie where any suche assembly shalbe, or by any Mayor Bayliffe or other hed officer of anye Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate, or by any other by the comaundment of suche Justice- of Peace Sheriff Mayor Bayliffe or other hed officer, to goe withe him or them to suppresse the psons unlaufullye assembled in manner and forme aforesaide, that then everie pson so beinge able and required doe willinglie and obstynatlye refuse so to doe, shall suffre ymprisonment of his bodye for one yere without bayle or maynprise and make fyne and ransome at the Kings will & pleasure.

Provyded alwayes and it is enacted by the auctoritie abovesaid, That yf the Kinge shall by his Ires patentf make Lituten»ntt of anye Lyveten*nte in anye Countie or Counties of this Realme, for the suppressinge of any comocion rebellion or unlaufull Countict, if assemblye, that then aswell all Justicf of Peace of everie suche Countie and the Sherifff and Sheriffe of the same, as all Mayors Baylifff and other hed Officers and all inhabitantf and subjcctf of anye Countyc Cittie Boroughe or Juition, &c. Towne corporate within everie suche Countie, shall upon the dcclaracun of the saide Ires patentf and request made be

106

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.5.

A.D. 154>9~50.

VI.

Penon> to the Number of Two and under Twelve auembled together, and attempting to kill any Subject, or to pull down any inclosure, ftc. not dispersing on Proclamation, shall be subject to Imprisonment,

Fine, and Ransom.

Damages and Treble Costs to Parties grieved by such unlawful Acts.

VII.

For suppression of all such Assemblies;

Where more than Two are assembled for any such unlawful Purpose, any Justice of Peace, Sheriff, Mayor, Ac. or Persons commissioned by the King. &c. may assemble People to suppress such Assembly by force; and to apprehend and kill the Offenders.

whereof he shalbe seised of anye estate in Taile or for terme of lief or lyres at the tyme of any suche Treason comytted, or at any tyme after, duringe his lyes onely and noe longer; unlesse the pson so attaynted shalbe thereof seased in his demesne as of fee at the tyme of the saide Treason comytted or at anye tyme after j And that after the decease of the same pson so attaynted, all and singuler suche pson and psons as sholde have had and enjoyed suche Landes tents and other hereditamentf, as any pson that at anye tyme hereafter shalbe attaynted of or for anye Treason abovespified, shall fortune to be seised of any estate in taile or for terme of lyes at the tyme of anye suche Treason comytted, or at any tyme after, shall, after the deathe of the same pson that so shall fortune to be attaynted, have and enjoye the saide Landes tentes and other hereditamentf, in lyke manner and fourme as thoughe noe suche attayndor had bene had; any lawe or usage to the cont"rye in anywise notwithstandinge.

And furthermore yt ys ordeyned and enacted by thauctoride abovesaide, that yf any psons, above the nombre of two and under the nombre of twelve, beinge assembled together at any tyme after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, shall intend goe aboute practise or put in ure withe force and armes unlaufullye and of their owne auctoride to murder kill or slaye any of the Kings Majesties Subjects, or to overthrowe cutt breake caste downe or digg uppe the Pales hedgf dytehes walls or other closure of anye parks parke or other grounde enclosed, or the banke of any fyshe ponde or poole, to thintent that the same or anye of them from thensforthe sholde remayne open not enclosed or voyde, or to have c5mon or waye in the same parks parke or other groundes or ground enclosed or in anye of them, or to distroye any manner of parks or parke or fyshe ponde or poole or any warrens or warren of conyes, or any dovehouses, or to pull or cutt downe any house bame mill, or to burne any stackf of come or grayne, or alter defalke or abate the rents or yerelie value of any mannors landes or tehtf of any of the Kings Subjects or the price of any victuall come or grayne, or any other thinge usuall for the susten*nce or apparell of men, and being required or edmaunded by any Justice of Peace or the Sheriffs of the Countye or by any Mayor Baylifff or Bayliffe or other hed officer of any Cittie or Towne corporate where suche assembly shalbe had, by pclamad&n to be made in the Kings name to retyer or retome to their habitac&ns placf or houses, and they so requyred by suche Pclama£6n shall not soe doe, but after that shall in forcible manner in forme aforesaide attempte to doe or put in ure any of the things laste above mencioned, that then everie of the same psons, beinge above the nombre of two and under the nombre of twelve, shall suffer ymprisonment of his or thire bodyes by the space of one yere without bayle or maynprise, and shall make fyne and raunsome at the Kings will and pleasure : And also that yf anye pson or psons at anye tyme after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie shalbe dampnyfyed or hurted by the doynge comyttinge or puttinge in ure of anye unlaufull acte or thinge above mencyoned, that then all and singuler psons so dampnyfied or hurte, shall recover and have damagf, withe the costs of their suyte susteyned in that behalfe trebled, againste the offendors therein.

And for so muche as suche evill disposed psons whiche of late tyme made comocions and rebellion in certeyne places within this Realme, beinge but fewe in nombre at suche tyme as they did begynne the same comotion, were not in shorte tyme after the begynynge thereof suppressed by strenghe, for that the Kings lovinge Subjects for feare to encurre in daunger of the Lawes of this Realme durst not take upon them so to doe, a great nomber of evill disposed psones did come and joyne them selves to the saide small nombre, wherby the same evill disposed psons toke upon them suche boldnes that they wolde not be reduced to obedience without muche bloodshedinge, to the great daunger of the Kings Majesties pson, where yf the Kings lovinge Subjects durst have taken upon them to have suppressed them at the begynnynge, suche inconvenience and bloudshed sholde not have followed: Therefore yt is also ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye psons above the nombre of two, that at anye tyme after the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, shalbe unlaufully and of their owne auctoride assembled togither, to thintent withe force and armes to doe practise or put in ure any of the thinges abovemencioned, that then it shalbe laufull to everie Justice of Peace, and to everie Sheriffe in anye Counde beinge within the Kings Ihuons, and to everie Mayor Bayliffe and other hedd Officer of any Cittie or Towne corporate for the tyme he shalbe in Office, or any other pson or psons havinge the Kings Comyssion or ires from his Highnes or his Privy Counsell, as well to rayse and assemble the Kings lovinge Subjects in manner of warre to be arrayed in suche great nombre as he or they then shall thincke mete or able, to thintent by violence and strenght to suppresse apphende and take the saide psons that so shalbe unlaufullye assembled; And that yf the saide psons soe unlaufully assembled, after suche comaundment or request by ■Pclamacon or otherwise made shall contynue togither, and not endevor them selfes to retorne towards their Habitac&ns houses or placf from whence they came in suche shorte tyme as they maye convenientlie, that then yt shalbe laufull to everie Jusdce of Peace Sheriff and also to everie Mayor Bayliff and other hed Officer of any Citde or Towne corporate, and to everie other pson havinge auctoride as ys aforesaide, after suche comaundment or request by •Pclamac&n made, and to suche psons as shalbe assembled withe anye Jusdce of Peace or Sheriff or withe any Mayor Bayliff or other hedd Officer of anye Cittie or Towne corporate, and withe everie other pson havinge auctoride as ys aforesaide, to suppresse apphende and take those psons so unlaufully assembled, whiche after suche request made shall contynue together and not endevor them selves to retorne towards their habitations or places from whence they came: And that yf the saide psons so unlaufullye assembled togither or anye of them shall fortune to be killed slayne maymed or hurte in or aboute the suppressinge or takinge of them, that then everie suche Justice of Peace Sheriff Mayor Bayliffe and other hed Officer, and everie other p6on havinge auctoride as ys aforesaide, and all and singuler psons by him or them assembled shalbe free discharged and unpunysheable, aswell againste the Kinge as againste all and everie other pson and psons, of for or conceminge the killinge slayinge maymynge and hurtinge of any pson or psons so unlaufully assembled, that shall fortune to be killed slayne maymed or hurte aboute or by occac&n of suppressinge or takinge of them.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 5

107

And Furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Copyeholder or Customarye holder, ^ beinge artificer husbandman or laborer, and beinge of the age of eightene yeres or more and under thage of threscore between tg md 6o yeres, not sycke ympotent lame maymed ne havinge anye just or reasonable excuse or cause to the contrarie, and X^y'siry* beinge requyred by the Sheriffe Justice or Justicf of the peace or other havinge auctoritie by this Acte, or by C5myssion Sheriff. &c. or by or tres as is abovesaide in that behalfe, they declaringe theire saide auctoritye, or beinge requyred by the ymediat Lorde or Lordes of whome suche Copyholdes or Customarie holdes then shalbe holden to serve the Kings Majestie for anye the Kiogm ,uPg"*in*

causes above rehersed, and refuse so to doe, shall only duringe the lyes of suche pson or psons so refusinge, forfeyt and refu,;ng w to

lc*e to his or their Lorde or Lordes of whom suche Copye or Osiomarie holdes then shalbe ymediatlye holden and sholde ££££" be holden duringe the lyes of suche pson or psons so refusinge, in case he or they had not so refused, all their Coppiholdes their own Lives, and Customarye holdes: And that yt shalbe laufiill to everie suche Lorde or Lordes their heires or assignes, of whome suche Copyholdes or Customarie holdes shalbe ymediatlye holden, and sholde have bene holden in case suche pson

or psons had not so refused, by vertue of this p>sent Acte to enter and take into his or their handes or possession

all suche Coppiholdes and Customarie holds so holden of them or any of them yffiediatlye, and to retayne the same duringe onelye the lyflfe of everie suche offendor or offendors, in suche manner and fourme as he or they sholde have had the rents and Svicf of suche Coppiholde and Customarie holde, in case suche pson or psons soe refusinge had not refused:

And that all and evVe fermor beinge a Yoman Husbandman Artificer or Laborer and beinge of thage of eightene Fanners, fcc.

. \ . r f , , . , 5. ,r refusing so to serve

yeres or more and under thage of threscore yeres, not sycke ympotent lame maymed ne havinge anye other just or .mi forfeit their reasonable excuse or cause to the contrarie, and beinge requyred by the Sheriff Justice or Justicf of the Peace or other havinge auctoritye by this Acte or by C5myssion or ires as ys aforesaide in this behalfe, they declaringe their saide auctoritye, or being requyred by their Landlord or Landlordes for the tyme beinge to whom the rents of suche farmes shalbe then risinge comynge or growinge, to serve the Kings Majestie for anye causes above rehersed, and refuse so to doe, shall duringe onely the lyes of suche fermor or fermors so refusinge, forfayte and lose, to suche Landlord and Landlordes as sholde have had the rents of suche ferms duringe the lyes and lyeff of suche pson and psons so refusinge, all their saide fermes ; and that it shalbe laufull to everie suche Landlorde and Landlordes their heires or assignes to whom the rents of suche fermes sholde have bene due duringe the lyes of such pson or psons so refusinge, in case suche pson or psons had not so refused, by vertue of this psent Acte to enter and take into his or thire handes or possession, all suche fermes and to reteyne the same duringe onely the lyes of ev*y suche offendor or offendors.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That after the death of everie suche Coppiholder Custumarie holder or fermor as so shall offende and forfeyt any of thire saide Coppiholdf or Customarie holdes or fermes Reversioners, as ys aforesaide, that then all and everie suche pson and psons as sholde or ought to have had the saide Coppyholdes CopyhcTldeVor Customarie holds or fermes, after or by the deathe of suche Coppiholder Customarie holder or fermor, in case suche Farmer* *o Coppiholder Customarie holder or fermor had not soe offended ne forfeyted, shall and maye have the same Coppieholdes °r " lne‘ Customary holdes and fermes by entrye accyon admyssion or otherwise, in lyke manner forme and condic&n and by suche wayes and meanes as they and everie of them sholde myght or ought to have had, yf noe suche forfeyture or offence had bene had done or comytted.

Farm* to the Landlord*, for their Live* only.

IX. Provito for

And furthermore it ys ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye pson or psons, after the saide Pmon, Siting twelveth daye of Februarie, by open worde or deede shall peure move or sturre any other pson or psons to arise or ">ch unlawful make anye trayterous or rebellious assemblye, to thintent to do excise or put in ure any of the things above mentioned, declared Felon* that then everie pson so peuringe movinge or sturing any other, shall therefore be demed and adjudged a Felon, and wuhout clcr8V-suffer paynes of deathe it forfeyt his goods cattallf landes and tents as in cases of felonye, and shall also lose the benefytt of his Clergie and Sainctuarie.

And also Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf any pson or psons whiche at anye tyme after the same daye shalbe spoken unto moved or styrred to make any C.omocon Insurrection or unlaufull assemblye for any of thintentf abovemenc&ned, and do not within xxiiiju' howers next after he or they shalbe so spoken unto moved or stirred, unlesse he shall have a good and reasonable cause of excuse, declare the same to one Justice of Peace or Sheriff of the saide Countie or to the Mayor Sherifff Baylifff or Bayliffe or other hed officer of any Cittie or Towne Corporate where suche speakinge motion or steringe shalbe had, shall suffer ymprisonment untill he shall be discharged by the Justicf of Peace of the same Shire where the offence shalbe, whereof one of the saide Justicf shalbe of the Quop.

And yt is ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, That yf any pson or psons beinge above thage of eightene yeres and under thage of threscore yeres, beinge able to serve and not sycke lame or ympotent, shalbe requyred by anye Justice of Peace or anye Sheriff of any Countie where any suche assembly shalbe, or by any Mayor Bayliffe or other hed officer of anye Cittie Boroughe or Towne corporate, or by any other by the comaundment of suche Justice' of Peace Sheriff Mayor Bayliffe or other hed officer, to goe withe him or them to suppresse the psons unlaufullye assembled in manner and forme aforesaide, that then everie pson so beinge able and required doe willinglie and obstynatlye refuse so to doe, shall suffre ymprisonment of his bodye for one yere without bayle or maynprise and make fyne and ransome at the Kings will & pleasure.

XI.

Penilty on Person* not revealing tucli Incitement*, Imprisonment.

XII. Penalty on Person* refusing to obey Justice, &c. in suppressing such Assemblies,

One Year's Imprisonment.

Provyded alwayes and it is enacted by the auctoritie abovesaid, That yf the Kinge shall by his Ires patentf make Lieutenants*of anye Lyveten*nte in anye Countie or Counties of this Realme, for the suppressinge of any comocion rebellion or unlaufull Counties, if assemblye, that then aswell all Justicf of Peace of everie suche Countie and the Sherifff and Sheriffe of the same, JJ'obeysj by* as all Mayors Baylifff and other hed Officers and all inhabitantf and subjects of anye Countyc Cittie Boroughe or Justice*, &c. Towne corporate within everie suche Countie, shall upon the declaration of the saide Ires patentf and request made be

Go qIc

108

3° & 4° Edw. VI. c.5, 6.

ADA549-50.

XIV.

Form of the Proclamation for dispersing unlawful Assemblies.

XV.

If Proclamation be prevented, Offenders shall be punished as if it were duly made.

XVI.

Act shall be read at every Quarter Sessions.

XVII. Saving for Forfeitures within Counties Palatine.

XVIII. General Saving of Title to Strangers, on Attainders for Treason, &c. under this Act.

XIX.

Saving of Liberties to Corporations. Continuance of this Act.

Recital of Stat.

3,3 E.VI. c.9. Ji.

prohibiting Artificers from dealing in Leather:

Inconveniences resulting from recited Provision.

bounde to gyve attendaunce uppon the same Lyveten*nte to suppresse anye comocon rebellion or unlaufull assemblye, unlesse he or they beinge so required have anye reasonable excuse for his not attendaunce, upon payne of ymprisonment for one hole yere.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That the ordre and fourme of the Pclamacbns that shalbe made by thauctoritie of this Acte, shalbe as hereafter followeth, or withe the like ordre and wordes in effecte; that ys to saye, the Justice or other pson authorised by this Acte to make the saide ■Pclamacon, shall make or cause to be made an Oyes, and after that shall openlye pnounce or cause to be pnonced these Wordes or lyke in effecte: The Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde chargeth and comaundeth all psons being assembled ymediatly to disperse them selfes and peaciblye to departe to their habitac&ns or to thire lauful bupynes upon the paynes conteyned in the Acte lately made againste unlaufull and rebellious assembles: and God save the King.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid. That yf anye pson or psons do or shall molest lett hinder or hurte any pson or psons that shall pclayme, or goe to pclayme, accordinge to the Pclamac6n and ordre made in the Statute aforesaide, wherbye suche Pclamac&n shall not be made, that then all and everie suche pson and psons so molestinge lettinge hynderinge or hurtinge, and all and everie suche pson and psons offender or offenders to whom any suche Pclamacbn or Pclamac&ns shoulde or ought to be made to thintent aforesaide, shall incurre and be in like daunger and suffer lyke payne or paynes and forfeitures as aforesaide in everie of their degrees, as thoughe the Pclamac&n had bene made ; Any clause article or sentence heretofore in this Acte included made to the cont'rye notwithstandinge.

And be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That this Acte shall be openlye read at e$y Quarter Sessions.

Savinge to the Bysshoppe of Duresme and Bisshoppe of Elye, and all other that have Charter of the Countye Palentyne and to their successors, the yere day and waste, in suche sorte as by the saide Charter they had or myght have had the same yf this Acte had never bene had ne made; this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned to the cont*rye notwithstandinge.

Savinge also to all and everie pson and psons and heires in taill bodyes politique and corporate their heires successors and executors and to everie of them, other then to suche pson and psons onlye as shalbe attaynted convicted or outlawed for anye of thaforesaide offencf of felonye or treason, and their heires or the heires of anye of them claymynge by discent in fee symple from them or any of them, all suche right tytle entree interest leasses possessions rents condicons pfyttf comodities and advantagf as they or anye of them hathe or hereafter shall have or of right ought to have in or to any Honors castellf mannors lands tents woods rents rev'cSns §vicf or hereditamentf whatsoever, or in or to anye parte or parcell thereof to be forfeyted for anye of the offencf aforesaide, as yf suche attaynder or forfeyture had never bene had ne made; any thing in this Acte to the cont*rie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And savinge to all and everie Bodye and Bodyes politique and corporate and their successors, their libtyes and franchises in suche manner and fourme as if this Acte had never bene had ne made : This Acte to contynue untill the ende of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte conceminge the Repeale of a braunche in the Acte of Parliament made for buying of tanned Lether.

WHEARE at your Majesties Parliament holden at Westm upon progac&n the fourtenth daye of Marche in this p>sent thirde yere of your most victorious Raigne, amongest other things it was enacted, that noe pson occupyinge the feate or mysterie of Coriar Cordewainer Sadler Cobler Girdler Letherseller Bottelmaker or any other Artificer, shoulde from and after the feast of Michelmas then nexte followinge, sell or cause to be soulde or put to sale any backs or hides of any Englishe kinde of tanned Lether unwrought or in suche kynde as he sholde by the same, Calves skynnes only [accepted,1 ] uppon payne of forfeytinge for everie hide backe or parcell of Lether that he or they sholde so sell contrarie to the saide Statute tenne shillingf; Sithen the makinge of whiche Acte, great and innumerable inconveniencf hathe and hereafter is like to come thereof, first neither Girdler Cordwayner Sadler Malemaker Bottelmaker or any other Artificer usinge tanned Lether in thire arte ys or shalbe able at any tyme at any instant to serve the Kings Majestie his Nobles Lordes and Comons either of Boots shoes girdellf saddellf bare hides males cofers potts or other things made of Lether, for that the moste parte of the Artificers aforesaide bene poore men, not alwayes able to pvide store of suche sorts of Lether as sholde serve thire torne in makinge of suche things as ys before menc&ned, but must of necessitie pvide suche Lether one of them of an other as ever heretofore they have accustomed to doe, whiche nowe by force of the extremytie of the saide Acte they may not doe, whiche ys unto the greate hurte and hindraunce aswell of the Kings Majestie as of his Nobles Lordes and Comons, for that they and everie of them bene driven of necessitie to buy thire Lether of a fewe psons whiche bene onelye mere regrators of the saide Lether, at great highe and unreasonable pricf, to the greate hurte of the C5mon Wealth, wherby the saide Artificers be not able to aforde the saide wares made thereof so good chepe as they have done heretofore; And also by reason of the foresaide restreynt or bondage of the foresaide Artificers from buyinge and sellings, of Lether, there ys noe man sythe that tyme willinge to sett or putt his

1 excepted 0.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 6—8.

109

or thire children to be premise withe any of the foresaid Artificers, for that not onely they and everie of them bene

broughte in suche bondage by reason of the saide Acte, but also by the meanes whereof are never like to growe unto

any necessarie substaunce, neither by the exercise of thire saide handycraftf to susteyne the necessities of their olde

age withe all, and not onely that, but also in all Citties Boroughes and corporate Townes therby they doe lose the

benefyte and comodyte of their Charter and Fredome: For Reformaf&n whereof be it enacted by thauctoritie of this Ani6ccri mty buy

£>sent Parliament, that it shalbe laufull from hensforthe to and for anye of the saide Artificers or handycraftf men

expressed or named in the foresaide Acte to buye and sell all manner of tanned Lether, corned or not corried, so that Wtrei.

suche Lether shalbe converted by suche buyer or buyers unto any kynde of wares or other things made of tanned

Lether within this Realme of Englonde or other the Kings D-nions; anye woordf penalties or forfeytures comprised or

specified in the above remembred Acte to the contrarie hereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this p'sent Acte shall endure but onlye unto the Continuance of Act. ende of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte of repeale of a Statute made in the fyve and twentithe yere of Kinge Henrie theight touching the takinge of Wyldfoule at certeyne tymes in the yeare.

WHEREAS in the twentye fyveth yere of the raigne of your Majesties father of most famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight, an Acte was made conteyninge two braunches, whereof the one was againste the takinge of wyldefowle betwene the last daye of Maye and the last daye of Auguste withe any Nettf or engyns upon a payne lymited thereupon, as in the saide Statute more largelye dothe appeare : Forasmuche as the occacyon of the saide braunches appereth sithen to have risen uppon a private case, and that no manner of cdmon comoditie ys sithen pceyved to be growen of the same, being notablye by daylye experience founde and knowen, that there ys at this psent lesse plentye of fowle broughte unto the markettf then was before the makinge of the saide Acte, whiche ys taken to come of the punyshment of God, whose benefytt was therbye taken awaye from the poore people that were wonte to lyve by their skill in takinge of the sayde fowle, wherby they were wont at that tyme to susteyne them selfs withe their poore housholdf to the great savinge of other kyndf of Vyttaile of whiche ayde they are nowe destitute to their great and extreame ympoverishinge j Humblye besechen your Grace your Majesties true and faythfull Subjects, especiallye suche as have their places of habitacbn nyghe unto the Fennes, that all that braunche of the saide Acte made in the saide xxv" yere of your Graces saide father of most noble memorie, towchinge the takinge of "Wyldefowle in manner as abovesaide, may be fromhensforth by your Majestie the Lordes spuall and tempo rail and the Comons in this Psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, repealed and utterlye voyde and of none effecte, withe all and everie Article sentence matter paynes and forfeytures conteyned or otherwise menconed in the saide braunche, as yf the same Acte had never bene had ne made.

Recital of Statute 15 H.VIII. e. 11.

$ I. against taking Wildfowl with Nets, Stc.

Inconvenience of the said Provision

The same repealed.

Provyded and be it enacted by thauctoritie abovesaid, that one other braunche conteyned in the saide Acte, ^ 4 o{ Act

conceminge suche psons as shall p*sume by daye or night willinglie to withdrawe purloyne take distroye or convey »^jjjrtudungEg^s anye manner of eggs of anye kynde of Wyldefowle, from or in anye nest place or placf where theye shall chaunce to in°forc*.*

be layde by anye kynde of wildfowle, withe everie Article sentence matter paynes forfeytures and pvysions conteyned or mencioned in this saide last braunche, shall stande in full strengfie and effecte to all purposes intentf and construcc&ns as yf this p>sent (') had never bene hadd or made.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the contynuance of the Statute of Sewers.

WHEARE in the Parliament holden at WestrH by progac&n the fyftenth daye of Januarie in the thre and Statute of Sewn* twentieth yere of the most victorious Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight, amonge other mJe'peTwtuil6 1 things one geSall Acte conceminge Comyssions of Sewers to be directed into all parts within this Realme was enacted, m amended by and made to contynue and endure for twenty yeres then next folowinge, as by the same Acte more it large it dothe and maye appere; And for asmuche as the same Acte ys thoughte good and beneficiall for the Comon Wealthe of this Realme, Be it therefore enacted and ordeyned by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that the saide Acte, and all Clauses articles and pvysions in the same conteyned, shall contynue and endure in their force and strengeth and to be observed and kept for ever, in suche manner and fourme as shall and may stande withe the sequell and addic&ns hereafter menc&ned.

And Be it furder enacted and established by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all skottf lottf and somes of money R»tei on the King * hereafter to be rated and taxed by vertue of suche Comyssion of Sewers, upon anye of the Lands teiitf or hjHMsmwJkT"* hereditamentf of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires or successors, for anye manner of thinge or things »in other Cave*.

' AOe 0.

Ff

110

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.8—10.

A.D. 1549-5Q.

concerninge the Articles of the saide Comyssion of Sewers, shalbe gathered and levyed by distresse or otherwise, in like manner and fourme as shall or maye be done in the Lotidf tents and hereditamentf of any other p6on or psons: RecoytofCollector And tj,at all billes of acquytance signed withe the hande or hands of suche Collector or Receyvor as shall have the Acquittance, &c. collecc&n thereof, by the appoyntment of the saide Comyssioners or sixe of them, shalbe aswell a sufficient dischardge to the Ten'ntes fermors and occupyers of the same Groundes so to be chardged for the saide some wherewithe their grounds shalbe so chardged, as also a sufficient warraunte to all and everie the Receyvore Auditors and other whatsoever officer or officers of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires and successors for the allowance to suche Ten*nte fermer or occupier for the same.

Like Fees on Commissions under the Duchy Seal as in other Cases.

Addinoe moreover to this Acte by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that suche and like fees and none other nor more shalbe at anye tyme paide or demaunded for any Comyssion or Comyssions or writtf of dedim9 potestatem hereafter to be sued out or obteyned under the Seale of the Dutchie, but onlye suche and lyke fees as bene mencioned in the saide former Acte to be paied in the Chauncerie for Comyssions and writtf of dedim9 potestatem to be obteyned from the same Corte of Chauncerie.

Every Commission Addinoe moreover therunto by thauctoritie abovesaide, that everie Comyssion and Comyssions hereafter to be

F*11 y ar^11' * awar^ed for Sewers shall contynue and endure for terme of fyve yeres next after the Teste of suche Comyssion,

unlesse the same Comyssion and Comyssions shalbe otherwise discharged within the saide tyme by Supcedeas: Any thinge or thinges mencioned or conteyned in the saide former Acte contrarie to the additions before men&ned or anye of them in anye wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the buyinge of Rawe Hydes and Calfe Skynnes.

High Price of T^ORASMUCHE as Leather is growen to an unreasonable price, whereby the Kings Subjects are not able at this JC daye to pvyde them selfes suche necessaries thereof made as Shoes and Boots and suche lyke at anye reasonable of raw Hides; price, as they heretofore have done, to the utter ympoverishement of div'se the Kinge lovinge and obedient Subjects, whiche saide unreasonable prices of Leather doth onlye growe and ryse by reason of the unsaciable desire of diPse and sondrye psons, beinge noe Tanners, whiche day lye in everie Markett and other place buy and regrate grene hydes in the heare and out of the heare to their handes, to thintent to sell the same to their owne lucre and gayne: None shall buy raw Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this Skuis or Hides to Oscnt Parliament assembled and buy thauctoritie of the same, that noe pson or psons within this Realnie, shall from

sell again untanned, 1 ' ...

Penalty 6». 8d. and after the feast of the Anunciacon of our Ladye next comynge, buy or cause to be bought anye Calve Skynnes or per Skin. Hydes, in the heare or out of the heare, to thintent to sell agayne the same untanned, except onlye suche pson and

psons as will tanne or tawe the same, uppon payne to forfeytC for everie Skynne so bought, to the intent to sell agayne as aforesaide, sixe shillingf eight pence ; the one halfe of whiche forfeyture to be unto our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same in anye the Kings Courts by bill playnte or other lawfull pcesse, wherein noe ptecc&n or wager of Lawe nor yet any Essoyne to the partie defendaunte shalbe allowed or admytted.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the abolishinge and puttinge awaye of div*se Bookes and Images.

The Book of Common Prayer having been lately established

Missals and other Books of Church-Service, formerly used, shall be abolished.

WHEARE the Kings most Excellent Majestie hathe of late setforthe and established by auctoritie of Parliament an unyforme quyett and godlye ordre for comon and open Prayer, in a Booke intituled, The Booke of Comon Prayer and Admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf and other Rytes and Ceremonyes of the Churche after the Churche of Englande, to be used and observed in the saide Churche of Inglande, agreable to thordre of the prymative Churche, moche more conformable unto his lovinge Subjects then other divWye of 9vice as heretofore of longe tyme hathe bene used, beinge in the saide Booke ordeyned nothinge to be redd but the verie pure worde of God, or whiche is evidentlye grounded upon the same. And in the other things corrupte untrue vayne and supsticious, and as it were a pparacSn to supsticon, whiche for that they be not called in but pmytted to remayne undefaced, doe not onlye give occac&n to suche parverse psons as doe ympugne the ordre and godly meanynge of the Kings saide Booke of Comon Prayer to contynue in their olde accustomed supsticious 9vice, but also mynister great occacSn to div'sitye of opynions rytes ceremonyes and svices: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, that all Books called AntyphotJs Myssales Scrayles Pcessionalles Manuelles Legends Pyes Portuyses Prymars in Lattyn or Inglishe Cowchers Joumales Ordinales, or other books or writings whatsoever heretofore used for 9vice of the Churche, written or prynted in the Inglishe or Lattyn tongue, other then suche as are or shalbe settforthe by the Kings Majestie, shalbe by auctoritie of this psent Acte clerelye and utterlye abollished extinguished and forbidden for ever to be used or kepte in ttys Realme or elles where within any the Kings Ihiions.

.Z>.15 49-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.10, 11

111

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye parson or parsons of what estate degree or condifita soever he she or theye be, bodie Polydque or Corporate, that nowe have or hereafter shall have in his her or their custodye anye the Books or writings of the sorts aforesaid, or anye Images of Stone Tytnbre Alleblaster or Earthe graven carved or paynted, whiche heretofore have bene taken our of anye Churche or Chappell, or yet stande in anye Churche or Chappell, and doe not before the laste daye of June next ensuynge deface and destroye or cause to be defaced and distroyed the same Imagf and everie of them, and delyver or cause to be delivered all and everie the same Bookes to the Mayor Baylief Constable or Churche wardyns of the Towne where suche Books then shalbe, to be by them delyvered over openlye within thre monethes next followinge after the saide deliverie to the Archebusshopp Busshoppe Chauncellor or Comyssarie of the same Dioces, to thintent the saide Archebusshoppe Busshoppe Chauncellor or Cdmyssarie and everie of them cause them ymediatlye eyther to be openlye brent or otherwayes defaced and destroyed, shall for everie suche Booke or Books willinglye retayned in his her or their hands or custodye within this Realme or elswhere within anye the Kings Dnyons, and not delivered as ys aforesaide after the saide laste daye of June, and be thereof laufullye convicte, forfeyte and loose to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde for the fyrst Offence twentie shillingf, and for the seconde Offence shall forfeyte and lose beinge thereof laufullie convicte sower poundes, and for the thirde Offence shall suffre ymprisonment at the Kings will.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye Mayors Bayliefes Constables or Churche Wardyns doe not, within thre monethes after the receipte of the same books, deliver or cause to be delivered suche books 6oe by them receyved to the Archebusshoppe Busshoppe Chauncellor or Comyssarie of their Dioces, and yf the saide Archebusshoppes Busshoppes Chauncellors or Comyssaries do not within fourtye dayes after the receipte of suche books, burne deface and distroye or cause to be burned defaced or destroyed the same books and everie of them, that then they and ev*y of them so offendinge shall lose and forfeyte to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, beinge therefore laufullye convicte, fourtye poundes; Thone halfe of all suche forfeytures shalbe to anye of the Kings Subjects that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde by bill playnte action of debte or informacon, in whiche accon noe essoyne pteccon wager of lawe or other delaye shalbe allowed.

And for better execuc&n of the same Acte, Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That aswell Justices of Assise in their Circuyte as Justicf of Peace within the lymyttf of their Comyssion in the geniall Sessions, shall have full power and authoritie to enquyre of thoffencf aforesaide and to heare and determyne the same, in suche forme as they maye doe in other suche lyke cases.

(1) Provyded alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That any pson or psons maye use kepe have and reteyne any Prymars in the Englishe or Lattyne tongue set for the by the late Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight ; so that the sentencf of Invocac&n or Prayer to Sainctf, in the same prymars be blotted or clerelye put out of the same; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

Provyded alwayes, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to any Image or Picture sett or graven upon anye Tombe in any Churche Chappell or Churche Yarde, onelye for a Monument of any Kinge Prince Nobleman or other dead pson, whiche hath not bene comonly reputed and taken for a Saincte; but that suche Pyctures and Imagf maye stande and contynue in like manner and fourme as yf this Acte had never bene had nor made; anye thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

H.

All Images in Churches shall be destroyed j and such Missals, he. shall be delivered up to the Mayors. he. and by them to the Bishops, to be burned or destroyed.

I’enalty on not delivering up such Books ; i st Offence, lot. ad Offence, ^4. 3d. Imprisonment.

III. Penalty on Mayors, See. and on Bishops, ke. neglecting to destroy such Books, *£4.0.

IV.

Offences may be determined by Justices of Assise and Peace.

V.

Primers of H.VIII. may be used. Invocations to Saints being blotted out.

VI.

Proviso for Images on Monuments.

CHAPTER XI. (*)

An Acte that the Kings Ma,ie maye nominat xxxij psons to puse and make Ecctiasticall Lawes.

ALBEIT the Kyngf most Excellent Majestie, GovW and Ruler under God of this Realme, ought most justly to have the goVnement of his Subjects and the depminacion of their causes aswell Ecctiasticall as Tempall, yet the same, as con?nyng Ecctiasticall causes, haveyng not of long tyme ben put in ure nor ex&ysed by the reason of the usurped auctoryte of the Bysshop of Rome, be not pfectly understond nor knowen of his Subjects, and therfore of necessyte aswell for the abolysshyng and putting to utter oblyvion the seid usurped auctoryte, as for the necessary admynystracion of Justice to his loveyng Subjects, Yt may pleas his Highnes that yt may be enactyd by his most gracious assent w‘ the assent of the Lords spuall and tempall and the Comens of this psent pliament assembled and by auctoryte of the same, that the Kyngf Majestie shall fromhensforth duryng thre yeres have full power auctoryte and librie to nomynatt and assigne by the advise of his Highnes Councell, sixtene psons of the Clergy, wherof sower to be Bysshoppf, and sixtene psons of the Tempalty, wherof sower to be lerned in the comon lawes of this Realme, to puse and examyn the Ecdiastycall Lawes of long tyme here used, and to gather order and compyle suche Lawes Ecctiasticall as shalbe thought by his Majesty his seid Councell and them or the more part of them convenyent to be used practysed and sett forth w4n this his Realm and other his Domynyons, in all spuall or ecctiasticall Courts and Conventions; And yf after suche noiacion any of the psoncs so to be noiatyd, happen to dye, that then his Highnes by the advise of

For administering Ecclesiastical Laws under the King's Authority;

The King may appoint 16 of the Clergy and 16 of the Laity to peruae and compile Ecclesiastical Laws for Three Years.

1 The Two following Provisoes ate annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. • From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.

110

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.8—10.

A.D. 1549-50.

conceminge the Articles of the saide Comyssion of Sewers, shalbe gathered and levyed by distresse or otherwise, in like manner and fourme as shall or maye be done in the Londf tents and hereditamentf of any other peon or peons: * KScienf0Uect0r tl,at ac(luytance signed withe the hande or hands of suche Collector or Receyvor as shall have the

Acquittance, &c. collecc&n thereof, by the appoyntment of the saide Comyssioners or sixe of them, shalbe aswell a sufficient dischardge to the Ten'ntes fermore and ocqupyers of the same Groundes so to be chardged for the saide s5me wherewithe their grounds shalbe so chardged, as also a sufficient warraunte to all and everie the Receyvors Auditors and other whatsoever officer or officers of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires and successors for the allowance to suche Ten*nte fermer or occupier for the same.

Like Fers on Commission* under the Duchy Seal as in other Cases.

Addings moreover to this Acte by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, that suche and like fees and none other nor more shalbe at anye tyme paide or demaunded for any Comyssion or Comyssions or writtf of dedim9 potestatem hereafter to be sued out or obteyned under the Seale of the Dutchie, but onlye suche and lyke fees as bene mencioned in the saide former Acte to be paied in the Chauncerie for Comyssions and writtf of dedim9 potestatem to be obteyned from the same Corte of Chauncerie.

Every Commission Addinoe moreover therunto by thauctoritie abovesaide, that everie Comyssion and Comyssions hereafter to be

£ial] comioue for awarded for Sewers shall contynue and endure for terme of fyve yeres next after the Teste of suche Comyssion,

unlesse the same Comyssion and Comyssions shalbe otherwise discharged within the saide tyme by Supcedeas: Any thinge or thinges mencioned or conteyned in the saide former Acte contrarie to the addic&ns before menflined or anye of them in anye wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the buyinge of Rawe Hydes and Calfe Skynnes.

High Price of Leather resulting from the regrating of raw Hides;

None shall buy raw Skins or Hides to sell again untanned, Penalty 6 s. 8d. per Skin.

FORASMUCHE as Leather is growen to an unreasonable price, whereby the Kings Subjects are not able at this daye to pvyde them selfes suche necessaries thereof made as Shoes and Boots and suche lyke at anye reasonable price, as they heretofore have done, to the utter ympoverishement of divW the Kinge lovinge and obedient Subjects, whiche saide unreasonable prices of Leather doth onlye growe and ryse by reason of the unsaciable desire of div’se and sondrye psons, beinge noe Tanners, whiche daylye in everie Markett and other place buy and regrate grene hydes in the heare and out of the heare to their handes, to thintent to sell the same to their owne lucre and gayne: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and buy thauctoritie of the same, that noe pson or psons within this Realme, shall from and after the feast of the Anunciacon of our Ladye next comynge, buy or cause to be bought anye Calve Skynnes or Hydes, in the heare or out of the heare, to thintent to sell agayne the same untanned, except onlye suche pson and psons as will tanne or tawe the same, uppon payne to forfeyte’ for everie Skynne so bought, to the intent to sell agayne as aforesaide, sixe shillingf eight pence ; the one halfe of whiche forfeyture to be unto our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same in anye the Kings Courts by bill playnte or other lawfull pcesse, wherein noe ptecc&n or wager of Lawe nor yet any Essoyne to the partie defendaunte shalbe allowed or admytted.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the abolishinge and puttinge awaye of di\?se Bookes and Images.

The Book of Common Prayer having been lately eatabbihed;

MisaaU and other Book* of Church' Service, formerly used, shall be abolished.

WHEARE the Kings most Excellent Majestie hathe of late setforthe and established by auctoritie of Parliament an unyforme quyett and godlye ordre for comon and open Prayer, in a Booke intituled, The Booke of Comon Prayer and Admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf and other Rytes and Ceremonyes of the Churche after the Churche of Englande, to be used and observed in the saide Churche of Inglande, agreable to thordre of the prymative Churche, moche more conformable unto his lovinge Subjects then other div’sitye of 9vice as heretofore of longe tyme hathe bene used, beinge in the saide Booke ordeyned nothinge to be redd but the verie pure worde of God, or whiche is evidendye grounded upon the same, And in the other things corrupte untrue vayne and supsricious, and as it were a pparac&n to supstic&n, whiche for that they be not called in but pmytted to remayne undefaced, doe not onlye give occac&n to suche parverse psons as doe ympugne the ordre and godly meanynge of the Kings saide Booke of Cdmon Prayer to contynue in their olde accustomed supsdeious 9vice, but also mynister great occac&n to diPsitye of opynions rytes ceremonyes and §vices: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, that all Books called AntyphonSs Myssales Scrayles Pcessionalles Manuelles Legends Pyes Portuyses Prymars in Lattyn or Inglishe Cowchers Joumales Ordinates, or other books or writings whatsoever heretofore used for 9vice of the Churche, written or prynted in the Inglishe or Lattyn tongue, other then suche as are or shalbe settforthe by the Kings Majestie, shalbe by auctoritie of this psent Acte clerelye and utterlye abollished extinguished and forbidden for ever to be used or kepte in ttys Realme or elles where within any the Kings Ihiions.

A.D. 1549-50. 3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 10, 11.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye parson or parsons of what estate degree or condichn soever he she or theye be, bodie Polytique or Corporate, that nowe have or hereafter shall have in his her or their custodye anye the Books or writings of the sorts aforesaid, or anye Images of Stone Tymbre Alleblaster or Earthe graven carved or paynted, whiche heretofore have bene taken out of anye Churche or Chappell, or yet stande in anye Churche or Chappell, and doe not before the laste daye of June next ensuynge deface and destroys or cause to be defaced and distroyed the same Imagf and everie of them, and delyver or cause to be delivered all and everie the same Bookes to the Mayor Baylief Constable or Churche wardyns of the Towne where suche Books then shalbe, to be by them delyvered over openlye within thre monethes next followinge after the saide deliverie to the Archebusshopp Busshoppe Chauncellor or Comyssarie of the same Dioces, to thintent the saide Archebusshoppe Busshoppe Chauncellor or Comyssarie and everie of them cause them ymediatlye eyther to be openlye brent or otherwayes defaced and destroyed, shall for everie suche Booke or Books willinglye retayned in his her or their hands or custodye within this Realme or elswhere within anye the Kings I>nyons, and not delivered as ys aforesaide after the saide laste daye of June, and be thereof laufullye convicte, forfeyte and loose to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde for the fyrst Offence twentie shillingf, and for the 6econde Offence shall forfeyte and lose beinge thereof laufullie convicte sower poundes, and for the thirde Offence shall suffre ymprisonment at the Kings will.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye Mayors Bayliefes Constables or Churche Wardyns doe not, within thre monethes after the receipte of the same books, deliver or cause to be delivered suche books soe by them receyved to the Archebusshoppe Busshoppe Chauncellor or Comyssarie of their Dioces, and yf the saide Archebusshoppes Busshoppes Chauncellors or Comyssaries do not within fourtye dayes after the receipte of suche books, burne deface and distroye or cause to be burned defaced or destroyed the same books and everie of them, that then they and e$y of them so offendinge shall lose and forfeyte to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, beinge therefore laufullye convicte, fourtye poundes j Thone halfe of all suche forfeytures shalbe to anye of the Kings Subjects that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde by bill playnte action of debte or informacon, in whiche accon noe essoyne pteccon wager of lawe or other delaye shalbe allowed.

And for better execucon of the same Acte, Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That aswell Justices of Assise in their Circuyte as Justicf of Peace within the lymyttf of their Comyssion in the geffall Sessions, shall have full power and authoritie to enquyre of thoffencf aforesaide and to heare and determyne the same, in suche forme as they maye doe in other suche lyke cases.

(') Provyded alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That any pson or psons maye use kepe have and reteyne any Prymars in the Englishe or Lattyne tongue set for the by the late Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight; so that the sentencf of Invocac&n or Prayer to Sainctf, in the same prymars be blotted or derelye put out of the same; any thinge in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

Provyded alwayes. That this Acte or any thing therm conteyned shall not extende to any Image or Picture sett or graven upon anye Tombe in any Churche Chappell or Churche Yarde, onelye for a Monument of any Kinge Prince Nobleman or other dead pson, whiche hath not bene comonly reputed and taken for a Saincte; but that suche Pyctures and Imagf maye stande and contynue in like manner and fourme as yf this Acte had never bene had nor made; anye thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XI. (’)

An Acte that the Kings MaUe maye nominat xxxij psons to puse and make Ecctiasticall Lawes.

ALBEIT the Kyngf most Excellent Majestie, GovVio' and Ruler under God of this Realme, ought most justly to have the goVnement of his Subjects and the depminacion of their causes aswell Ecctiasticall as Tempall, yet the same, as con?nyng Ecctiasticall causes, haveyng not of long tyme ben put in ure nor exctysed by the reason of the usurped auctoryte of the Bysshop of Rome, be not pfectly understond nor knowen of his Subjects, and therfore of necessyte aswell for the abolysshyng and putting to utter oblyvion the seid usurped auctoryte, as for the necessary admynystracion of Justice to his loveyng Subjects, Yt may pleas his Highnes that yt may be enactyd by his most gracious assent w' the assent of the Lords spuall and tempall and the Comens of this p'sent pliament assembled and by auctoryte of the same, that the Kyngf Majestie shall fromhensforth duryng thre yeres have full power auctoryte and libtie to nomynatt and assigne by the advise of his Highnes Councell, sixtene psons of the Clergy, wherof sower to be Bysshoppf, and sixtene psons of the Tempalty, wherof sower to be lerned in the comon lawes of this Realme, to puse and examyn the Ecdiastycall Lawes of long tyme here used, and to gather order and compyle suche Lawes Ecctiasticall as shalbe thought by his Majesty his seid Councell and them or the more part of them convenyent to be used practysed and sett forth w'in this his Realm and other his Domynyons, in all spuall or ecctiasticall Courts and Convencions; And yf after suche nolacion any of the psones so to be noiatyd, happen to dye, that then his Highnes by the advise of

1 The Two following Provisoes ate annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. " From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.

111

ii.

All Images in Churches shall be destroyed j and such Missals, Itc. shall be delivered up to the Mayors, R-c. and by them to the Bishops, to be burned ordestroyed.

Penalty on not delivering up such Books t j it Offence, soi. 2d Offence, <£4. 3d. Imprisonment.

III. Penalty on Mayors, See. and on Bishops, Sec. neglecting to destroy such Books, *£40.

IV.

Offences may be determined by Justices of Assise and Peace.

V.

Primers of H. VIII. may be used. Invocations to Saints being blotted out.

VI.

Proviso for Images on Monuments.

For administering Ecclesiastical Laws under the King's Authority;

The King may appoint 16 of the Clergy and 16 of the Laity to peruse and compile Ecclesiastical Laws for Three Yfars.

112

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 11—13.

1549-50.

ii.

Laws to compiled shall be valid.

III.

None thall incur Premunire for executing tuch Laws.

IV. Ecclesiastical Judges shall obey Prohibitions.

V.

Laws so compiled shall not be repugnant to the Common Law.

his seyd Councell duryng the seid thre yeres, shall have full power and auctoryte from tyme to tyme to noiate and assigne other in their placf to supply the seid nomber of xxxij psones, and that the seid xxxij psons, so noiat as ys aforeseid, at all tymys from tyme to tyme duryng the seid thre yeres, shall have full power and auctoryte to assemble themselff by his Highnes comaundement for the pfytt colleccion compylyng and ordryng of the seid Lawes.

And Be it also enacted by the auctoryte aforeseid, That suche Lawes Eccfiasticall so compyled gathered and ordered by the seid xxxij psons or the more nomber of them, and sett forth publysshed and declared by the Kings Majestyes -Pclamacion, w' the seid advyse, under his Highnes great seale, shall by v’tue of this pPsent Act be onely taken reputed practysed and put in ure for the Kyngf Eccfiasticall Lawes of this Realme and no other j any lawe statuyt usage or p>scripcion to the confry therof notw'stondyng.

(') Pbovyded alwayes and it is ordeined and enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That no manner of parsone or parsons shall at any tyme hereafter incurre or be in anny contempte payne forfeiture or losse, or in daungier of any actyon or suite of Premunire by meane or occac&n of executing or putting in exercyse of anny Lawes or matier which shalbe devised by the saide xxxij or the more pte of theym and sett fourthe by Proclamacon under the great Seale of Englande, or for holding of anny Manner of Plee or making of anny Proces towching or concerning anny suche Lawes or matier; anny Estatute Lawe or Custome to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provyded allso and be it enacted by thauctoritye abovesaide, That all and everye Eccfiasticall Judge and Minister that shall execute anny thing by vertewe of anny suche Lawes so to be sett fourthe as is abovesaide, shall from tyme to tyme obeye the Kings writt and writts of Prohibicon Attachement uppon Prohibityon and Indicavit, and not to precede contrarye to the tenor of suche writt or writtf, in suche and the same manner fourme and condic&n as they have or ought to have doon before the making of this Acte, anny thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Pvyded alwayes and be yt enactyd by the auctoryte aforeseid, That this Acte or any thyng therm conteyned, shall not extend or be interpretated to gyve any auctorite to the seid xxxij,h psones or to the more nomber of them, or to the Kyngf Highnes, for to compyle establysshe publysshe or set fourthe any Eccfiastycall Lawe repugnaunt or cont*ry to any comon Lawe or Statute of this Realme ; Any thyng in this Acte to the cont*ry notw'stondyng.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the orderinge of Eccfiasticall Ministers.

Form of Consecration of Bishops, Priests, &c. shall he framed by Six Bishops, See. to be appointed by the King, and set forth by Proclamation.

FORASMUCHE as Concorde and Unytye to be had within the Kings Majesties Domynions, yt is requysite to have one unyforme fesshion and manner for makinge and consecratinge of Busshoppes Preestf Deacons or Mynisters of the Churche: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinges Highnes withe the assent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that suche forme and manner of makinge and consecratinge of Archebisshoppes Bysshoppes Preestf Deacons and other Mynisters of the Churche, as by sixe Prelatf and sixe other men of this Realme learned in Gods lawe, by the Kinges Majestie to be appoynted and assigned, or by the most nombre of them, shalbe devised for that purpose, and set for the under the Great Seale of Englande before the fyrst daye of Aprill next comynge, shall by vertue of this [Psent Acte be laufullye exercised and used, and none other; Anye estatute lawe or usage to the cont'rye in anywise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XIII. (’)

An Acte for the RestitucSn in bloude of Sr Will*m Sharyngton Knighte.

Pardon confirmed to Sir William Sharington, attainted of Treason by Conviction, and Stat.

2 & 3 E.VI. c. 17, but pardoned by Letters Patents J Nov. 3 Ed. VI.

WHERE S' Wist'm Sharington Knighte, aswell by the course of the Comen Lawe of this Realme of Englande, as by Acte of Parlament, was latelye attaynted of Highe Treasone and other offencf, by reasone wherof he is depryved and dysabled in bloude and name, to demaunde aske have and enjoye suche Manno" Landes tenementf and heredytamentf as shoulde or might coom dyscende remayne or revert to him from anny his lyneall or collaterall aunceto' or aunceto", to whome he shoulde or might be heyre in bloude: And Where our Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is, of his habundaunt elemeneye pitie charitie especyall grace and mere motyon, and by thadvise of his honorable Councell, by his Gracf ires patentf under his great Seale of Englande, bearing date at Westffi the fyfthe daye of November, in the thirde yere of his Reigne, hath pardoned remytted and releassed unto the saide S' Willyam Sharington by the name of Will*m Sharington late of London Knighte, otherwise called Will*m Sharyngton of London Knighte, otherwise called Willyam Sharyngton Knighte, otherwise called Willyam Sharyngton of Laycoke in the Countie of Wilteshiere Knight, or by what other name or surname, or addicon of name or surname he were knowen or called.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in two separata Schedules. * From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

.4.0.1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 13,14,

113

all Highe Treasons and Offences cSmirted and doon by him before the saide frfthe daye of November, as by the same ires patentf of pardone more playnely appereth : Our saide 8overaigne Lorde the King, at the humble petyc&n and suite of the said S' Will*m Sharyngton, is pleased and contented that it be enacted and establyshed by his Highnes, with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the C5menS in this pnt Parlament assembled, and by thauctoritie of the same. That the saide S' Willyam Sharyngton shalbe clerelye pardoned acquited released and dyscharged of all and synguler Treasons and other Offencf mentyoned or expressed in the saide Attayndo' or Attayndo" or Acte of Parlament or anny of them, or wherof the same S' Willyam was attzynted or convycted before the saide fyfthe daye of November, in the saide thirde yere of the Reigne of our 9overaigne Lorde the Kinge that now is, and of all Judgementf Etnprysonementf Paynes of deathe and other Paynes and Penalties which by reasone therof the same S' Willyam Sharington shoulde or might in anny wise incurre have suffer or sustayne: And that the same S' Will'm Sharyngton and his heyres from henseforth maye and shall by auctoride of this presente Acte be restored and enhabled in bloude and name, to sue and be sewed ymplede and be ympleaded, and to demaunde aske have and enjoye all and synguler suche Manno" landes tenementf and heredytamentf with their appten'ncf whatsoever, which at any tyme hereafter shall dyscende come remayne or revert from anny Iyneall or collaterall auncesto' or aunceto" of the saide S' Will*m Sharyngton as heyre or heyres to the same auncesto' or auncesto", in suche manner and fourme as yf the saide S’ Willyam Sharington had never byn attaynted: And that the saide S' Will*m Sharington, and all and synguler the children and yssues of the bodye of the said S' Will‘m Sharington, and all and everye other parsone and parsons, being of thhole bloude to the saide S' Willyam Sharington, maye and by auctoritie of this pnt Acte shalbe fromhensforthe restored and enhabled in bloude and name to demaunde aske have and enjoye all and singuler such Manno" landes tenementf and hereditamentf, with their appten*ncf whatsoever they be, which at anny tyme hereafter shall dyscende revert remayne c5me or growe to the said S'Willyam Sharington or his heyres by dyscent purchace gyfte or otherwise, in suche the same and lyke manner fourme and condic&n to all ententf constructyons and purposes, as yf the saide S' Willyam Sharington had never byn attaynted: And that the same S' Willyam Sharyngton his executo" and administrate" shall and maye in his or their owne name or names, sue aske and demaunde all suche debts coven'ntf and other things to the saide S' Willyam growen dewe, had or made by or uppon any writing specialtye or recorde at anny tyme before the said Attayndo' or Attayndo", which the Kings Highnes hath or shall by his tres patentf or otherwise give gr*unt appointe or assigne to the saide S' Will*m Sharington, and the moneye and other profftte therof comynge to convert have and retayne to the use of the saide S' Willyam his executo" or admynistrato", in suche the same and in lyke manner fourme and condyc&n to all intentf constructyons and purposes, as yf the saide S' Will'm Sharington shoulde or might have doon yf he had never byn attaynted.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie abovesaid, that the said S' Willyam Sharington shall have and enjoye all suche fredomes liberties fr'unchesyes and privilegf within the Cittie of London and ellfwhere, aswell within the Realme of Englande as withowt, as he had and enjoyed before the saide Attayndo' or Attayndo", in suche sorte so'me and condycSn as he had and enjoyed, or of right ought or might have had or enjoyed the same, yf the saide Attayndo' or Attayndo'* or anny of them had not byn had nor made; Anny forfeiture judgement law statute usage custome privylege or other thing to the contrarye notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XIV. (’)

An Act of the Restitution of Mary Seymo' dawghter to the Lorde Seymo’ late Admirall of England.

IN moste humble wise sheweth unto your Highnes your feithfull Subgecte Marye Seymo' doughter of S' Thomas Seymo' Knight, late Lorde Seymo' of Sudeleye, and late highe Admyrall of Englande, begotten of the bodye of Quene Katheryn late Quene of Englande, and late wief to the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo', and before that wief to your moste noble father of moste noble famous memorye King Henry theight; That Whereas the said Thomas Lorde Seymo' by auctoritye of your Highnes Courte of Parlament, holden at Westmestre in the seconde yere of your moste noble Reigne, was justlye attaynted of highe Treasone, and by reason thereof your saide Subgecte standeth, and is a parsonne in her bludde and lynage corrupted: It Maye please your Highnes of your moste noble and habund‘unte grace that it may be at the humble petyftbn of your saide Subgecte ordeyned establyshed and enacted by your Highnes with thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and of the Comons in this pnt Parlament assembled, and by auctoritye of the same, That your said Subgecte and her heyres maye be and shalbe by auctoritye of this Acte, restored and enhabled onelye in bludde as doughter and heyre and heyres to the saide Thomas Lord Seymo': And that your saide Subgecte and hyr heyres from hensforthe maye and shalbe enhabled to demaunde aske have holde and enjoye all and everye such Honno" castellf manno" lordeshippf hundreds fr'unchesyes liberties privylegf advousons nominaftms presentations knightf fees landes tenementf rents reverc&ns servycf retnaynders porcftns aiiuityes penc&ns rights, and all manner of heredytamentf with their appten*ncf, which at anny tyme hereafter shall come remayne dyscende or revert from any collaterall auncesto' of your saide Subgecte (other then such Castellf manno" landes tenementf rents

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

The aid Sir William and hi* Hein restored in Blood, lec.

It.

The Mid Sir Wm. restored to all hit Pririleget in London, lee.

Thomas Lord Seymour attainted of Treaton by' St. aStjE.VL e. 18.

Hit Daughter Mary restored in Blood, See.

Go

114

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.14, 15.

A.D. 1549-50.

reverc&ns servyces remaynders porc&ns anuityes penc&ns rights and all manner of hereditamentf with their apperten*ncf which were of the saide Thomas Lorde Seymor hyr father, in possessyon revertyon remaynder or otherwise, the daye of thattaindo' of the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo' or at anny tyme after the Treason by him cdmytted or done; and other then such Honno" castellf manno" landes tenementf and other heredytamentf as yor Highnes was or is entytled to have, or might or ought to have upon anny office founde or to be founde by force of the saide Attayndo',) in suche the same and lyke manner fourme and condi£6n to all intentf constructyons and purposes, as yf the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo' father to your saide Subgecte, had never byn attaynted, and as thoughe no suche Attayndor of the saide Thomas Lord Seymo' had ever byn had or made; And that your saide Subgecte and hyr heyres maye hereafter use and have anny actyon or suite, and make hyr pedegree and conveyaunce in bludde as heyre, aswell to and from hyr saide father, as allso to any other parsonne or parsons, in lyke manner fourme and degree to all intentf constructyons and purposes as if the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo' had never byn attaynted, and as yf no suche Attayndor were or had byn had, the corruptyon of bludde bitwen the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo' and your Subgecte, and hyr heyres, or anny Acte of Parlament or Judgement concerning thattayndo' of the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo', or anny other thing wherby the bludde of the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo' ys or shoulde be corrupted, to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

II.

Act not to entitle the said Daughter to Land* forfeited to the King upon •uch Attainder.

General Saving.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That this pnt Acte or anny thing therin conteyned extende not to restore or entytle your saide Subgecte, or anny of hyr heyres, to anny such Honno" Castellf Lordshippf manno'1 landes tenementf or other heredytamentf, which your Highnes now hath or had, or is might or ought to be entytled to have, by reasone of anny Attayndo' or Attayndo's of the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo'; nor shall extende to any Hono" castellf lordshippf manno" landes tenementf rents reverebns s'vices or other heredytamentf, late of the saide Thomas Lorde Seymo', which your Highnes hath heretofore gyven demysed exchanged or gr*unted to any parsonc or parsons in fee symple fee tayle or for terme of lief lyves or yeres, or at will; but that all suche Honno" castellf lordcshippf manno" landes tenementf reverebns servyces and heredytamentf, which your Highnes hath gyven demysed exchanged or gr*unted as is aforesaide, shall stande remayne abyde and contynewe in the same estate force degree and condycbn to all intentf constructyons and purposes as they and everye of them were before the making of this Acte, and as thoughe this Acte had never byn had nor made. Savinge to all and everye other parsone and parsons bodyes polytique and corporate their heyres and successo", and to the heyres and successo" of everye of them, all suche estate possessyon right tytle interest reverc&n remaynder leasse and leasses clayme condycon comons and all other proffittf and comodityes as they have or ought to have out in or to the premysses, or any part or parcell therof, as thoughe this Acte had never byn had ne made: And your saide Subgecte shall dailye praye to God for your moste noble Grace in Honno' long to contynewe.

CHAPTER XV. (’)

An Acte against fonde and fantastical! Prophesies.

False 1'ruplieuei dating to the King, kc.

lVnalty on 1‘ertont publishing false Prophecies, to raise Insurrections, Xc. 1U Offence, Imprisonment fur a Year and <£io. j id Offence, Imprisonment for Life and Forfeiture of Goods.

WHERE nowe of late, sythens the progac&n of the last Cession of this present Parlament, divers evill disposed parsons, mynding to stirr and move sedic&n disobedience and rebellion, have of their perverse myndf feyned ymagined invented published and practysed dyvers fantasticall and fonde Prophesyes, concerning the Kings Ma,le dyvers honorable parsons gentlemen and comons of this Realme, to the greate disturbance and perill of the Kings Ma" and this his Realme: For remedy therof be yt ordeyned and enacted by the King o' Sovereign Lorde, w‘ thassent of the Lordes spirituall and teporall, and of the Comens in this pnt Parlament assembled, and by auctoritie of the same, That if any parsone or parsones after the first daye of February next edmeng, doe sett forth in writing printing singing speaking, and publish or otherwise declare'to any parson or parsons, any phantasticall or falce prophesye, apon occac&n of any armes fildes beastes fowles badges and such other lyke things accustomed in armes conysances or sygnetf, or by reason of any tyme yere or daye name bludshed or warr, to the intent thereby to make any rebellion insurrecc&n discencun losse of lyfe or other disturbance within this Realme or other the Kings Domynions, That then every such parson, therof being lawfully indicted and convicted according to the due course of the lawes, for every such Offense shall suffer ymprisonement of his body by the space of one yere w'oute bade or maynprise, and shall forfeite for every such offence the some of ten pounds: And yf any such offendo' doo after such convycc&n eftsones offend in any of the pVnysses, and be therof lawfully indycted and convicted by the due course of the lawes, that then every such offendo' shall for his second offence and conviction, as is abovesaide, suffre imprisonement of his bodie, w'oute bayle or mainprise during his life, and shall forfaite all his goods and chattellf reallf and personally the moyties of every which forfeytures shalbe to the King, and the other moities therof to him that shall or will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Record, by AcC&n bill playnt or informa£6n, in which case no Essoyne wager of lawe or ptecc&n shalbe allowed or admytted.

1 From the Original Act. Sec Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 15, 16.

115

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and every Justice of Assise Justice of Oyer and Determiner, Justise of Peace, shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue hereof, to inquire here and determyne all and every Offence or Offencf abovesaied, comytted or done wHn the lymitf of theyre Comyssion, contrary to the tenor and meaning of this Act.

II.

Offence* may be determined by Justice* of Peace. See.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaied, That no parsone nor parsones, shall at any tyme , . III. hereafter be impeched for any offence hereafter to be comytted or doon contrary to this Acte, onelesse he be therfore pIWCution<! ympeched or accused w'in syx monethes next ensueng any such offence by him or them comytted or doon; and this six Months. Acte to endure to thend of the next Parlament.

CHAPTER XVI. (')

An Acte towchyng the Punyshment of Vacabondf and other ydle Parsons.

FORASMUCHE as it is notoryouslye seen and knowen, that Vacabondf and Beggars doo dailye encreace within Jncreue of

this the Kings Highnes Realme in to verye great numbres, chieflye by occasion of idlenes, mother and roote of ag ‘ c-all vyces, wherby doo insue contynuall theftf murthers conspiracies and other sondrye heynous offencf, and ptelye for that the good and holsome lawes and statutf of this Realme, hath not byn putt in dewe execution, and ptelye allso by reason of the multitude of the same, (thextremitie of some wherof have byn occasion that they have not ben putt in ure;)

Therfore and for dyvers good consyderacbns, It is enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lorde with the assent of the

Lords spuall and temporall and Comons in this pnt Parlament assembled and by thauctoritye of the same, that the St. i Edw.VI. c.j.

Statute made in the first yere of the Kings Highnes moste noble reigne concerning ydle parsons and vacabondf in s?mh!,VHI. c.i*.

certaine caces to be made Slaves, and so fourthe, and all and everye artycle matter proviso br'unche and sentence therin rerived.

conteyned, shalbe from hensforthe utterlye repealed made frustrate voyde and of none effecte: And that the Statute

concerning how aged and impotent psons should be ordred for their better relief, and how Vacabondf and strange

Beggars sholde be punyshed, made in the xxij,h yere of the late King of moste famous meinorye King Henry theight,

and every matter artycle proviso br'unche and sentence therin conteyned, to be from hensforthe revyved made good and

stande in full strengthe and vertewe, and shall contynewe and remayne a parfytt Act of Parlament for ever.

And Be it further enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That all Justices of Peace, and everye of them within the lymittf of their C5myssyon, and the Mayo" Shrieff Bailieff and other offyeers within their severall rewles and offices, shall within their severall limits assemble togither and make their severall devysion according to the purporte and effecte of this Acte, at the next generall Quarter Sessyons of the Peace to be holden after the feast of Easter next to coom, for the dewe spedye and diligent execucyon of the same Acte; and that yf anny suche aged or impotent parson after the feast of Easter next to coom, shall offende contrarye to this Estatute, that then the same offendo' shalbe used and punyshed as in the same Estatute of the xxij,h of King Henry theight is provyded; and that before the feaste of Easter, no punyshment shalbe putt in executyon against anny suche impotent lame and aged parson, but onelye by the discrecion of the next Justice of Peace of the same Shier where suche an offendo' shall be apprehended; any thing in the saide Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And for the avoiding of the ydle loytering of comcn Laborers of Husbandrye within this Realme, be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that suche comen labourers, being parsons able in bodye, using loytering and refusing to worcke for suche reasonable wags as is moste comenlye given in the parties where suche parsons shall dwell, shalbe for everye suche tyme as he or they refuse to labour, having reasonable wags as is aforesaide, adjudged Vacabondf and shall be punyshed as strange and mightie Vacabondf, in suche manner and fourmc as is declared in the saide Acte of xxijUl against Vacabondf.

And touching maymed lamed and sore aged and impotent parsons which resorteth to the Citie of London and to other Cities Townes and Villagf on begging; Be it enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that all and singuler Mayo" Shrieff Bailieff Constables or other hed Offyeers of any Citie Towne or Village to which suche resorte ys or shalbe, shall before the feast of the Purificatyon of our Ladye next following, see all such idle impotent maymed and aged parsons who otherwise cannot by their discretyons be taken for Vacabondf, which were borne within the sayd Citie towne or village, or hath byn there most conversant and abyding by the space of three yeres, and now decayed, bestowed and provyded for, of the Ten*ntres Cotagf or other convenient howses to be lodged in, at the costs and chardgf of the saide Cities Townes Boroughes and Vyllagf, there to be relieved and cured by the devotyon of the good people of the saide Citie Boroughe Towne or Vyllage, and that they doo not suffer after the tyme before rehersed any other then suche as either were borne, or hath byn for the moste parte conversant or abiding by the space of three yeres, as is aforesaide, in the saide Citie Boroughe Towne or Village, to remayne and begg abrade within the Precinctf of suche Cities Townes Vyllages or Boroughes; Except it be suche as have Ires or ar auctorised or licensed by force of this Acte; uppon payne that every suche Mayo" Shriefff and Bailieff Constable or other hed Officer by what name soever he be called, suffering anny parson to begg within the Precincte of his or their such jurisdictyon, other then is before rehersed,

II.

Justice* of Peace shall execute this Act, am) Statute 22 H. VIII. C. 12.

Labourer* refusing to work shall be punished a* Vagabonds.

/-----> j

nr.

Sick pad aged Poor shall be relieved by the Parishes where they were born, fte. and not luffcrcJ to beg.

‘ Prom the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Tear.

Go

116

3° & 4° Emv.VI. c. 16.

A.D. 1549-50.

v.)

Mayors, &c. shall remove sick and aged Poor to their proper Parishes.

VI.

Aged Poor able to work shall be employed.

VII. Lepers and Bedridden Poor allowed to beg by their Proctors.

VIII.

Lord Chancellor may ^aant Briefs for Fires, 8tc.

IX.

All former Acts respecting Beggars repealed.

X.

Poor Children above 5 Years of Age may be taken into Service without Consent of their Parents, &c.;

for everye three dayes shall forfett tenn shilling^ to whome soever will sue therfore, by bill informac&n or actyon of debte in anny Court of Recorde, in the which sutes none Essoyne ne wager of lawe or protectyon shalbe allowed for the Defendaunt.

And Be it further enacted by the auctoritye aforesaide, that the Mayo' of the Citie of London, and all other Mayoure Bailieff Shrieff Constables and other hedd officers of everye Citie boroughe or towne corporate, and of everye other towne and village, doo with all convenyent spede, by themselff or their sufficyent deputies, before the feaste of the Purificatyon of our Ladye next cominge, and so from tyme to tyme every moneth ones, make a vieue and examinatyon t of aged impotent and lame parsons beggars as be within the precinct of their jurisdiction, and see all suche as were not borne nor hath byn for the moste parte conversant and abiding by the space of three yeres complet, or have not Ires and auctorysed or lycensed by force of this Estatute, conveighed on horsbacke cartt or otherwise, as shall seme by their discretyons, to the next Constables, and they to conveye the same to the next Constables, and so from Constables \ to Constables, till the saide psons be brought to the place where they were borne or most conversaunt and abyding as is aforesaide, there to be provyded for kepte and nouryshed of Aimes as is aforesaide ; uppon the paine that everye suche Mayo' Shires or Constable Hedboroughe or' other hedd Offycer not making vieue, not sending or convaying awaye, not receiving or not providing as is before appointed, according to the trewe purporte or meaninge of this Acte, to forfett' for everye suche default tenn shillingf, wherof the one half to the Kings use, and thother to the ptie that will sue therfore in anny of the Kings Courts of Recorde, by bill informatyon actyon of debte, in the which suites none essoyne wager of lawe or protectyon shalbe allowed for the defendaunt.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the ailctoritie aforesaide, that yf any of the saide aged maymed or impotent parsons of the Cities townes or vyllagf where they were borne in or had their most abiding as is aforesaide, be not So lame or impotent but that they may worcke in some manner of worcke, that then suche Citie towne paryshe or village, do either in c5men provyde some suche worcke for them as they maye be occupyed in, or appointe them to suche as will finde them worke for meate and drynke; And yf they refuse of wilfullnes and stubbernes to worcke, or doo roonne awaye and begg in other places, then to punyshe the same according to their discretyons, w' stocking beating or otherwise as shall seme convenyent.

Be it allso enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that all leprouse and poore beddered creatures whatsoever they be, maye at their owne libertye remayne and contynewe in suche howses appointed for leprouse or beddered people, as they now be in, and shall not be compelled to repaire in to any other Countreys or placf by vertewe of this Acte; any thing therin conteyned to the contrarye notwithstanding: And that allso it shalbe lawfull unto the sayd leprouse and beddered people for their better reliefs to appointe their proctour or proctours, so there be not appointed above the nomber of twoo parsons for any one howse of leprouse or beddered people, to gather the charitable almes of all suche inhabit*untf as shalbe within the compas of foure myles of anny of the saide houses of leprous and beddered parsons.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe laufull to the Lorde Ch*uncelor of Englande or Lorde Kepar of the Great Seale for the tyme being, at their discretyons, to gr*unte Comission under the Great Seale of Englande, to every or anny parson or parsons that hath or shall have his or their Howses or Barnes burnt, or suche losses, or to suche as be or shalbe • leprous parsons, to gather the relief and charitie of others for their relief, or for their ayde and helpp of his or their losses decay or hynder'unce, as in tymes past hath byn used ; Any thing in this Acte notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that all and everye Statute & Acte of Parlament, made for punyshment of vacabondf slaves aged or impotent parsons or anny of them, and everye Artycle sentence dawse or proviso therin conteyned, other then this pnt Acte and Statute now made, and the saide Acte made in the saide xxij<u yere, shalbe from hensforthe utterlye voyde repealed and of none effecte or force.

And Forasmych as dyvers wymen and men goeinge on begging, impotent and lame, and some able enoughe to labor, do cary children aboute w' them of tendre aege, and some of foure v or vj yeares of aege or yonger, or elder, which being ones brought up in idelnes, will hardely be brought after to ony good kynd of Iabor payne travell or service; Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaied, that if any childe above thage of v yeares, and Undre thage of xiiij, goe abought wandering as is aforesaide, or ells alone, in case any mantJ of parson that is habell to kepe any such childe, will take it be it male or female, of and from any such begger being the father or mother fherof, nourcyer or keper, whither they be willeng or not, or w'oute any such Nourice father mother or keper,

by him or her Self wandering, and bring such childe so taken before one of the Constables of the Parish where

the childe shall so fortune to be taken uppe, and at the next geSall Quarter Sessions to be holden in that

Shire next to the place where the saide taking up shall fortune to be, present the same in the presence of the

said Constable, before the Justices of Peax at the same Sessyons, and there in open Sessions promes to bring the same Child up in some honest labor or occupacon, till the woman child come to thage of xv yeares, and the man child to thage of xviij yeares, if the Mr or Maistres shall ch'unce so long to Iyve, that then and imediately the sayd Justicf of Peax by their discrec&n shall adjuge, be vertue of this Acte, the said childe, unto the ages bifore specified, to be sVunt or s'v'untf to the said parson or parsons so taking and promesmg as is aforesaide; such childe to be used and ordred in all points according as the Lawe and Custome of the Realme is of sVuntf w'oute wages, to what labo' occupacbn or service soever the said taker up or M' or Maistres shall appointe him or her during the saide terme, and the said judgement shalbe entered by the Clark of the Peax in the said Sessions in fourme folding;

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw. VI. c. 16, 17

117

Memorand, that at die Sessions of the Peax holden at W. the daye etc. one L B. of the towne of L. had

delyPed to him according to the forme of the Statute in that case provided, B. T. estemed to be of thage of

vij or viij yeres, to be ordred according to the fourme of the said Statute. And if it shall fortune such childe and leaving their

so adjuged, to rone awaye at any tyme, ones or mo tymes from his or her M' or Maistres, that then it shalbe lawefull ^Jilhedby

for every such Maister or Maistres, to take the said childe agayne, and to kepe and ponish the sayd childe in the stocks, Justices of Peace.

or otherwise by discref&n, or otherwise at the liberde of such Mr or M", to have a warr*unt from any Justice of Peax

in the same Shire where the childe so rones awaye, for such childe ronneing awaie or goeng awaie, as is provided by

the Statute Laborers for such sVuntf as departe awaie from their Mr or M'" without a reasonable cause, bifore the eand

of their tenne. And that every Justice of Peax shall by force of this Act have auctoride and power to make such

warrant against every such parsone so going or ronning awaye, in lyke fourme as they or any of them maye do against

any sVunt departing oute of his Masters service w'oute licence or reasonable cause, and by source of the same warr'unt,

the child so runing or going awaye to be taken and ordred in every degree as is provided by the said Statute

Laborers for sVuntf departing owte of there Mr or Mystres s'vice, as ys aforesaide.

XL

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaied, that if and as often as yt shall chaunce the father mother Action by the Norice or other bearer abouts of the childe, or any other parsone or parsones, to steale or intyse awaye any such childe entidngMt

adjuged for a sVunt as is aforesaid, that then and so often it shalbe Iawfull for the M' or Mn‘ of the same childe to *"ch ^ren "om be at his or their libertye, to take an acttn upon the Statute Laborers, against every such parson so stealing or entysing away suche childe as he or they might have by reason of the said Statute Labora's, against him or them that reteynes any mans sVunte out of his s'vice, before thend of the said terme, or ells to take an acc&n of Tr*ns against such offendo', in which acc&n he shall recover his damagf and treble costs of his suite.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaied, that if the Mr or M* to whome such childe as is juMjce may aforesaide shall be adjuged to be sVunt, be unresonable in ordring and bringing up of such childe, that then at all d»*ch^uch tymes uppon complaint made at the generall Quarter Sessions of Peax in the Countie where the said childe shalbe, by Service on two honest neighbo's of the same place or towne where the said childe shall fortune to be so unresonably ordered, yf ??^°d,uct of it shall appeare by honest witnes to the Justyces of Peax at the same Sessions the complainte therof made shalbe trew, then the Justicf of Peax at there generall Sessions in the same Shire where such complaint shalbe made, shall by vertue of this Acte have auctoretye and power to discharge the said childe from his or theyre unreasonable Mr or Mastris, and appoint the same to some other honest Mr or M'" unto the said ages, to be ordred in every degree as the said child shuld have ben w* his forreJ Mr or Mrl>, and that ordre and appointment to be written in the booke of the Clark of the Peax, for the which entre the said Clark of the Peax shall have iiij d. for his labo' and not above, and in lyke maner shall have iiij d. and not above for the furst entre of the child to be sVunt as is aforesaied, to be paied by the M' or Maistris of the said child.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thauctorede aforesaied, that if the woman child to be apointed a sVunt as Femalesmarried is aforesaied, be maried afore her aege of xv yeares, that then by that manage she shalbe discharged of s'vice; This Act shall be discharged or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary notw'stonding.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the auctoride aforesaid, that all and ev’y Vacabond or Begger being borne in any other NacSn or Country then this Realme, shall in manner and forme aforesaide, and upon the forfeytures and penalties before menf&ned, be convayed from place to place, to the place or marches next adjoyneng to his or countrie^'i'c their natyve Country, or to the next Porte if there be a See bitwen this Realme and his or their said Countries, there to be kept of thenhabit*untf of the said next Porte, in convenient labo' from idelnes, or otherwise till they may be convaied over, and then at the costs of thenhabifuntf of the said Porte if themselves shall not have wherew' to be convaied over into their natyve Countries.

XIV.

Foreign Beggars shall be removed

CHAPTER XVII. (■)

An Act ageynst unlawfull huntinge in any Parck Forrest Chace or other enclosed grownde.

WHEREAS in the first yere of your moste gracyous Reigne, your Ma" in consyderac&n of the great obedyence Mischiefs from St.

that yo'Subgectf then were in, of your inesdmable elemeneye and tender love borne unto the same, gave your Royall Assent unto an Acte of Parlament, towching the repeale of certaine Statutf, the penaldes wherof seined Felonies created verye sore, thinking moste godlye therby to Wynne yo' saide Subgectf to the contynuance of their obedyence, rather by An , Hen. VIII. love then by feare; Forasmuche as sythen the tyme of the saide repeale, your Grace hath founde the experyence therof to have had other successe then your moste marcyfull meaning loked for, And that suche insolencyes and barbarous unrulynes and dysobedyence hath followed the same, as heretofore hath not byn seen either in this Realme or ells where

Amongf the which owtragyous dysorders, one hath byn unlawfull hunting, not onelye in all your Gracf Subjects severall groundes but in your Gracf owne pkes and forrestf, almoste throughe owt the Realme, so notablye as in some of your Gracf pkes were slayne fyve hundreth Dere in a daye within verye fewe myles of your Ma" Citie of London, w* unsufferable liberde eskaping withowt dew punyshment, hath bredd suche a bolde contynuance of the

1 From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of thi* Year.

H h

118

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 17, 18.

A J).1549-50.

St.31H.VIII. C.IJ. &3i H.VIII. c.11. as to Forests and Deer-stealers, revived for 3 Years.

Continuance of this Act.

II.

Felonies under this Act shall not work Corruption of Blood.

Recital of Stat. a, 3 Edw.VI. c.5. remitting Fee-farm Rents to the King for Three Years;

lyke, as at this pnt both nighte and daye your Gracf parkes and forrestf, and the pkes allso of others, are still hunted with suche a boldenes as unneth it is taken for a faught, to the great disqnyetnes of your Gracf kepars and the destructyon of your Royall Games, besyde the shame and dyshono' that in other Realmes therof is spoken: For Reformac6n therof, nioste humblye besechen your Grace, yor Ma"' most humble and lovinge Subgectf, That it maye be Ordeyned and Enacted by your Ma" the Lordes spuall and temporall, and the Comons in this present Parlament assembled, and by thauctoritie of the same, that aswell one Estatute made in the Parlament holden at Westmestre in the xxxj"* yere of the Reigne of King Henry theight, towching the wrongfull entre into any Forrest parke or chase of the Kings Highnes the Quenes the Pryncf or any of the Kings children for the tyme being, or into anny other grownde of his or theirs inclosed with wall or pale, ordeyned or used for noureshing of Dere; as allso one other Estatute made in the Sessyon of the saide Parlament, holden the xxxijlh yere of the Reigne of the same late King, touching the wrongfull taking kylling or sleing of anny Dere within anny pke chase or closed grounde used for Dere, maye from the fyrst daye of Maye next cominge, be fullye and clerelye revyved; and that the same Statutf w1'1 all and all manner of br*unchys artydes sentencf and penalties of the same severall Estatutf, maye from the same daye be in full force strengthe and vertewe, to all intentf constructyons and purposes as yf the same Estatutf or anny of them had never byn repealed ; the saide Acte of Repeale or any other Acte or thing to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding: This Statute to endure the space of three full yeres to be complete and fullye ended, from the first daye of Maye abovesaide.

(’) Provided allwayes and be yt enacted, that this pnt Acte or any thinge therin conteyned, shall not in any wise extende to cause the wieflfe of such offendo' or offendo's to lose anye dower, but that the wyffe and wyffes of suche offendo' and offendo's shall have suche interest and recoverye of in and to their dower of the Lands tehtf and heredytamentf of suche offendo' or offendo's, as they shulde have had in case no such attaindo' or conviccbn had been had of any the offencf aforesaide: And that by suche attainder or conviccon, the heire of such offendo' or offendo's shall lose no inheritance ne suffer anye corrupcbn of bloodde, but shall after the deathe of such offendo' and offendo's, enherite and be demed and adjudged as heire, and enabled as heire to suche offendo' or offendo's in such maner and so'me as yf no suche attaindo' or convice&n had been had; Any thinge herein conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notw'stondinge.

CHAPTER XVIII. (:)

An Acte concemynge the Fee Fermes mencioned in the last Session.

WHEARE in the seconde Sessyon of this psent Parliament holden at Westfii upon Prorogae&n the iiiju' daye of Novembre in the second yere of the raigne of o' mooste drad Soveraign Lorde the Kinge that nowe ys; Our Soveraign Lorde the Kinge of his mooste godlye and vertuous disposicbn, by thassent of the Lordes spuall and tempall, and the Commons in the saide Parlament assembled, and by auctoritie of the same, Aswell for the ayde and reliefs of the Poore in the Citties boroughes and townes corpate of this his Realme of England and Contrye of Wales, as for the execuc&n of other deades of charytie and comon wealthe there, Ordeyned and enacted, that suche feefermes, and somes of moneye payed for feefermes, as by any Citie boroughe or towne corporate w‘in this his Realme of England or Contreye of Wales, or by the bodies politique or corporate officers or mynysters of the same, sholde or oughte to be due and payable to his Majestie his heires or successo's duringe iij yeres nexte ensuynge after the xiiij"" daye of Marche in the yere of o' Lorde God M1 v C. xlviij. sholde cease and not be due ne payable to his Majestie ne his heires or successo's by any suche Citie boroughe ne towne corporate, ne by anye the bodies politique or encorpate of them or any of them, nor by the Officers inhabitantf and mynysters of the same Cities boroughes or townes corporate or anye of them, and that the saide Acte sholde be, to them and everye of them and to the successo's of everye of them, a sufficient warrant and discharge againste his Majestie his heires and successo's for the receyvynge and w'holdinge of the same feefermes and sdmes of moneye duringe the saide iij yeres, and that no processe or other sute sholde be at any tyme had or awarded against them or anny of them, oute of the Exchequer or any other Co'te for the arrerages thereof, for or in any of the saide three yeres: And yt was then furder provided and enacted by the sayde aucthoritie, that as moche of all and everye suche somes of moneye as sholde or oughte to be due to the Kings Majestie his heires or successo's, by anye Citie boroughe towne corporate w*in England or Wales, or by the bodies politique of the same, or by any the officers or mynysters of the same, or anye of them duringe the said iij yeres, whiche mighte be gathered and collected of the yssues fermes and proffittf, for whiche the saide feefermes sholde have be payde in case the same had not bene discharged by the sayde Acte, sholde be levied collected gathered payed and aunswered, as it sholde have been yf the saide Acte had not been made, to be employed and bestowed in and aboughte repayringe of walls bridges settinge poore people on worke or other good deades, in every such Cittie boroughe or towne corporate where the same sholde so have bene due duringe the saide iij yeres, yf the saide Acte had not been made, by the discrecyon an4 appoyntment of suche Comyssyoners as the Kings Majestie shulde pticlerly aucthorise and appointe for everye suche Citie boroughe or towne corporate, in

> This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 18, 19.

119

suche maner and so'me as the same CSmyssioners shulde assigne lymyte and appoynte, or as by suche Comyssyon

shulde be declared or expressed, and not to the Kings Ma"e his heires or successo's in his Co'te of the Exchequer or

in any other Co'te or place, to the use of his Ma’" his heires or successo's : Neverthelesse for divers espiall cosiderac&ns Such Rent* shall

and weighde causes. Be it nowe enacted ordeyned and establisshed by auctoride of this pnt Parlament, that the aaide ^er^'r‘*^or

former Acte concemynge the saide fee fermes and somes of moneye, and all articles clauses and provisions concernynge

the order disposic&n and paymentf of the same feefermes and somes of moneye or any of them therin conteyned, or

of any anuytie or somes of moneye out of the saide feefermes and somes of moneye paide for feefermes, shall stand

remayne and be in their full strength power and effect only for the first yere of the saide iij yeres conteyned in the saide

Acte, and not otherwise ne for any longer tyme. And that the saide Acte of feefermes, and all articles clauses and

provisions therein conteyned, towchinge and concemynge the remittinge reteynynge disposition or payment of the saide

feefarmes, or of any pte or pcell thereof of and for the last two yeres of the said three yeres, shall utterly ceasse

determyne and take none effect; anye thinge conteyned in the same former Acte to the contrarye in any wise

notwithstandinge.

And Furthermore, Be yt ordeyned and establisshed by thauctoritie aforesaide, That from and after the xiiijth daye of After 14th March Marche in this psent yere of o' Lorde God M1 vC. xlix. the saide feefermes and somes of money payed for feefermes, and every of them, shall be due payable and answerable unto the Kings Majestie his heires and successo's at suche tymes a* before, and placf, and in suche maner forme and condition to all ententf construe cons and purposes, as the same or any of them were oughte or myghte have bene payed or payable before the makinge of the saide former Acte j Anye thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye therof notw'stondinge.

Provided Allwayes and be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everye Patentee or Patentees, and all Provi*o for other psons and bodies politique and corporate, their heires successo's and assignees, which by vertue of the Ires patentf ^ o{

of the Kings Ma‘", or of anye his noble pgenito's, or otherwise at and before the makinge of the saide former Acte *uch Rent, had or enjoyed, or laufullye sholde or mighte have had or enjoyed any anuytie or some or somes of moneye goinge oute, or to be taken or payable of the saide feefermes or somes of moneye payed for feefermes, or any of them, shall and maye laufullye dayme aske demaunde have and enjoye such Anuytie or somes of money as shalbe due payable and aunswerable to any suche pattentec or pattentees, or any other psons or bodies politique and corporate, their heires successo's and assignees, or anye of them, from and after the saide xiiijUl daye of Marche in the saide yere of our Lorde God MvC.xlix. at suche tymes and placf, and in suche sorte maner and so'me to ail intentf and p'poses as the same Anuytie or some or somes of moneye were payed or aunswered, at and before the makinge of the said so'mer Acte, and in none otherwise; Any thinge herein conteyned to the contrarye thereof in any wise notw'stondinge.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the buyinge of Rother Beastf and Cattell.

BE it enacted by thauthoritye of this p*sent Parliament, That noe pson or psons at anye tyme from and after the None shall buy feast of the AnunciacSn of our Ladye next edmynge shall buye, or comon and conclude to buye, any manner of Market* 'n Oxen Steres Rontf Kyen Heighfers or Calves, but onelye in the open sayer or inarkett where the same shall happen to "or rc-«ell them in be brought and put to sale; and shall not sell the same agayne on lyve at and in the Markett or sayer where he ' ‘

bought the same, duringe the tyme of the sayde Fayer or Markett, upon payne of forfayture of the double value of Double Value, suche Cattell bought or solde contrarie to the tenor of this psent Acte.

Provyded alwaye and be it furder enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide. That yt it shalbe laufull for all and everie Proyi^, f,r c«tie pson and psons to buy any Oxen Steres Rontf Kyen Heighfers and Calves or any of them, out of anye open sayer or ^Kht {or prirate markett, for his or their pvysion for their Household Teame or Dayry at his or their will or pleasure, to be employed and spent only in keping & maynten'nce of his or their House or for their Teame or Dayrie and not otherwise.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, That noe pson beinge a Bucher and usrnge the crafte or Butcher* buying mysterie of Butcherie, shall at anye tyme after the saide Feaste buye anye fatte Oxen Steres Rontf Kyen Heyghfers kU

Calves or Shepe, and sell or cause to be soulde the same agayne on lyes; uppon payne of forfeyture of everie suche alive, on Penalty Oxe Stere Rome Cowe Heighfer Calfe or Shepe bargayned or soulde contrarie to the forme of this psent Acte.

Provyded alwaye that all and everie pson and psons beinge a Butcher and usinge the arte and mysterie of Butcherie, Butcherj^ shall and maye, at his and their will and pleasure, buye anye fatte Oxen Steres Rontf Kyen Heyghfers Calves and Shepe buy Cattle out or anye of them out of any open sayer or markett, so that suche Bucher sell not nor cause to be soulde the same agayne of open Market-on lyffe as ys aforesaide; anye thinge conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

The one Moytie of all whiche forfeytures shalbe to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires and successors, and Application of the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde, wherin no wager Forfeiture*, of lawe essoyne or ptectyon shalbe allowed for the Defendaunte or Defendauntes: This Act to endure to the ende of Continuance of Act. the next Parliament.

120

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c.20,21.

A.D. 1549-50.

Recital of Stat. a, 3 Edw.VI. c. i j. § 3. allowing certain Artificer! to work in Citiei, See. where they are not Inhabitant!.

Evil thereof to such Artilicers in London:

Recited Clause of the aid Act repealed.

None shall buy Butter or Cheese to (ell again, otherwise than by Retail in open Shops, &c. Penalty,

Double Value.

II.

Proviso for Innkeepers.

Continuance of AA.

in.

Definition of retailing.

CHAPTER XX.

An Act* touchinge the Repeale of a certeyne braunche of an Acte passed in the laste Session of this Parliament concerninge Vyttualers and Artyficers.

TT THERE by a certeyne Acte in the Parliament holden at Westfii by progac&n the fourthe daye of Novembre in IT the seconde Yere of the raigne of our moste dread Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that nowe ys, It is enacted and established that noe pson or psons shoulde at any tyme after the firste daye of Aprill then next ensuynge, interrupte denye lett or disturbe anye Free Mason roughe mason carpenter bricklayer playsterer joyner hardhewer sawyer tyler pavyer glayser lyme burner brickmaker tylemaker plummer or laborer, borne in this Realme or made Denizen, to worke in anye of the saide Crafts in any Citde boroughe or towne corporate withe anye pson or psons that will retayne him or them, Albeit the saide p6on and psons so retayned or any of them, do not inhabyte or dwell in the Cittie boroughe or towne corporate where he or they shall worke, nor be free of the same Citde boroughe or towne, anye Statute lawe ordyn*unce or other thinge whatsoever before had or made to the contrarie in anyewise notwithstandinge; and that upon payne of forfeyture of fyve pounde for everie interrupebn or disturbaunce done contrarie to the saide Estatute, the one moytie of everie suche forfeyture to be to the Kinge and the other Moytie thereof to be to hime or them that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde, by Bill playnte actyon of debte or informacbn wherein no Wager of lawe essoyne nor pteefftn sholde be allowed: as by the saide Acte of parliament amongf other things more playnelye appereth: And Forasmuche as in the Cittie of London beinge the Kinges Chambre and most auncyent Cittie of this Realme, the Artificers and Crafts men of the Artes crafts and mysteries aforesaide are at greate costs and chargf aswell in bearinge and payinge of Taxes tallagf subsidyes scott lott and other chargf, aswell to the Kings Majestie as to the saide Cittie, and at manye and sondrye tryumphes and other tymes for the Kings honor, and that yf forrens sholde come and worke amongf them within the libtyes of the saide Cittie contrarye to their auncyent privelegf, that the same shoulde be a great decaye of conynge and an ympoverishment and drivinge awaye of the free men beinge Artificers of the Crafts artes and mysteries aforesaide within the saide Cittie of London, to the great hurte or destructyon of the saide Cittie: For reformacbn whereof the Kings Majestie ys pleased and contented that it be enacted by thauctoritye of this p*sent parliament withe the assent of the Lords spuall and temporall and of the Cdmons of this psent parliament assembled, that the saide Acte, onely touchinge the article and clause aforesaide and all and everie sentence and braunche conteyned in the saide Acte con?nynge the same Article, shall from henceforthe be resumed repealed adnulled revoked adnichilated and utterlye made voyde for ever; Anye thinge conteyned in the saide former Acte towchinge the Clawse or Article aforesaide to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte for buyinge and sellinge of Butter and Cheese.

BE it enacted by the auctoritie of this psent Parliament that noe pson or psons after the Feaste of the AnundacSn of our Ladye next comynge shall buy to sell agayne anye Butter or Cheese, unlesse he or they sell the same agayne by retayle in open Shoppe layer or markett and not in grosse; uppon payne of forfeyture of the double value of the same butter and cheese so solde cont*rye to the tenor of this Psent Acte, thone moytie of all whiche forfeytures to be to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires and successors and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde, wherein noe Wager of lawe essoyne or ptecc&n shalbe allowed for the defendaunte or defendauntes.

Provyded alwaye that this Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned shall not extende to anye Inholder or Vittayler, for suche Butter or Cheese as shalbe spent or uttered by retayle in anye of their houses; Anye thinge conteyned in this Acte to the cont*rye notwithstandinge. This Acte to endure to the ende of the next Parliament.

(1) Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that the saide worde of Retayle mencyoned in this Acte, shalbe expounded declared and taken onely where a Waye of Cheese or a barrell of Butter, or of lesse quantitye and not above, shalbe solde at any one tyme to any pson or psons in open shoppe sayer or markett, and that to be done without fraude or covyn.

1 This Proviso it annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

G(X-

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Enw.VI. c.22.

m

CHAPTER XXII. (')

An Acte concemyng reteynyng of Jo'neymen by dyv’se psons.

WHEAREAS many yonge folkf and servauntf of sundrye occupacbns, beinge ones oute of their apphiticehodes or their yerely retayned /vice, will not comonly bee reteigned in /vice by the yere, nor labo' in their sciencf occupacbns or crafts wherein they be exercised or broughte uppe, but at their libertie by the daye weeke or otherwise worke by grete, to thintent they will live ydelye and at their pleasure flee and resorte from place to place, wherof ensuith more incovenyencies then can be at this psent expressid and declared : Be yt therfore enacted by the auctoritie of this Parliament, that no p6on nor psones occupyinge or usinge, or that hereafter shall occupie or use any of the artes misteries occupacbns crafts or sciencf of a Clothmaker Fuller Sherman Weyver Tailo' or Shomaker, shall after the feaste of Penthecoste next comynge, hier or reteigne to worke in anye of their artes mjsteries occupacbns crafts or sciencf, any pson or psons unmaried as a Jo'neyman, that is to saye, to worke or labour by the daye or or taill woorke, or by the greate, or for any tyme or terme under the tyme and terme of oon hole q*rter of oon hole yere; And that no pson or psons unmaried shall be hiered or reteigned wl any of the psone or psones aforesaid, to worke in any of the artes misteries occupacbns crafts or sciencf aforesaide, for any Ies tyme then for the space of oon hole q*rter of on hole yere; upon payne of e9y pson offendinge cotrarie to this Statute to suffer ymprisonement for one hole moneth w'oute baile or maineprise, & to forfeit for e9y such offence xl s.

And Be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that ev*y Jorneyman of any the crafts occupacbns or misteries aforesaide, beinge required by any pson or psons usinge the misteries occupacbns crafts or sciencf aforsaide or any of them, to /ve by the q*ter of the yere half yere or hole yere upon suche resonable wags as betwene them shalbe agreed, and in cace where the pties cannot accorde, then for suche wags as shalbe adjudged and decreed by oon Justice of the Peax, Mayo' Alderman Bailif Portreve Constable or Tythinge man, of the Shire Citie Towne Borough Village Hundred Wapentake or Tythinge where any such Jumeyman shall be required to serve as is abovsaid, and thereupon if such Jumeyman refuse to /ve in man! and so'me abovesaid, that then ev'ye suche Jo'neyman & ePy of them so refusing to /ve as is abovesaide, shall suffer emp'sonmet by the space of oon hole moneth, and shall at ev*y time so refusinge forfeit xx. s.

And Be it further enacted, that all & etPye pson & psons that shall have iij apntief in any of the saide crafts misteries or occupacbns, shall reteyne & kepe one Jo'neyman, and for ev*y other apntice above the nober of the said iij apntief oon other Jo'neyman, upon payn for ev*y defalte x fi. the one half of all whiche forfeitures shall be to the Kinge o' SoPaign Lorde, and thother halfe to suche pson or psons as will sue for the same in any of the Kings Co'tf of Recorde by bill informal accbn of dett or otherwise, in whiche suite no essoign proteccon or wag of lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

And It is ferther enacted by the auctoritie abovesaide, that all & singter thoffencf abovesaid whiche shalbe hereafter comitted or doon cotrary to the teno' of this pnt Acte, shalbe inquirable and pntable before the Justicf of Oyer & determiri Justicf of Assises Justicf of the Peax, & in all & every Leete & Leetf before the Steward or Stewardf there, & before any Mayo' Baylyfe or other hed officer of any Citie Towne or Boroughe corpate, and that the said Justicf Steward Mayo’ Baylyfe or other hed officer, shall have full power & auctoritie from tyme to tyme to punyshe & correct all and ev’y pson & psons offendinge cotrarye to the teno' of this pnt Acte, accordinge to suche psentment or psentmStf as before hym or them shalbe hadde or made.

(* ) Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesayde, that all servauntf of husbondrie unmaried and whiche have not bene maried, and all /vauntf and laborers usinge to labo' in Bargf comonly called Westeme Bargf whiche are not nor have beene maried, shall after the feaste of the Anuncyacbn of our Ladye next comynge, serve by the hole yere, and not go by the daye wags, uppon payne of such punyshement as is conteyned in the Statutes made againste Laborers; and that all suche servauntes shall after the saide feaste give their M' and Mystres a quarters wamynge againste his or their depture oute of service, upon the like peine conteyned in the saide Statute.

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Tear.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Journeymen Clothiers, Weavers, Tailors, and Shoemakers shall not be hired for less than a Quarter of a Year i Penalty,

One Month's Imprisonment.

II.

Such Journeymen shall serve by the Quarter, Half-year, or whole Year, as required. Sec.

III. Proportion of Journeymen to Apprentices.

IV.

Justices of Assises and Peace may determine Offences.

V.

Unmarried Servants in Husbandry, and Bargemen, shall 9erve by the Year.

11

),by

122

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 23

A.D. 1549-50.

Release of the Relief granted to the King on Cloths and Sheep by Sut. a, J E. VI. c. 36.

II.

Grant of Relief on Goods for One Year farther; is.in the Found from Subjects, and as. from Aliens, above j£io, and is. under, if above aos.

Exceptions, &c.

CHAPTER XXIII. (■)

An Acte concernyng the releasse of the br*unches in the last Acte of Reliefs for the paymentf for Shepe and Clothes; And also a g*unte of a Subsidie to be payed in one yere.

MOOSTE humblie prayinge the Comons in this pnt Parlament assembled yo' mooste Excellent Majestie;

That Where in the last Cessyon of this psent Parlament uppon progac&n begoon at Westm the mj"1 daye of Novembre in the second yere of yor Highnes raign, and there contynued unto the xiiijth daye of Marche then next followinge, Yo' humble and faithefull Subjects the Comons in the saide plament assembled, w* the assent of the Lordes spuall and temporall, graunted unto your Highnes oon reliefe of iij 8. of every pounde of the gooddes and cattallf of every parson being woorthe x ti. and upward, to be levied and taken in three yeres, in maner and forme as is mencioned in the saide Acte; And also oon other reliefs to be taken and levied for everie shere Sheepe, accomptinge the same by the polle after the rate; as by the same Acte more at large yt doothe appeare ; And oon other reliefs of eighte pence of the pounde of the price and value of all and singier woollen Clothes, to be taxed and levyed in maner and so'me as by the same Acte yt is declared; The same severall reliefff to enduer and to be yerelye payde and levied during three yeres, as by the same former Acte more largelye it appeareth: Whiche Reliefe of Cloth appeareth nowe so comberous to all Clothmakers, and also so tediouse to the same for makinge of there bookes and the accomptes thereof, by reason of lacke of the Alnegers not allwayes p’sent when tyme requiereth, that in maner they are discoraged to make anye Cloth, or to sett anye men on woorke aboute the same; And also the saide Reliefs of Shepe ys to yo' poore Comons, havinge but fewe Shepe in nomber, a greate charge, and also so comberouse for all yo' Comissioners and Officers named and appointed for executmge of the same, that they cannot in man! tell howe to serve yo' Highnes therein accordinge to their duties: Yt may therfore please yo' Highnes, w* thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and of yo' said Comons, and at their moost humble sute. That it be enacted by the auctoritie of this pnt pliament, that the severall grauntes & clauses mencioned in the saide Acte of Reliefs, concernynge or towchinge only the severall gr*untes of Releefff to be levied and paide for Sheepe, after the rate of the polle, and of Cloth to be paid, or of anye of them, as in the former Acte ys recyted, and everye article clause pvision and sentence cocemynge onlye the same severall gr*untf of Reliefff for Shepe and Cloth, or eyther of them, shalbe from the said iiij'h day of Novembre in the saide second yere of yor mooste noble raign, demed and adjudged voide and of none effect, and to be utterlye repealed to all intentf constructing and p'poses; and that every article clause and pvision mencioned in the saide Acte off Reliefs, touchinge or cocernyng the Reliefs of and for gooddes, to stand and be good and effectuall accordinge to the tenure of the same Acte of Reliefs.

And We yo'humble and obedient Subjects beseche yo' Highnes, that yt may please yo' Highnes to take and recevve of us yo' said Subjects towardes yo' inestimable chargys that you have allreadie susteyned and borne, and be lyke hereafter to susteyne and bere, for the defence of Us and this yo' Highnes Readme and Dnions, ageinst the olde and auncient enemyes of the same the Frenchemen and the Skottf, nowe beinge open enemyes to yo' Highnes yo' saide Readme and Dnions, this small gift hereafter followinge; not as any recompence or satisfaction to your Majestie of and for yor mooste bountefull and liberal! releasse and discharge of yor saide humble Subjects of and concernynge the saide severall Reliefff of Shepe and Clothes, but as a token and knowlege of o' faithefulnes loving and willinge heartes towards yo' Highnes to be allwayes redye to bere w1 yo' Highnes to the uttermost of o' powers in ad yo' pcedingf and affayres, as to the dutie of naturall and obedient Subjects appteyneth, That is to say ; Wee yo' Gracf saide lovinge subjects doo by aucthoritie of this p>sent plament freelye and of o' good hertf and myndes give and gr*unte unto yo' mooste royal Malle oon other Reliefs, to contynue by oon yere next ensuynge the determynacbn of the saide three yeres spified in the saide former Acre of Reliefs for gooddes, to be rated taxed levied and gatherid of every pson, of what estate or degree he be, accordinge to the tenor of this Acte, after the rate and in maner and so'me followinge. That is to saye; Aswell of all and evy pson asys or hereafter shalbe yo' Gracys naturall subjects as of all and everye fraternitie guylde corporation mysterye brotherhed company and comynaltie, corporat or not corporat, w'in this Readme of England Wales and other the Kings Dnions, beinge worth x ti. of moneye coyne plate stocke of march*undize corne grayn shepe beastf cattallf or other gooddes movable, as well w'in this Readme as w'oute, and of ad suche somes of money as to hym or them shalbe owinge, wherof he or they trust in their consciencys surely to be payed, xij d. of everye pounde; And of everye Alien or Straunger borne oute of the Kings obeis*unce, as wed Denysen as not Denysen, inhitinge or resiant w'in this Readme or any other the Kings Dnions, beinge woorthe x ti. in moneye coyne plate stocke of iSchandize corne grayne sheepe beastf cattallf or other goodes moveable, as wed w'in this Readme as w'oute, and of ad such somes of moneye as to hym is or shalbe owinge, wherof he trusteth in his concyence to be suerlye payed, ij s. of everye pounde ; And of every Alien or Straunger borne oute of the Kings obeys*unce, as wed Denysen as not Denysen, inhitinge or resiant w'in this Readme or any other the Kings Dnions, beinge woorth xx s. and under x ti. in money coyne plate stocke of iSchaundize corne grayne shepe beastf cattail or other gooddes moveable, aswell w'in his Readme as w'oute, and of ad suche somes of moneye as to hym is or shalbe owinge, wherof he trusteth in his conscyence be surelie payde, xij d. of ev'y pounde; Except and oute of the pmisses deducted, such somes of moneye as any pson or psons before chargeable owe, and in his or their conscyence truly mynde to paye ; And excepted also the apparell of suche psons their wyefff and children belonginge to their owne bodies, savinge jewellf golde sylver stone andperlle; Excepted also allwayes from the charge assessement and payment of the saide Reliefs, all money gooddes

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

>4. D. 15 49-50.

3° & 4° Enw. VI. c. 23.

123

i

i

cattallf of Orphanes bequeathed or left unto theym by their parents or other their frendes deceassed. And that all plate coyne jewellf gooddes debts and cattallf personallf beinge in the rule and custodye of any pson or psons, to thuse of any corporac&n fratemytie guylde mysterye brotherhed copanye, or any comynaltie being corporate or not corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte at the value certified by the psento's of the certificat to be sworne of e9y pounde in gooddes and debts as is abovesaide, and the soines that are before rehersed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have suche gooddes in custodie at is before rehersed: And the same pson or p6ons and bodie corporate by thauctoritie of this Acte shalbe discharged against hym or them that shall or oughte to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delivery therof, or at his otherwise depture from the custodie or possession of the same. Excepte and allwayes forprised from the charge and assessement of this Reliefs, all goodes cattallf jewellf & ornametf of Churches and Chappellf, ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf, for Divyne fvice therin to be celebrated.

Also Wee the Kings Ma" loving and obedient Subjects doo give and graunte to your Iiighnes eightpence, to be payed in the same yere by every other pson not borne under the Kings obeys’unce, beinge Denysen or not Denysen, other then Wemen covert soldiers and suche pons as be under the age of xij yeres, dwellinge or resyant w4n this Reallme or any other the Kings Duions.

And the saide Relieflff shalbe by aucroritie aforesaid taxed assessed and rated in the saide yere in every Shire Ridinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Boroughe Towne and everye other place win this Realme of England and Wales and other the Kings Domynyons in forme followinge. That is to saye; before the xx,h daye of Januarye which shalbe in the yere of o’ Lorde God M1 v C Lj. and the payment therof to be had made and payed at the Receypt of the Kynges Exchequer betwene the first daye and the XXth daye of Aprill which shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God M1 v C. Lij. and the somes abovesaide of and for the saide Reliefs shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathared levied and payed unto the use of o' saide Sov'aigne Lorde his heires and succeso's in so'me abovesaide, aswell w'in lifeties fraunchesies sanctuaries auncient demeasne and other whatsoever place exempt or not exempt as without; Excepte suche Shires placf and psons as shall be forprised in and by this pnt Acte ; Any graunte chre pscripcon use or lifetie, by reason of any Ires pattentf or other privilege pscripcon allowance of the same, or whatsoever other matter of discharge, heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned notw'stondinge.

And yt ys further enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlament, that every suche pson, as well such as be borne under the Kings obeysaunce, as every other pson straunger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, inhiting w'in this Reallme or w'in Wales or other the Kings Dnions, whiche at the tyme of the saide assessinge or taxac&n to be had or made shalbe oute of this Realme and oute of Wales, and have gooddes or cattallf w’in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the certificat of thinhabitantf of the pties where suche gooddes cattallf or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche pson or his factor deputie or atto'ney shall have his moste resorte unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as yf the same pson were or had bene at the tyme of the same assessement w'in this Realme or Wales: And that every pson abidinge w'in this Reallme or w'oute this Readme, shalbe charged 6t chargeable to the same Reliefs gr’unted by this Acte, accordinge and after the rate of the value of his substance gooddes and cattallf and other pmisses, as suche pson so to be charged, shalbe sett at in the time of the saide assessinge or taxation uppon them to be made, and in none otherwise.

Provided alwaye and be it ferther enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that all and every taxac&n and assessement of the saide Reliefs for gooddes, or for any former Gr*unte or Subsidie heretofore hadde made gr*unted or taxed (forprised and excepted the saide severall Reliefff for Sheepe and Cloth and eyther of them) shalbe taken judged and deamed of good force strengeth and effect to all intentf construccons and p'poses, and shalbe levied and payed to your Highnes accordingelye.

And Be yt ferther enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide. That the Lorde Chancellor of England or the Lorde Keaper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, the ComissioSs in that behalff by the Kings Comyssion to be appointed and auctorised, the psento's the pson psented chargeable or taxed, collector petit collecto's Barons of the Kings Eschequer Audito's, and all and eQy other pson and psons mencioned in the saide foriS Acte of Reliefs, shall by auctoritie of this psent Acte make doo and execute all and every thinge and things concernynge the saide Reliefs gr’unted by this pnt Acte, as is conteyned lymited and apointed to them by the saide former Acte of Reliefs for gooddes, and upon like paynes fynes aiSciamentf and forfaitures, and in suche and the same maner forme estate and condicon to all intentf construccons and p'poses as they or any of them are appointed, mighte may sholde or oughte to doo and execute by auctoritie of the saide former Acte towchinge the reliefs for gooddes; and as thoughe evy clause article sentence and matter mencioned in the saide forni Acte cocernynge or towchinge the saide Reliefs for gooddes, were speciallye and pticulerlye recited and mencioned in this pnt Acte.

Provided allwayes that this gr*unte of Reliefs nor any other thinge therin conteyned, doo in any wise extend to charge the intlitantf or dwellers w'in Ireland Bullyn and the Countie of the same, Calleyce Hammes Guysnes and the marches of the same, Jemesey and Garneseye Allderney and Silleye, or any of them, of for or coPnynge any gooddes whiche the saide intlitantf or dwellers, or any other to their use, have within Ireland Bullen the Countie of the same, Calleice Hames Guysnes or other Marches of the same, Jernesey Gernesey Alderney and Sylley, or in any of them.

III.

Poll Tax of 8d. on other Alien*.

IV.

Rating, taxing, and assessing of the said Reliefs.

V.

Rating of Periom absent.

VI.

Rating of Relief on Goods under former Act, confirmed.

VII.

Commissioners, Stc. under former Act shall execute this Act.

VIII. Exception for Goods in Ireland,

See.

3° & 4° Edw. VI. c.23

A.D. 15 49-50.

m

the Cinque Ports. thinhitantf or resiantf at this pnt tyme w'in the Fyve Portes corporate, or to any of their membres incorporate or united to the same Fyve Portes, or to any of the same Five Portes, or to any of thinhitantf w'in the libties of Romeney Mershe, of or for any pte or pcell of the saide somes gr'unted in this pnt Parlyament of the saide intiitantf nowe resiantf or any of them to be taxed set asked levied or payed ; But that the saide intiitantf and nowe resiantf of the saide Portes and Romney Marshe and their membres, and of every of them, be and shalbe of and from the saide graunte and payment of the saide Relief, duringe their resiancye there and no longer, acquited and discharged; Any matter or whatsoever thinge in this fPsent Acte made or had to the contrarye notw'stondinge.

X.

Exception for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

Provided also that this p’sent Acte of Relief, ne any other thing therein conteyned, extend to any of the Englishe intiitantf or resiantf in any of the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland the towne of Berwicke the towne of Newe Castell upon Tyne and the Bisshopriche of Durh’m nor to any of them, of for and concernynge any gooddes or cattallf whiche the same inhabitantf or dwellers or any other to their use, have w'in the saide Counties of Northumberland Cumberland and Westniland or the Towne of Berwicke the Towne of Newe Castell

upon Tyne or the Bisshopricke of Durham or of any of them; But that they and everye of theym shalbe, of and from the saide Relief, of and for their goods lyinge and beinge in the same Counties townes and Bisshopprike, or of any of them, utterlye acquited and discharged ; Any thinge in this psent Acte before rehersed to the contrarye notw'stondinge.

XI. Exception for Colleges in the Universities, gcc.

Provided also that this Acte ne any thing therein conteyned, shall extend to the gooddes of any College Hall or Ostle w'in the Uni9sities of Oxford and Cambridge or any of them, or to the gooddes of the College of Wynton, founded by Bisshoppe Wykeh'm, or to the goodes of the Colledge of Eton next Wyndsore, or to the gooddes of any Reader or Scoler win the saide Univ'sities & Collegf, or any of them there remaynynge for studie, w'oute fraude or covyn; any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notw'stondinge.

Repayment of Relief levied on Cloth or Sheep to the Parties charged, by the Collectors.

XIII. And to the Collectors out of the Exchequer.

XIV. Exception for Spiritual Persons.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that all and everye Collecto' petye Collecto' and other pson and psons, that have levied gathared or receyved any some or somes of moneye of any pson or psons for the relief of Shepe and Cloth, or eyther of them, shalll before the last daye of [Januarye1 ] next comynge, repaye and redeliver to everye suche pson and psons, his or their Executo's or Admynystrato's, all and everye the same some and somes of moneye so by theym or any of them receyved, upon payne of forfeyture dooble the value of every such som or somes of moneye so by them or any of them receyved and not repayed before the said last day of [ February13 ; for the whiche forfeiture the ptie greyed shall and may have his remedye by accyon of Debt bill plainte or informacon in any of the Kings Co'tes of Recorde, where no wager of Law essoyii or pteccbn shalbe allowed.

Provided also and be it enacted by the saide auctoritie, that all and singuler somes of money as nowe be or hereafter shalbe payde by any Collecto' or petit Collecto' or other pson to the Kings use, in his Receipt or ells where, for the reliefff of Shepe and Cloth or either of them, shalbe redelyvyd and repayed to the saide Collecto' his executo's or admynystrato's, at and uppon his or their request in the saide Receipt to thuses and intentf abovesaide; and that this Acte shalbe a sufficient warrant to the officers of the Kings Receipt, to repaye and redeliver the same to the saide Collecto' his executo's or admynistrato's, w'oute any further or other warrant to be sued for to the Kings Highnes in that behalff.

Provided also and be it enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte of graunte of Reliefs shall not extend to any spuall pson or psons for any of his or their gooddes or cattallf.

XV.

Proviso for Inhabitants in Wales and Chester tubjeft to the Payment of Mises there.

And Forasmoche as divers and sundrye the Kings Ma"" ten‘ntf and other the thinifuntf and dwellers w*in the Counties of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknocke Radnor MountgoiSye Denbighe Flynt Merioneth Anglesey Camervon and of the Countye Palentyne of Chester, be at this fPsent tyme charged & chargeable w' the severall paymentf of divers greate somes of moneye (by the name of a Myse) due to his Ma1', accordinge to the severall customes of the said Counties ; For the payment whereof divers and sundrye the Gentilmen and other thinhitantf of the saide Counties be and stonde bounde to his Highnes: The Kinge o' Soveraign Lorde is therefore pleased and contented that it be pvided ordeyned & enacted by the auctoritie aforesaid, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extend to charge any of the Kings Ma"" ten*ntf, and other thinhitantf and dwellers w'in any of the sayde Counties of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknock Radnor Mountgomerye Denbyghe Flynt Merioneth Anglesey Carnarvon and the Countye Palentyne of Chester, beinge charged or chargeable w* the saide Mise, for or w' any of the paymentf of the said Reliefs gr*unted to the Kings Ma'" by this Acte or by the said former Acte, untill the severall dayes and tymes appointed and gr*unted for the paymentf of the saide Mises shalbe expired: And that the first payment of the saide Reliefs, gr*unted by this Acte and the said former Acte, shalbe made at the Receipte of the Kings Exchequier before the first daye of Maye then next followinge after the daye apointed for the later payment to be made of the said Mise, and so yerely before the first daye of Maye, at the Receipt of the saide Exchequer, untill the iiij severall paymentf of the said Reliefs be fullye made, in suche and like fourme and order as is ordeyned and appointed by this Acte and by the saide fonQ Acte for the Kings Subjects cocemynge the saide Reliefs to be made at the Receipt of the saide Exchequer, accordinge to the tenor of this fPsent Acte and of the saide forfi Acte; This Acte and the saide forni Acte, or any thinge in them or eyther of them conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw'stondinge.

1 February Printed Copies.

■ on an Erasure.

Gou

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 24.

125

CHAPTER XXIV. (')

An Act of the Kings Highnes most free and generall Pardon.

PIE KYNOf MOSTE Royall Majestie right well pceyvyng his lovyng Subjects by many & sundrye wayes and meanes, gryevouslye agaynste the bounden dutyes of their allegyauncf, to have nowe of late thys laste Somer tyme, offendyd hys Highnes & hys Lawes by inordynate dysobedience rebellyon & otherwise; And hys Majestye by Goddf pvydence, beyng replenyshed wyth $cye clemencye and pyttye, & much inclyned to allure pvoke and styrre hys sayd lovyng Subjects to love obedyence, (whyche to them of dutye appteynyth,) His Majestye havyng a specyall truste & confydence in hys sayd Subjects that they wyll hereafter applye & endevor themselfes to fve & please hym in all obedyence 8c obfvance of hys Lawes, whyche hys Hyghnes wylleth 8c chargeth them to do, leste upon suche lyke dysobedyence rebellyon 8c other offencf his Highnes shalbe enforced & constrayned to execute hys severe Justyce, whyche to hys Impyall and Kynglye estate 8c funcc&n dothe appertayne, and may nor wyll no longer beare 8c susteyne hereafter any suche rebellyon, beyng a great pyll to his Graces pson, Sc clere sub9c&n and a lykely dystruccon of hys sayd Realme 8c Subjects, & a greate comforte to all hys Gracf Enymyes; Ys fullye and resolutlye contentyd & pleased that yt be enacted by auctorytye of thys psent Plyament, in man! & forme folowyng, that ys to saye: That all & ev*y of hys sayd Subjects as well spyrytuall as tempall, of this his Realme of Englonde Wales the Isles of Jernesey & Gemesey Barwyke Calleys Guysnes Hammes Bulloigne & Bullonois & the Marches of ev*y of them, the heyres successo's executo's 8c admynystrato's of them & ev*y of them, & all & synguler Bodyes in any maS of wyse corporate, Cytyes boroughes shyres rydyngf hundreds lathes rapes wapentakf townes vyllages & tythyngf & ePy of them, 8c the successour & successours of them & ev*y of them, shalbe by thauctorytye of thys psent Plyament, acquyted pardoned releassed 8c dyscharged against the Kyngf Hyghnes hys heyres successours & executo's & ev'y of them, of all man! of Heresyes treasons rebellyons insurrections unlaufull assemblyes conventycles conspyracyes myspryc&ns of treason concealementf of treason murdo’s fellonyes robboryes offencf contemptf trespacf wronges deceyptf mysdemeano's forfeytures penaltyes sums of moneye paynes of deathe paynes corpall & pecunyarye, 8c all other thyngf causes quarrellf sewtf judgementf & execucons, whyche may be or can be by hys Hyghnes in any wyse or by any meanes pdoned releassed or dyscharged before & unto the two & twenty day of Januarye, in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundreth fourtye 8c nyne, Other then suche as hereafter in thys Act be excepted & forp'sed, in suche ma8 8c forme and unto suche tymes as the same be exceptyd or forprysed in thys Act, and other then suche as the clauses of pviso hereafter menc&nyd doo or dothe extende unto.

And Also the Kyngf Hyghnes ys further contentyd & pleased that yt be enacted by the auctoryte of this psent plyament, that thys hys sayd geSall & free pardon shalbe as good & effectuall in the Lawe, to e9y of hys sayd Subjects bodyes corporate & other before rehersed 8c to e$y of them, by the sayd genlall wordes before rehersed, in all thyngf whyche be not hereafter in thys psent Acte excepted or forp'sed, nor conteyned in any clause of pviso hereafter menc&ned, as the same pardon shoulde be, yf all Offences contemptf forfeytures causes matters suytes quarrellf judgementf execuc&ns penaltyes & all other thyngf (not hereafter exceptyd nor conteyned in any clause of pviso hereafter menc&nyd) had byn ptyculerly syngulerly specyally 8c playnly named rehersed & specyfyed in this psent Acte, & also pdoned by pper & expose wordes & names in theyr kyndes natures 8c qualytyes, by wordes & termes therunto requysyt to have be put in Sc expssed in thys Acte of free pdon: And that hys sayd Subjects nor any of them, nor the heyres executo's or admynystrato's of any of them, nor any of the sayd bodyes corpate nor any other psons bodyes polytyque or corporate before named, or any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquyted in theyr bodyes goods lands or cattellf for any man! matter cause contempte misdemeano' forfeyture trespase offence or any other thyng suffred done or comytted against hys Hyghnes or hys Crowne dygnytye progatyve lawes or statutf; butt only for or concemyng suche matters causes & offencys as be rehersed or mentioned in the excepcons or clauses of pviso in thys psente Acte hereafter menc&nyd, in suche ma8 8c forme as in the same excepc&ns Sc clauses of pviso be menc&nyd, & for none other; Any Estatute or Statutf lawes customes uses or psydentf heretofore had made or used to the contrarye in any wyse notwythstondyng : And that all & ev'y the Kyngf sayde Subjects, & all & syngler bodies corporat & other before rehersed, may by hym or themselfes, or by his or their deputye or deputyes, or by hys or theyr Attorney or Attorneys accordynge to the Lawes of thys Realme plead & mynyster thys psent Acte of free pardon for hys or theyr dyscharge, of & for ev'ythyng that ys by vertue of thys psent Acte pardoned dyschargyd gyvyn or gr*unted, wythout any fee or other thyng in any wyse paying to any pson or psons for wryghtyng or entrye of the judgement or other cause concemyng suche plee wryghtyng or entrye, but onely xij d. to be payde to the Offycer or Clarke that shall enter the Plee matter or judgement for the dyscharge of any partye so pleading the same: Any Statute law or use to the contrarye in any wyse notwythstondyng.

And Furthermore the Kyngf Hyghnes ys pleased & contentyd that it be enactyd by thauctoryte of thys psent plyament, that hys sayd free pardone, by the geriall wordes before rehersyd, shalbe reputyd demyd & judged allowyd & taken in all ma8 of Courts or ellfwhere, aswell in the wordes Sc clauses of excepc&ns 8c forpryses specyfyed in thys psent Acte, as in all & syngler other clauses wordes & sentencf menc&nyd Sc rehersyd in thys hys sayd free pardon, most benefycyally Sc avaylably to all & syngler hys sayd Subjects bodyes corporate Sc other before rehersyd 8c to ev*y of them, in all thyngf ambyguous and doughtfull, 8c most strongly in barr 8c dyscharge against hys Hyghnes hys

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

K k

General Pardon of all Offence* committed previous to to January 1549.

II.

Thi* Pardon shall be as valid by general Word* a* if all Offences were specified

Act may be pleaded without Fee, &c.

III.

Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

126

3° & 4° Edw. VI. c. 24.

A.D. 1549-50.

IV.

Penalty on Clerk* issuing Process for Offences pardoned, Treble Damages, &c.

V.

Exceptions ; Murder, Robbery, Burglary, Arson, Piracy j

Subsidies, &c.;

Wastes in the King’s Woods, &c.;

Concealment of Customs; Accounts;

Quare Impedits;

Homages, See.;

Forfeitures seized, prosecuted, or

f anted by the ing, or adjudged, &c.J

Debts to the King

Fines and Amerciaments.

heyres successo's k executo's in every thyng, wythout obstacle chalenge or other delaye whatsoev1 yt shall be, to be made pleadyd obiectyd or alledgyd by the Kynge our Sov*aygne Lorde hys heyres successo's or executo's, or by hys or any of theyr getvall Attorney or Attorneys, or by any pson or psons for hys Hyghnes or any of hys heyres successo's or executo's.

And Furthermore ytt ys enactyd by the Kyng our Sopaigne Lorde by the auctoryte of thys plsent Parlament, that yf any Officer or Clarke of any of hys Hyghnes Courts, comonly callyd the Kynges Benche, the Chauncery, the Comen Place, or Exchequer, or any other Offycer or Clarke of any other Court wythin thys Realme or in Wales, or other hys Hyghnes Domynyons above menconyd, att any tyme after the laste day of January in the yere of our Lorde God a tliousande fyve hundreth fourtye & nyne, make owt or wryte owt any inaS of wryttf or other pees, or any extractf somons or other p>ceptf, wherby any of the sayd Subjects or any of the sayd bodyes corporate or other before rehersyd or any of them shalbe in any wyse arrestyd attachyd distraynyd somonyd or otherwyse vexyd inquyetyd or grevyd in hys or theyr bodyes londf tefitf goods or cattellf or in any of them, for or bycause of any man! of thyng pdonyd or dyschargyd by vertue of thys Act of free pdon, he so offendyng 8c therof lawfully condemnyd, shall yelde 8c paye for the recompence therof, to the partye so grevyd or offendyd, treble damagez, the costes of hys suyte to be accompted as pcell of the damagez : And nevthelesse all Sc syngler suche Wryttf pcesse extractf 8c pceptf so to be made for or uppon any mail! thyng pdonyd or dyschargyd by thys Acte of free pardon, shalbe utterly voyde 8c of none effect.

Except alwayes & forprysed out of thys geSall & free pardon, all 8c all maS ppensyd & wylfull murder, & all & every robbery cdmyttyd or done in or neere the Hyghe waye, and all 8c ev*y wylfull burnyng of any House or barne withe Come, and all and ev’y offence of Burgulary, robbyng of Churches or Chapellf done or ppetrated sethyns the feast of Seynct Mychaell tharch'dngell laste past; And also except 8c forprysed owt of this free pardon, all Sc all roarJ of Pyracyes had done comytted or ppetrate apon or in the Sees; And also exceptyd & forp'sed out of thys free pardon, all 8c all maS of punyshementf impetycons forfaytures paynes of deathe judgementf 8c execucbns for the pmissez before exceptyd or for any of them; And exceptyd and forprysed owt of this free pdon all 8c syngler some Sc somes of money graunted to the Kyngf Hyghnes or hys moste dearest father Kyng Henry the Eyght by way 8c meane of Subsydye Fyftene benyvolence loan-? contrybucon releve or otherwyse, or by any of the same wayes or meanes, and all detayners wytholdyngf Sc none paymentf towchyng or concemyng the same or any part therof; and that the same Sc evy part therof may & shall by the auctoryte abovesayd be levyed taken 8c receyvyd to the Kyngf use, Any thyng in thys free pdon to the contrarye notwythstondyng; And also except Sc forprysed all Wastes of the Kyngf Woodes in any of his Forestf Parkes Chases 8c ellfwher ; And also except Sc forprysed all 8c all man! of wastf comytted or done in any of the Kyngf wardes lands or in the Wards londf of any Comytte of the Kyngf Majestye or of any of hys most noble pgenito's Comyttyes; And also except 8c forprysed owt of thys free pdon all Sc eQy concealementf of any Custome or Subsydye, and all 8c all man! of Accomptf 8c accompt, and all Actions suytes impetycons Sc demands touchyng or concemyng any accomptf or accompte, and all arreragf of accompte, and all debtes impetycons suytes demaundf 8c execucbns by occasyon or meanes of any accompte whyche ought to be made to hys Hyghnes or to any of hys most noble pgenyto's ; And also except 8c forprysed all tytles of acc&ns of Quare impedit, all ravyshementf Sc wytholdyng of anye of the Kynges wardes or wytholdyng of any wardes lands or tents Sc the pffyttf of the same londf Sc tents and all 8c every fyne or fynes for the syngle or double value of the maryage or maryages of any of the Kyngf Wardes, at any time growen to the Kyng our So^aygne Lorde or to any of his most noble pgenyto's ; And also except 8c forprysed all 8c syngler homagf fealtyes 8c other fvyces relyeffes rents fvycf rents chargf rents seeke 8c tenthes, and the arreragf of ev’y of them due to hys Hyghnes or to any of hys most noble pgenito's; And also except and forprysed out of this free pdon all Sc syngler forfaytures Sc all man! of penaltyes somes of monye Sc pffyttf whatsoev* growen or due by reason of any offence or act comytted or done contrarye to any Statute or Statutf or contrarye to the comen lawes of thys Realme, wherof any seasure was made or any informacbn gyven in any of the Kyngf Courts of Recorde, or any sute comensyd or dependyng before the twentye- day of January in the thyrde yere of the Kyngf Majestyes reygne, or wherof the Kyngf Majestie or Kyng Henry the eyght by byll sealyd wyth the seale of any of them, before the sayd twenty day of January in the sayd yere of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourty Sc nyne have hathe or shall make any gyfte or assygnement to any serv'ntf or serv*nt of our Sov’aygne Lorde the Kyng, or of the sayd Kyng Henry theyght or to any other pson or psons ; And except 8c forprysed owt of this free pdon all 8c singler forfaytures forfayture 8c some 8c somes of monye being due to our Sovaigne Lorde the Kyng or to Kyng Henry the Seventh or to King Henry the Eyght, by any penall Statute or Statutf, whyche be converted into the nature of debte by judgement or by agreament of the offendor; And except 8c forprysed owt of this free pardon all Sc all man! of debtes due Sc to be due to our Sov*agne Lorde the Kyng or to any of his moste noble pgenyto's, other then suche as ar due to our Sov*agne Lorde the King apon any oblygac&n or recognisaunce forfavted for non apparaunce or for not keapyng of the peas, or for not beyng of good behavyor ; And except Sc forprysed owt of thys free pardon all 8c syngler fynes, aswell fynes p licencia concordandi as other fynes for contemptf or offencf sett or taxed, and also all yssues fynes 8c afScyamentf aswell reall as other under fyve pounds (other then fynes for any Alienation wythout the Kyngf lycence) sev’ally or pticulerly concemyng any one psone or moo psoncs joynctly, whether the same fynes or aiScyamentf before exceptyd be totted or not totted, taken to the charge of any Sheryffe or Sheryffes, or not taken to hys or theyr charge, extreated or not extreatyd, whether they be turned into debte or not turned into debte, or not beyng levied receyvyd or not receyvyd by any Sheryffe or Sheryffes Baylyffe Mynyster other Offycer.

A.D. 1549-50.

3° & 4° Edw.VI. c. 24.

127

Provydyd always and be yt enactyd by the auctoryte aforesayd, that thys psent Acte of free pardon, or any thyng therm conteyned, shall not in any wyse extend to dyscharge or pardon any offence payne or penaltye done comyttyd or forfaytyd, by force of any Estatute heretofore made against the dekaying of any house or houses of husbondre or convertyng of any londe from tyllage into pasture, otherwyse or in any other mail! then to pardon 8c dyscharge all yssues forfettf paynes 8c penaltyes growen or due to the Kyngf Majestye or to hys late father of moste famouse memorye King Henry the eyght, before the fyrste day of June in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundreth 8c fyftye, by reason of any suche offence or offencf, whyche yssues forfettf paynes 8c penaltyes ar playnely 8c clerly before pardoned in & by thys psent Acte of free pardon ; nor shall extende to gyve or make any lycence or dyspensac&n to any peon or peons to holde or contynue the same so dekayed or conv^ted contrary to the forme of any Estatute or Statutf.

Pvydyd also and be ytt enactyd by the auctoryte of thys psent Plyament, that all 8c ev'y pson 8c peons whyche tendyd to sue lyv*ye owt of the Kyngf handes, or that ought to sue any liPey owt of the Kyngf handes, or that ought to sue any Ouster le mayne of any mano's londf tefitf or heredytamentf whatsoeP they be, shall sue & be bounden to sue his or their lyPey or lypyes 8c Ouster le mayne of hys or theyr mano's londf teStf 8c heredytamentf as they ought or shoulde have done yf thys Acte of free pdon had nep byn grauntyd; Any Artyde clause matter or sentence acte or actes thyng or thyngf in thys psent acte of free pdon comp'sed or specyfyed to the contrarye in any wyse notwythstondyng.

Ann Except & forprysed owt of this free pdon all & syngler psone 8c psones, beyng the six 8c twenty day of January in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fourtye & nyne p'soner or p'soners in the Tower of London in the Flete in the Mershalsey or in any other p'son, or in any wyse by the Kyngf cSmaundement or by the comaundement or order of the Lordes of his P*vey Counsell restrayned or stayed from lybertye (other then suche p'soner & p'soners as are in any p'sone only for felonyous stealyng of any goods or cattellf under the some 8c value of twenty shyllyngf,) so that the same felonyous takyng of any such goods or cattellf be not felonyously taken in or nere any hyghe waye nor in the dwellyng house of any pson in the nyght tyme nor in any Churche or Chapell; And also except owt of thys free pardon all & syngler pson 8c psons whyche at any tyme before the sayd six 8c twenty day of January in the sayd yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fourtye 8c nyne ys or ought or shall be put to deathe or in execuc&n by vertue of any man! of judgement against him or them gyven; And except 8c forp'sed owt of thys free pdon all 8c all mar3 of Treasons done comytted or ppet rated by any psone or psons in any of the ptyes beyonde the Sea or in Scotlonde, or by any psone or psones nowe beyng beyonde the Sea or in Scottlonde, other then suche Treasons or petyt Treasons as have byn comytted ppetrated or done by any p6one beyng beyonde the Sea or in Scotlande that before the feast of Thascenctin of our Lorde God that shalbe 111 the yere of our Lord God a thowsande fyve hundreth & fyftye, shall come 8c make theyr retorne 8c repayre into thys Realme of Englonde; And except 8c forp'sed all impetyc&ns punyshementf forfaytures paynes of dethe executions 8c judgementf for the same Treasons.

And Furthermore the Kyngf Majesty of hys specyall grace and clemencye ys pleasyd 8c contentyd that ytt be enacted & establysshyd by thauctorytye aforesayd, that all 8c syngler psone 8c psones beyng borne wythin thys Realme of Englonde or in any of the Kyngf domynyons, 8c nowe beyng beyond the Sea or in Scotlonde, whyche before the firste day of November in the yere of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye 8c nyne dyd flee owt of this Realme of Englonde or any of the Kyngf domynyons, for any hyghe Treason petyt Treason mysprysyon of Treason or for any Felonye Murder or other cryme or offence by hym or them in any wyse comytted done or ppetrated, shall by vertue of thys free pdone be dearlely dyschargyd acquyted 8c pdoned of all 8c all mare of Treasons petyt Treasons mysp'sion of Treason or other offences 8c crymes whatsoev, done comytted or ppetrated before the sayd fyrste day of November in the sayd yere of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth fourtye 8c nyne, 8c of all mare of impetic&ns suytes penaltyes forfeytures 8c execucbns for the same, so that he or they do come 8c make theyr retome 8c repayre into thys Realme of Englonde on thyssyde the sayd feast of the Ascenc&n of our Lorde God in the sayd yere of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth 8c fyftye: And also our sayd SoPaigne Lorde the Kyng by vertue of thys Acte and by the auctorytye abovesayd, doeth give auctorytye 8c lycence to all 8c ePy of the sayd psone 8c psones beyng beyonde the Sea or in Scottlonde, to retume 8c repayre into thys Realme of Englonde 8c other hys Domynyons before the same feaste of the Ascen£&n of our Lorde God a thowsande fyve hundreth Sc fyftye.

Pvydyd always and be ytt enacted by the auctoryte aforesayd, that ytt shalbe leffull to all 8c ev*y Clerke 8c other offycer of any of the Kyngf Courts to whom ytt appteynythe wythout any forfayture losse or punyshement for the same, to awarde 8e make wryttf of Capias utlagatum, at the sute of the partye playntyffe against any psone or psones. beyng owtlawed in any accbn or sute, to thentent to compell the psone or psones so owtlawed to make answer to the playntyffe or playntyffes at whose sute he or they were or was owtlawed. And also that ev*y psone 8c psones nowe beyng owtlawed shalbe bounden to sue a Scire facias against the ptye or ptyes at whose suyte he or they were or was owtlawed or their executo's or admynystrato's, before suche tyme as the p6one or psones so owtlawed shall take any advauntage of this free pdon concernyng hys or theyr outlarye.

And the Kyng our SoPaigne Lord ys contented 8c pleasyd to gr*nt by auctorytye aforesayd, that it shalbe lauffull to all and singler Archebysshops 8c Bysshops of thys hys Realme of Englonde 8c Wales, to delyv* owt of prysone 8c sett at lyfetye all 8c singler those psons being in p'sone in theyr custodye or in the custodye of any of them, as Clerkes convicte or convicted, whyche be pdoned by thys Acte of free pdone, wythout any further Acte or suyte to be made for allowance of this pdone or otherwyse ; Any Acte of Plyament lawe usage custome or other thyng to the contrarye in any wyse notwythstondyng.

VI.

Proviso for Penalties for Decay of Houses of Husbandry, 6cc.

VII. Proviso for suing Liveries of Lands, he.

VIII. Exception of Offenders imprisoned, and Foreign Traitors not surrendering.

IX.

Proviso for Fugitives for Treason, Felony, See. surrendering.

X.

Proviso for Persons outlawed in Civil Suits.

XI. Clerks conviA may be released from Prison.

128

3°& 4° Edw.VI. c. 24.

A.D. 1549-50.

XII. Exception of John With.

JPvydyd always that thys Act of geftall & free pdone or any thyng therin contayned extende not to John Wythe of Eylesh*m in the Countye of Norff; Any thyng in thys Acte to the contrarye in any wyse notwythstondyng.

Xiii. Pvydyd also and be yt enactyd by thauctoryte-aforesayd, that thys Act of free pdone shall not extende to any

cm^Hereiiei P30"6 or psones whyche att any tyme heretofore have offendyd in theys heresyes & erronyous opynyons hereafter ensuyng, that ys to say ; that Infantes ought not to be baptysed, and yf they be baptysed they ought to be rebaptyzed when they come to lauffull age: That yt ys not lawfull for a Chrystyan man to beare offyce or rule in the Comenwelthe: That no mans lawes ought to be obeyed : That yt ys not leffull for a Chrystyan man to take an Othe before any Judge: That Chryste toke no bodily subst*nce of our blessyd Ladye: That Synners after Baptyme cannot be restored by repent*unce: That all thyngf be or ought to be comon & nothyng sePall.

Xiv. Provyded allwayes and it is enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that this Acte of free pdon or any thyng therin

contcyned shall not in any wise extende or be in any wise beneficyall or take effecte to anny such parson or parsons, that at anny tyme sythe the feast of Easter last past hath or have made anny rebellyon or unlawfull comotyon in anny part of this Realme or in Wales, which at anny tyme sythe the xij* daye of June last past hath or have comenced or sewed, and after the laste daye of Februarye next coming will followe or continewe, or that at anny tyme hereafter shall comence or sue in propre pson, or by his or their Atto'ney auctorised, avowe sue and followe anny maner of appeale touching the death of anny such rebellyous psone or psons, or the mayminge or beating of any of the saide rebellyous parsone or parsons, or anny byll or bills actyon or actyons of trespasse or detynewe or actyon apon the cace, against anny parsone or parsons that did serve the Kings Ma" in or for the subdewing of the saide rebellyous parsons, of for or concerning the taking awaye or witholding of the goods or catallf of anny of the saide rebellyous persons, or of for concerninge any other Acte or Acts parsonall, doon or executed in the comotyon tyme to anny of the said rebellyous psons, by anny parsone or psons that s'ved the King in the comocbn tyme in the subdewing of the same rebellyous parsons bitwen the said xi)*1 daye of June and the firste daye of Novembre last past.

( 129 )

Anno 5" & 6° EDWARDI, VI. A.D. 1551-2.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Holden by Prorogation at Westminster, on The [Thirtieth '] Day of January, In the FIFTH and SIXTH Years of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

ex flotulo parliament! De 2nno regnt iaegt0 6DttwrDi fcejrtf, €lulnto et &ej:to.

In PARLIAMENTO p progacftem tento apud Westni tricesimo die Januarij anno regni Regis Edwardi Sexd Dei gra Anglie Francie & Hifcnie Regis fidei Defensoris &c. Quinto et Sexto, Coi oim Dnop tam Spualiu q*m Temporaliu ac Coitatis consensu & Regie Majestatis assensu Inactitata & stabilita ftienint hec sequentia Statuta, vidett.

Actes Publicke.

• I. — i. An Acte for the Unyformyde of Comon Prayer and admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf.

IV. — 2. An Acte agaynste fightinge and quarelinge in Churches and Churchyardf.

VI. — 3. An Acte for the makinge of Wollen Clothe.

VII. — 4. An Acte lymittinge the tymes of buyinge and sellinge of Woolles.

VIII. — 5. An Acte lymittinge what psons shall weave or make brode Wollen Clothe.

IX. — 6. An Acte that noe man robbinge any House Boothe or Tent shall not be admytted to the Benefytt of his Clergie.

X. — 7. An Acte to take away the bencfyte of Clergye from suche as robbe in one Shire and flee into an other.

XI. — 8. An Acte for the punyshment of div*se Treasons.

XII. — 9. An Acte for the declarac&n of a Statute made for the Marriage of Priests, and for the legittimac&n

of their Children.

Xm.—10. An Acte for the Declaracon of a Statute made in the one and thirtieth yere of Kinge Henrye the Eighte towchinge Religious psons.

XIV.—11. An Acte againste Regratours Forestallers and Engrossers.

XV. —1*. An Acte againste Regratours of tanned Leather.

XVI. —13. An Acte againste buyinge and sellinge of Offices.

XVII. —14. An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutf.

XVIII. —15. An Acte repealinge a Statute made in the fourthe yere of Kinge Henrie the Seaventh againste the bringinge in of Wyne and Woade in strange Bottoms.

XIX.—16. An Acte towchinge the exchaunge of Golde and Sylver.

XXI. —17. An Acte for Tynckers and Pedlers.

XXII. —18. An Acte for the puttinge downe of Gygg Milles.

XXIII. —19. An Acte for the true stuffynge of Featherbeddf Mattresses and Quyssheons.

XXIV. —ao. An Acte for makinge of Hattf Domyckf and Coverlettf at Norwiche, and in the County of Norff.

XXV. —21. An Acte for Kepers of Alehouses to be bounde by Recognizauncf.

XXVI.—22. An Acte for Writtes upon Pclamac&ns and Exigentf to be currant within the Countye Palantyne of Lancaster.

1 'Twenty-third* Old Printed Copies} which accounts for this Session being cited as of the jth and 6th Years of the King’s Reign, the latter beginning on the Twenty-eighth Day of January. See also Stat. 13 Eliz. c. 25. in which Cap. 14. of the Statute of this Year is recited.

• The Roman Numerals are not on the Inrollment in Chancery, but are added to distinguish the Chapters in the Printed Collections, all of which contain Twenty-six Chapters. Those Acts which are not entered on the Inrollment are now printed from the Originals in the Parliament Office. These are Chapters II. III. V. and XX. The Titles at the Commencement of the Roll are not repeated to the Inrollment of the several Acts 1 but it has been thought convenient to re print them at the Head of each Chapter. The Titles of the Acts printed from the Originals are from the Indorsement on each Act.

Voi., IV.

130

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1551-2.

CHAPTER L

An Acte for the Unyformytie of Comon Prayer and admynistracbn of the Sacramentf.

Form of Common prayer, he. established j

Negligence in Attendance at Church;

All Persons shall attend Public Worship on Sundays and Holidays, on Pain of Spiritual Censurea.

WHEARE there hathe bene a verie godlye ordre setforthe by auctoritie of Parliament for C5mon Prayer and Admynistracbn of the Sacramentf, to be used in the Mother tongue within the Churche of Englande, agreable to the worde of God and the Primatyve Churche, verie comfortable to all good people desyringe to lyve in Christian conv’sac&n, and moste pfytable to the Estate of this Realme, the whiche the mercie favor and blessinge of

Almyghtie God ys in noe wise so redylye and plenteouslye powred as by comon Prayers due usinge of the Sacramentf and often preachinge of Gospel 1, withe the devoc&n of the hearers; And yet thys notwithstandinge, a greate nombre of People in div’se parts of this Realme followinge their owne sensualitye and lyvinge, either without knowledge or due feare of God, doe wilfullye and dampnablye before Almyghtie God abstayne and refuse to come to their Parishe Churches and other places where comon Prayer Admynistrafbn of the Sacramentf & preachinge of the worde of God ys used, upon the Sondayes and other dayes ordeyned to be holye dayes: For Reformac&n hereof be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe the assent of the Lordes and Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, that from and after the Feaste of All Sainctf next cSmynge, all and everie pson and psons inhabitinge within this Realme or anye other the Kinges Majesties Dnyons, shall diligentlye and faithfullie, havinge noe laufull or reasonable excuse to be absent, endevor them selfes to resorte to their Parishe Churche or Chappell accustomed, or upon reasonable lett thereof to some usuall place where comon Prayer and suche service of God shalbe used in suche tyme of lett upon everie Sondaye and other dayes ordeyned and used to be kepte as holydayes, and then and there to abyde orderlye and soberlye duringe the tyme of the comon Prayer preachingf or other §vice of God there to be used and mynistred ; upon payne of punyshement bye the Censures of the Churche.

The Clergy And for the due execution hereof the Kings moste excellent Majestic the Lordes temporall and all the C5mons in

theTxecuuonm0te ^ P50111 assembled, doeth in Gods Name [eameslye* ] requyre and chardge all the Archebisshoppes Bisshoppes and of this Law. other Ordynaries, that they shall endevor them selfes to the uttermoste of their knowledge that the due and true

execution hereof maye be had thoroughout their Dioces and chardgf, as they will answere before God for suche Evillf and Plagues wherewithe Almyghtie God maye justlye punyshe his People for neglectinge this good and holesome Lawe.

And for their auctoritye in this behalfe, be it further likewise enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that all and singuler the same Archebyshoppes Bisshoppes and all other their Officers excisinge Ecciiasticall Jurisdic&n, aswell in place exempte as not exempte within their Diocesse, shall have full power and auctoritie by this Acte to refourme correcte and punyshe by Censures of the Churche, all and singuler psons whiche shall offende within anye their Jurisdketms or Dioceses after the saide Feaste of All Sainctf next comynge againste this Acte and Statute; any other Lawe Statute Privilege Libertye or Pvysion heretofore made had or suffred to the cont'rye notwithstandinge.

And because their hathe arrisen in the use and excise of the foresaide comon ’Svice in the Churche heretofore setforthe, div’se doubts for the fasshion and manner of the mynistrac&n of the same, rather by the curiositie of the Mynistre and mystakers, then of anye other worthie cause; therefore aswell for the more playne and manyfeste explanation ^ ^ ^ ^ heros as for the more pfecc&n of the saide ordre of comon svice, in some places where it is necessarie to make the same

St!a,1j<E?VI.°c. i. Prayers and fasshion of Svice more earnest and fytte to stirre Christian people to the true honoringe of Almightie God;

The Kings moste excellent Majestie, withe the assent of the Lordes and Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, hath caused the foresaide ordre of edmon ’svice, entytuled The Booke of Comon Prayer, to be faithfullye and godlye pused explaned and made fullye pfecte, and by the foresaide auctoritie hathe annexed and joyned it so explaned and pfected to this p'sent Estatute (’), addinge also a fourme and manner of makinge and consecratinge Archebisshoppes Bisshoppes Priests and Dccons, to be of lyke force auctoritie and value as the same lyke foresaide Booke, entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer was before, and to be accepted receyved used and estemed in lyke sorte and manner, and withe the same clauses of pvysions and excepfbns to all intentf construcc&ns and purposes, as by the Acte of Parliament made in the seconde yere of the Kings Majesties Raigne, was ordeyned and lymitted expressed and appoynted for the Unyformytie of svice and Admynistrachn of the Sacramentf thoroughe out the Realme, upon suche sev^ll paynes as in the saide Acte of Parliament ys expressed: And the saide former Acte to stande in full force and strengthe to all intentf and constructions, and to be applyed practysed and put in ure to and for thestablishinge of the Booke of Comon Prayer nowe explaned and hereunto annexed, and also the saide fourme of makinge of Archebisshoppes Bisshoppes Priests and Deacons hereunto annexed, as yt was for the former Booke.

HI.

Archbishop*, Ac. authorized to punish Offenders by Censures of the Church.

IV.

The Book of Common Prayer, Ac. perused and perfefled, established under

V.

Penalty on Persons being present at any other Form of Common Prayer, Ac. Imprisonment; for i st Offence Six Months, ad.Twelve Months, 3d. for Life.

And By thauctoritye aforesaide it is nowe further enacted, that yf any manner of pson or psons inhabytinge St beinge within this Realme, or any other the Kings Majesties Unions, shall after the saide Feaste of All Sainctf, willinglye and wittinglie heare and be p'sent at any other manner or fourme of Comon Prayer, of Admynistracbn of the Sacramentf, of makinge of Mynisters in the Churches, or of anye other Rites conteyned in the Booke annexed to this Acte (J) then is menconed and setforthe in the saide Booke, or that ys cont’rye to the fourme of sondrie pvisions and excepc&ns conteyned in the foresaide former Estatute, and shalbe thereof convicted accordinge to the Lawes of this Reaime before

1 upon O.

* earncstlie 0.

5 The Book does not appear on the Roll, or in the Parliament Office.

A.D. 1551-2

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 1, 2.

131

the Justicf of Assiae Justicf of Oyer and Determyner Justicf of Peace in their Sessions or any of them, by the verdicte of twelve men, or by his or their owne confession or otherwise, shall for the firste offence suffer emprysonment for size monethes without bayle or maynprise, and for the seconde offence beinge likewise convicted as ys abovesaide, emprisonment for one hole yere, and for the thirde offence in lyke manner emprisonment duringe his or their lyeff.

And for the more knowledge to be given hereof and better observation of this Lawe, be it enacted by the auctoritye n,;, be

aforesaide, that all and singuler Curates shall uppon one Sondaye everie quarter of the yere, duringe one hole yere next r'*d in allChurcbe*, followinge the foresaide Feast of All Sainctf next comynge, reade this psent Acte in the Churche at the tyme of the 1"nalllT' most Assemblie, and likewise once in everie yere following; At the same tyme declaringe unto the people by thauctoritie of the Scripture, howe the marcie & goodnes of God hathe in all ages bene shewed to his People in their necessities and extremyties by meanes of hartie and faithfull prayers made to Almightie God; especiallie where people be gathered togither withe one faithe and mynde to offer upp their harts by prayer, as the best sacrificf that Christian men can yelde.

CHAPTER II. (')

For the Provisyon and Relief of the Poore.

rr^O thintent that valyaunt Beggers ydle and loytering parsones maye be avoyded, and the impotent feble and lame The Statute*

J. provyded for, which ar poore in verie dede, Be it Enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lorde with thassent of the * vi c" 'V Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlament assembled and by aucroritie of the same, ■* to Vagabond*, That as well the Statute made in the xxij* yere of the late Kinge of famouse memorie King Henry theight, as allso the con rroed'

Statute made in the thirde and fourth yere of the reigne of the Kings Ma‘* that now is, concerning beggers vagabondf and ydell parsones, and everie Artycle clawse br'unche sentence and other things conteyned in them and in everie of them, (other then such things as shalbe by this present Acte ordeyned and provided for,) shall stande remayne and be in their full force and effecte, and shalbe from hensforthe justlie and trulie putt in execution, according to the trewe meaninge of the saide severall Statutf and everie of them.

And Further Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that yerelic one holidayc in Whitson weke, in everie Citie Boroughe and Towne corporat, the Mayo' Bailieff or other hedd Officers for the tyme being, and in everie other Paryshe of the Countrey, the Parsone Vicar or Curate and the Churchewardens, having in a Registre or Booke as well all the names of the Inhabit‘untf and Housholders, as allso the names of all such impotent aged and neadie parsones as being within their Citie Boroughe Towne corporate or Paryshe, ar not liable to lyve of themselff nor w* their owne Ubo', shall openlie in die Churche and quietlye after Devync Service, call the saide Housholders and Inhabit'untf togither, amonge whom the Mayo' and twoo of his brethern in everie Citie, the Balieff or other hedd Officers in Boroughes and Townes corporate, the Parson Vicar or Curate and Churchewardens in everie other Pishe, shall electe nominate and appointe yerelie twoo liable parsons or moo to be Gatherers and Collecto" of the charitable Aimes of all the residewe of the people for the relief of the poore. Which Collecto* the Sondaye next after theyr electyon, (or the Sondaye following yf nede require,) when the people is at the Churche and hath harddc Goddf hollie worde, shall gentellie aske and demaunde of everie man and woman what they of their charide wilbe contented to give wekelie towardes the relief of the Poore ; And the same to be written in the saide Register or Booke ; And the saide gatherers so being elected and chosen, shall justlie gather and trewlie distribute the same charitable Allmes wekelie (by themselff or their assignes) to the saide poore and impotent parsons of the saide Cities Boroughes Townes corporate or Paryshes wythowt fraude or covine favor or affectyon, and after such sorte that the more impotent may have the more hellpp and such as can gett parte of their livinge to have the lesse. And by the discretyon of the Collecto" to be putt in such labo' as they be fitt and liable to doo, but none to goo or sitt openlie a begging, upon payne limited in the aforesaide Statutf.

II.

Collectort of Aim* shall be cho»ra in each City, Town, Parish, See. to be distributed weekly to the Poor, &c.

Be it allso enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, that no parsone or parsons so elected nominated and appointed to be gatherer or gatherers as is aforesaide, shall refuse the saide office, but shall justlie and trewlie execute the same, by the space of one hole yere next ensuing, uppon payne of forfaiting twentie shillingf to the Allmes boxe of the poore, to be levyed by the Churchewardens where they or he dwelleth, of the goods of the saide gatherer or gatherers so refusinge, by distresse.

III.

Peimltv on refining the Office of Collector so*.

And further Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the said Gatherers or Collecto'*, shall make their just accompte Colleflon »k*li quarterlie to the Maio' of the Citie Bailieff or hedd Officers of the Boroughe or Towne corporate, and in everie Parishe »ccount to the of the Countreye, to the Parsone Vicar or Curate and Churchewardens of the Paryshe, at which accompte such of the Parishe as will maye be present; And when they go owt of their office they shall delyver or cawse to be delyvered forthwith uppon thende of their accomptf, all such surplusage of moneye as then shall remaine of their collcctyon undistributed, to be putt in the comon Chest of the Churche or in some other safe place to the use of the poore at the oversight and discretyon of the saide Mayo' or other the Officers before mer.tyoned : And yf the saide Collecto" or anny of them doo refuse to make their said accompte within viij dayes, then the Byshopp of the Diocesse or Ordinarye shall have auctoritie by vertewe of this Acte, to compell the saide parsone or parsones by Censures of the Churche, to make their saide accomptf before such parsones as the saide Byshopp or Ordinary shall appointe.

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Tear.

A.D. 1551-2.

132

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 2, 3.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that if anny parsone or parsons being liable to further this Charitable worke, doe obstinatlie and frowardelie refuse to give towardes the hellpp of the poore, or doo wilfullie discourage other from so charitable a dede, the Parsone Vicar or Curate and Churchewardens of the pishe where he dwelleth, shall gentillie exhorte him or them towardes the relief of the Poore, And yf he or they will not so be psuaded, then uppon the Certificate of the Parsone Vicar or Curate of the pishe to the Busshop of the Diocesse, the same Bisshopp shall sende for him or them to induce and pswade him or them by charitable wayes and meanes, and so according to his discretyon to take order for the reformac&n therof.

And for the better maynten'nce of this Charitable worke, It is ordeyned and established by the aucthoritie aforesaide. That Whereas the late King of famous memorie King Henry Theight, by his several erectyons and foundaC&ns hath Money'to'tiieiw ordeyned and appoynted anny some or somes of moneye to the use of the Poore, (not being taken awaie otherwise by in Cathedrali, &c. Acte of Parlament,) whither the same be in anny Cathedrall Church Colledge or ellfwhere, the Bushopp of the Diocesse for the tyme being, shall from tyme to tyme examyn how and after what manner the saide moneye is bestowed, and call to accompte the pties which retayne the saide moneye, So that it may appere that the same is distributed to the poore according to the Kings M"’ foundac&n ; This Acte to endure to thende of the first Session of the next Parlyament.

VII. (’ ) Provided allwaies and be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this present Acte nor any thing

therin conteyned shall extende or be prejudicyall unto the Mayo' Shrieff and Citizens of the Citie of Chester, for or certain Annuities, conceminge any gyfte or gr'unte of anny Anuitie or yerelie rent heretofore made given or gr'unted by the Kings Ma" that now is, unto the saide Mayo' Shrieff and Citizens of the said Citie, going owt of anny Manno" landes tenementf and heredytamentf of the Cathedrall Churche of Christe and o' Ladie, within the Citie of Chester; But that the same Mayo' Shrieff and Citizens shall and maye from hensforthe receive use and employe the same [aucthorities,* ] yerelie rents or proffettf to such Uses and Intentf, and according to the saide gyfte of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the King ; Anny thing in this present Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

V.

People shell be exhorted by the Clergy to contribute.

VI. Bishops shall esquire into

A nnlirnMnn nf

CHAPTER III. (>)

As Acte for the keping of Hollie daies and Fastinge dayes.

Purpose of Holidays and Fasting Days:

Holidays to be

observed,

enumerated.

FORASMUCHE as at all tymes Men be not so myndefull to lawde and praysc God, so readie to resorte and heare Goddf hollie worde, and to come to the hollie Comunion and other lawdable Rites w* ar to be obs'ved in every Christen Congregation, as their bownden dewtie doth require; Therfore to call Men to remembr'unce of their dewtie and to helpp their infirmytie, it hath ben holsomelye provyded That there sholde be some certaine tymes and dayes appointed, wherin the Christians shoulde cease from all other kynde of labours, and shoulde applie themselff onelye and holie unto the aforesaid hollie workes proprely perteyning unto trewe Religion, that is to heare to leame and to remembre Almightie Goddf greate benefittf, his manifolde mercies, his inestimable gracious goodnes so plenteously poured uppon all his Creatures, and that of his infinite and unspeakeable goodnes withowt anny Mans desert; And in remembr'unce hereof to rendre unto him most highe and hartie thanks, w"1 Prayers and Supplicac&ns for the relief of all o' dailye Necessities; And becawse thes be the chief and principall wourkes wherin Man is cumaunded to wo'shipp God, and doo properlie partaine unto the first Table, Therefore as thes wourkes are bothe moste comonlie and allso maye well be called Goddf service, So the tymes appointed spiallie for the same ar called hollie dayes, not for the matter and nature either of the tyme or daye, nor for anny of the Sainctf sake whose memories ar had on those dayes, for so all dayes and tymes consydered arr Goddf creatures and all of lyke holiness, but for the nature and condition of those godlie and holie wourckes wherew"1 onelye Godde is to be honoured, and the Congregac&n to be edefyed, whereunto such tymes and daies arr sanctified and hallowed, that is to saye, Seperated from all prophane uses, and dedicated and appointed not unto anny Saincte or creature, but onely unto God and his trewe wourshippe; Neither it. is to be thought that there is anny certaine tyme or definite nombre of dayes prescribed in hollie Scripture, but that the appointment bothe of the tyme, and allso of the nombre of the daies, is left by thauctoritie of Goddf worde to the libertie of Christes Churche, to be determyned and assigned ordrelye in every Countree by the discretion of the rulers and ministers therof, as they shall judge moste expedyent, to the trewe setting forth of Goddf glorie and the edification of their People: Be it therefore Enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lorde w"1 the assent of the Lordes spuall and teinporall and the Comons in this psent Parlament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That all the daies hereafter mentyoned shalbe kepte and comaunded to be kepte hollie daies and none other, that is to saye; All Sondaies in the yere, The dayes of the Feastf of the Circumcisyon of our Lorde Jhesus Christe, Of Thepiphanie, Of the Purificac&n of the blessed Virgin, Of S' Mathie Thapostle, Of the Anucacbn of the blessed Virgyn, Of S' Marcke Thevangelist, Of S' Philipp and Jacobe Thapostles, Of thascentyon of our Lorde Jhesus Christe, Of the Nativitye of S' shon Baptist, Of S' Peter Thapostle, Of S' James Thapostle, Of S’ Barthilmewe Thapostle, Of S' MatheweThapostle, Of S' Michaell

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * Annuities Printed Copies.

5 From the Original AS. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1551 -St. 5° & 6" Edw.VI. c. 3, 4.

133

Tharch*ungell, Of S' Luke Thevangelist, Of S* Symon and Jude Thapostles, Of All Sainctes, Of S' Andrewe Thapostle,

Of S' Thomas Thapostle, Of the Nativide of o'Lorde, Of S'Stephen the Martyr, Of S' John Thevangelist, Of the hollie Innocentf, Moondaye and Tewisdaye in Easter weke, and Monday and Tewisdaye in Witteson weike; And that none other daie shalbe kept and c5maunded to be kept hollie daie, or to abstaine from lawfull bodilie labour.

And it is allso enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that every Even or daie next going before anny of the aforesaide Fracing D«y« daies of the Feastf of the Narivirie of our Lorde, Of Easter, Of thascentyon of our Lorde, Penthecoste, Of the Purificactin, enumerated, and thannundafbn of the aforesaide blessed Virgyn, Of All Sainctes, and of all of the saide Feastf of Thapostles, other then of S' John Thevangelist, and Phillipp and Jacob, shalbe fasted and comaunded so to be kepte and observed, and that none other Even or daye shalbe comaunded to be fasted.

And it is enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to all Archebusshoppf and Busshoppf in their offi-ndrn Diocesses, and to all other having Ecctiasticall or spuall jurisdictyon, to enquire of every parsone that shall offend in the premisses, and to punishe every such Offendor by the censures of the Churche, and to enjoyne him or them such the Church, penaunce as shalbe to the spuall Judge by his discretyon thought mete and convenyent.

Provided allwaies, that this Acte or anny thing therin conteyned, shall not extend to abrogate or take awaye the prorito for Lfnt abstinence from Fleshe in Lente, or on Fridaies and Saturdayes, or anny other daye w* is allredie appointed so to be &c as under Stat. kepte, by venue of an Acte made and provided in the thirde yere of the Reigne of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kings *’ 3 ' c‘ ‘9’

Ma" that now is: Saving onelie of those Evens or daies whereof the hollie daye next following is abrogated by this Statute; Anny thing above mentyoned to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and it is Enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that when and so often as it shall ch'unce anny of the saide Saturday to be Feastf, the Evens wherof be by this Statute comaunded to be observed and kepte fasting daye, doo fall uppon the Mondaye, that then as it hath allwaies byn heretofore accoustumablie used, so hereafter, the Satturdaie then next going before anny such feaste or hollie daye, and not the Sondaie, shalbe comaunded to be fasted for the Even of anny such feaste or hollie day j Anny thing in this Statute before mentyoned or declared to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies and it is Enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That it shall be lawfull to everie Husbondeman labourer fissherman and to all and everie other parsone and parsones, of what Estate degree or condic&n he or they be, uppon the hollie daies aforesaide, in harvest or at anny other tymes in the yere when necessitie shall require, to labour ryde fyshe or wourke anny kinde of wourke at their free wills and pleasure; anny thing in this Acte to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

VI.

Labourers, lie. mar work on Holidays in Harvest, tec.

Provided allwaies and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe lawfull to the Knightf of the right Knights of the honorable Order of the Garter, and to every of them, to kepe and to celebrate sollemplie, the Feast of their Ordre, Garter may comonlie called S' Georges Feast, yerelie from hensfoorth the xxij"* xxiij"1 and xxiiij11' daies of Aprill, and at such gt, George's Feast other tyme and tymes as yerely shalbe thought convenyent by the Kings Highnes his hey res and successo", and the saide °^pril 22> J3> Knightf of the said honorable Ordre, or anny of them now being or hereafter to be; Anny thing in this Acte heretofore *" *+' mentioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte agaynste fightinge and quarelinge in Churches and Churcheyardf.

FORASMUCHE as of late diPse and manye outragious and barbarous behavors and acts have bene used and comytted by div^se ungodlie and irreligious psones by quarrellinge brawlinge frayinge and fightinge openly in Churches and Churchyardes; Therefore It is enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Coinons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same, that yf anye pson whatsoever shall at any tyme after the firste daye of Maye next comynge by wordes onelye, quarrell chyde or brawle in any Churche or Churcheyarde, that then it shalbe laufull to the Ordynarie of the place where the same Offence shalbe done, and pved by two laufull witnesses, to suspende everie pson soe offendinge, that ys to saye, yf he be a laye man, Ab ingressu Ecdie, and yf he be a Clarke, from the mynistracon of his Office, for so longe tyme as the saide Ordinarie shall by his discrec&n thincke mete and convenient accordinge to the faulte.

Peraoni brawling, tec. in Church or Churchyard m*y he iuspended by the Ordinary t if Laymrn, ah iafrtisti Ecrhii«j it Clerks, from iniairation of then- Office.

And further it ys enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye pson or psons, after the saide firste day of person« amiting.tee. Maye, shall smyte or laye violent hands upon anye other, either in anye Churche or Churcheyarde, that then in * Church, tec. ijSo fco everie p6on soe offendinge shalbe demed excoicate and be excluded from the fellowshipp and companye c*

of Christes Congregacon.

And also it ys enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye pson after the saide firste daye of Maye, shall maliciouslye 11,1

stryke anye pson withe anye weapon in anye Churche or Churcheyarde, or after the same fyrste daye of Maye shall drawe anye weapon in anye Churche or Churche yarde, to thintent to strike an other withe the same weapon, that

134

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 4, 5

A.D. 1551-2,

Pertoni Uniting with a Weapon, or drawing a Weapon to itrike in a Church, &c. shall lose an Ear, or be branded in the Cheek, and excommunicated.

So much Land shall be tilled annually in e»ery Parish as at any Time since I Hen. VIII; Penalty, 5s. per Acre.

n.

Commissioners shall be appointed to ascertain by Inquests what Land was in Tillage.

1IL Commissioners shall be sworn.

IV.

Commissioners may issue Precepts to Sheriffs to summon Jurors, See.

then everie pson soe offendinge and thereof being convicted by verdicte of twelve men, or by his owne confession or by two laufull witnesses, before the Justicf of Assise Justices of Oyer and Determyner, or Justices of Peace in their Sessions by force of this Acte, shalbe adjudged by the same Justicf before whome suche pson shalbe soe convicted, to have one of his eares cutt of; and if the p6on or psons soe offendinge have none eares whereby they shoulde receyve suche punyshment as ys afore declared, that then he or they to be marked and burned in the Cheke withe an hott yron havinge the Ire F. therein, wherbye he or they maye be knowen and taken for Fraymakers and Fyghters, and besydes that, everie suche p6on to be and stande ipo facto excomunycated as ys aforesaide.

CHAPTER V. (')

An Acte for the maynten‘nce and encreace of Tyllage and Corne.

FOR the better mayntenaunce of Tyllage and encreace of Corne to be had wythin this Realme, and which of late tyme been much decayed by such as have converted landes usuallie put in Tyllage to Pasture: Be it enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lorde, with thassent of the Lordes and Comons in this pnt Parlament assembled, and by thauctority of the same, that there shalbe yerely after the feast of Thanuntyacbn of our Ladie, which shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fyftye and three, as much Lande or more put wholie in Tyllage, and used and sowne according to the custome of the Countrey and nature of the grownde, and so shalbe contynued and used for Tyllage and sowed for ever, by the Owners fermo's or occupyers therof, in everie Towne Paryshe Vyllage and Hamelet within the Realme of Englande and Wales, as was or hath byn putt in Tyllage in any one yere, and so kepte in Tyllage by the space of foure yeres, anny tyme syns the first yere of the reigne of King Henry theight, uppon payne to forfaite to the King and his heyres for everie Acre not putt in Tyllage used and occupyed according to the fourme and effecte of this pJsent Acte fyve shilling^ for everie yere so offendinge.

And for the better execucbn of this Acte, be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that our saide Soveraigne Lorde the King his heyrf and successo" at his and their will and pleasure from tyme to tyme maye directe his and their severall Comissyons and Comissyon under the Create Seale of Englande, to such parsons as it shall please them; And that the same Comissyoners or foure of them at the least shall have power and aucthoritie, by vertue of this Acte and of the saide Comissyon, to enquire searche and trye by the othes of xij lawfull and indifferent parsons or more in everie Hundred Rape or Wapentake, such as maye dispende yerelie fourtie shillingf of Freeholde, what landes and tenementf in every Towne Paryshe Village or Hamelett, within the lymittf of their charge, have against the fourme and effecte of this jPsent Acte and Estatute, at anny tyme or tymes syns the saide first yere of the reigne of King Henry theight, bene converted and turned from Tyllage to Pasture, and so lying converted and turned from Tyllage to Pasture, and is now or hereafter so shalbe contynued and occupyed in Pasture ; And that the said xij parsons or more uppon their othes shall make trewe and lawful presentment and certificate, aswell of all and singuler the premisses as of the names or surnames of the Owners Fermo" and Occupyers of the same in writing under their Seales to the saide Comissyoners, at suche daye tyme and place as shalbe lymited to them by the saide Comissyoners; And that the saide Comissyoners after such Presentmentf therof had and made, shall cawse the same Presentmentf to be ingrossed in pchement indented and sealed with their Seales, wherof the one parte therof shall be delivered to the forman of the June and thother pte therof shall be certefyed into the Kings Courte of Ch'uncerie within two monethes next after such Presentment so had and made j And that from thensforthe the said p'sentmentf w* convenyent spede shalbe certefyed and streted owt and from the saide Courte of Ch*uncerie into the Courte of the Exchequer, there to remayne of Recorde amongf the Kings Ma"* Recordes of the same Courte of Thexchequer, to thintent that this Estatute shall be the more diligenter and indifferentlie putt in thexecuc&n accordinge to the trew meaninge therof.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that such Comissyoners as shall hereafter be auctorized by vertewe of the Kings Comissyon to putt this Acte in execucbn, shall before such tyme as he or they shall sytt uppon the same Comyssyon, take a corporall Othe before the Lord Ch*uncelo’ of Englande or the Lorde Kepar of the great Seale for the tyme being, or before such other parson or parsons as shall have aucthoritie from the Lorde Ch*uncellor of Englande or the Kepar of the greate Seale for the tyme being, by Dedimus potestatem, to receive and take his or their Othes trulie faithfullie indifferentlie and justlie according to thuttermoste of his or their wittf leamingf and cunnyngf, to endever themselff for and to the trewe execucbn of this Estatute, and of all and everie thing conteyned in the same, for the better maynten*nce of Tyllage and encreace of Corne to be had according to the trewe meaninge of this Acte.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the saide Comissyoners or twoo of them at the least, shall have aucthoritie and power to directe their precepte to the Shrief of the Countie, being within the lymittf of their Comissyon, to warne such and as many honnest men of his Baylewyke as is aforesaide by whom the trewth maye best be knowen, to enquire and trewe presentment make of all and every the premisses, and to sett such reasonable fynes yssues and amercyamentf upon such parsons as shall make defaulte of their appar*uncf, or making their appar*uncf shall neglecte to doo their dewties in and about thexecuf&n of the premisses, as to the same Comissyoners or foure of them shalbe by their discretyons thought mete and convenyent, so that the same fyne or amercement for anny one

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Tear.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 5.

135

defaulte excede not the some of twentie shillingf, and that the same fynes issues or amercyamentf, so by them taxed and sett, shalbe yerely well and truelie streated into the saide Courte of Exchequer, and there to be levyed to the Kings use as other fynes and amercyamentf have byn there accustumed and used to be levyed.

Provtoed allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the putting of anny landes or tenementf

hereafter from Pasture to Tyllage, according to the fourme and effecte of this Acte, shall not in anny wise extende to be anny cawse of breache or forfaiture of anny bonde coven'nte payment or condicfin made or hereafter to be made bitwen anny parsone or parsons which in anny wise is or shalbe repugnant or contrariant to this Acte.

Provtoed Allwaies and it is enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte ne anny thing therin conteyned shall

not in anny wise extende to anny lande converted or to be converted into Pasture, that shalbe kepte withowt frawde or covyn onely for the maynteu'nce of the houses and hospitalide of anny parsone or parsons, nor to anny lande that cdmonlie or usuallie hath lyne to Pasture by the space of fourde yeres last past, nor to anny waste groundes or heithes, nor to anny comon Downes Fennes Moores or Maryshes, w4 have not byn comonly and usuallie for the moste pte sowen or putt in Tyllage within fourde yeres last past, Nor to anny lande now being lawfull Warren, or now used and kepte for Conyes, Nor to anny grownde stubbed or woonne from Wood Busshes Brome or Fyrres into the kynde of Pasture, nor to anny lande now enclosed in anny pke, comonlie used w" Deare, and that withowt frawde or covyn hath byn used for anny pke within foure yeres last past before this pnt Sessyon of the Parlyament, nor to anny salte Marshes, nor to anny Marshes that cdmonlie within tenne yeres hath byn once surrounded or overflowen with water, nor to anny grounde enclosed by the lycence of our Soveraigne Lorde the King, or anny of his noble progenito", nor to anny' Orcharde gardeyne poole or pondeyarde, nor to anny medowe grownde yerely mowen or to be mowen for haye, nor to anny lande sett or to be sett w* saffrone or w* Hoppes, nor to anny lande sowen or to be sowen w* hempe flaxe oade or madder, nor to anny lande withowt fraude or covyn sowen or to be sowen with Acornes, or sett or to be sett with woodde, during such tymes as the same shalbe used or putt to the uses and intentf before specefyed.

Provided allso and Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte nor anny thing therin conteyned shall in anny wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfiill to anny parsone or parsons which at anny tyme heretofore hath converted or at anny tyme or tymes herafter shall convene anny arable Lande to pasture, in anny Paryshe towne village hamlett or other place or places of this Realme, for the w* such parsone or parsons hath allredie, or within one yere after the feaste of Easter next cominge, or within one yere next after any such Inquisicbn hereafter to be founde, after such converting of errable grownde into pasture, hath or shall tume or convert to tyllage and errable grownde as much pasture ground or Leise w^in the same pishe towne village or hamelett, or within anny of them, where anny such lande so hath byn or hereafter shalbe converted from tyllage to pasture, and doo suffer the same lande so turned from pasture to tyllage so to contynewe in tyllage and be errable, withowt tuminge the same to pasture againe, so longe as the lands turned to pasture as aforesaid, shalbe used in pasture; Anny thing in this pnt Acte conteyned to the contrarie hereof in anny wise notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that aswell all Comissioners, Justices of Assise, Justices of Oyer and Determyner, as Justices of Peace in their Sessyons, and none other, shall have full power and auctoritie to enquire of the premisses, and shall certefye all Presentmentf that shalbe hadd before them into the Courte of Ch*uncerie, and from thens to be streated in convenient tyme into the Kings Courte of Thexchequer, and that the ptie greyed, yf he will, maye have and tend his travers according to the Lawes of this Realme in the same Courte, whither the saide Landes or tenementf so fownden by anny such Inquisicbn be holden of the King ymediatlye or not.

Provided allso and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte nor anny thing therin conteyned, shall or maye in anny wise extende to give anny aucthoritie to any Shrief Undershrief or anny their Officer Bailye or Minister, to infringe breake or entre into anny Libertie or Liberties, for the execucbn of anny precept or other processe w* shalbe hereafter to him or them awarded by aucthoritie and vertewe of this Acte, otherwise then he or they might have doon before the making of the same; Anny thing herein conteyned to the contrarie in anny wise notw'Vanding.

Provided allso and Be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, that yf anny parson or parsons offending this Acte, be at anny tyme hereafter impechyd or suyd by force of this Acte for anny Offence or Offencf comitted or doon or to be cdmitted or done contrarie to this Acte, that then the ptie offending so sued, shall not be impeachyd by the King our Soveraigne Lorde, or by anny other for the same Offence by vertewe of anny Lawe Acte or Actes, Statute or Statutes heretofore had or made for the reformac&n of any the artycles or branches conteyned in this Acte; Anny thing in this Acte or anny other Acte or Acts had or made to the contrarie in anny wise notw^standing.

Provided allso and Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte, or any thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to charge anny parsone or parsons wth anny penaltie or forfaiture for or conceminge anny Offence doon or to be doone contrarie to the tenor of this Acte, Onles he or they so offending be sewed or impechyd for the same within three yeres next after the same Offence be founde by inquisi£6n as is aforesaide; This Acte to endure for tenne yeres, and from thens unto thende of the next Parlament.

V.

Proriao for Co renantt.

VL Act shall not extend to ancient Paature, Down*, Paths, he.

VII.

Proviso for Patt urea exchanged for Tillage Land.

VIII. Inqueata shall be certified into the Exchequer, and may be traversed.

IX.

Proviso for Franchise*.

X.

Persona sued under this Act ahall not be liable under other Acts.

XI.

Limitation of Prosecution, Three Years.

Continuance of this Act.

Go

136

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 6

A.D. 1551-2.

Abuses in miking

Cloths

and in sealing them, Sic.

Certain Clothiers, Re •■•mined i.i i’erlian-.m as to such A hoses, Kc. and as to proper J-rngth, Breadth, and Weight of Cloths

Length, Breadth, and Weight of the several Cloths prescribed, viz Broad Cloths made in Kent or Sussex, or at Reading;

White Cloths called Long Worcesters;

Coloured Cloths of Worcester, &c.

White Cloths called Short Worcesters;

Coloured Long Cloths of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex;

Coloured Short Cloths of those Counties, Sic.

Coloured Cloths called Handywarpi;

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the makinge of Wollen Clothe.

WHEARE heretofore div’se and manye goodlie Statutf have bene made for the true makinge of Clothe within this Realme, whiche nevertheles, Forasmuche as Clothiers, some for lacke of knowledge and experience and some of extreame covetousnes, doe daylie more and more studdye rather to make manye then to make good Clothes, havinge more respecte to their private comoditie and gayne then the advauncement of truthe and contynuance of the comoditie in estymacbn accordinge to the worthynes thereof, have and doe daylie instead of truthe practyse falsehode, and instead of substanciall makinge of Clothe, doe practyse sleight and slender makinge, some by myngelinge of Yemes of d$se spynnyngf in one Clothe, some by myngelinge Fell Wooll and Lambes Wooll or either of them withe Fleese Wool), some by puttinge to little Stuffe, some by takinge them out of the mill before they be full thicked, some by overstretchinge them upon the tentor and then stoppinge withe flockf suche brackf as shalbe made by meanes thereof, fynallye by usinge so manye subtill sleightf and untruthes as when the Clothes soe made be put in the water to trye them, they ryse out of the same neither in lenghe nor bredith as they ought to doe and in some place narrower then some, beside suche cockelinge bandinge and dirse other great and notable faultf as almoste cannot be thought to be true; And yet nevertheles nether fearinge the lawe in that case pvyded, nor regarding the estymaf&n of their Countrie, doe not onely peure the Alneger to set the Kinge his Seale to suche false untrue and faultie Clothe, but doe them* selfes weave into the same the lykencs and simylitude of the Kinge his Highnes most noble and ympiall Crowne, and also the firste Ire of his name, whiche shoulde be testimonye of truthe and not a defence of untruthe, to great slaunder of the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde and the shame of this lande, and to the utter dystruccon of so greate and notable comodite as the lyke ys not in anye forreyn Nation: Our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge therefore myndinge to advaunce all truthe and to abandon falsehode, and also to pvyde for the contynuaunce of the saide comoditie of Cloth makinge to his honor and the comon pfytt of the Realme, hathe by thadvise of the Lordes & Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled, caused aswell div'se honest Clothiers, as also divse Drapers Marchaunttaillors Clotheworkers Sheremen and other Artificers to whom it apperteyneth, to be examyned by certen wise discreate and sage Knyghtf and Burgeses in this p'sent Parliament, of suche matters as towche aswell the false as the true makinge of Clothes, by whose declaration consent agreament and advyse after div*se and sondrie meatingf and greate deliberate advyse taken in the jPmysses by thauctoritie of this p>sent Parliament, It ys enacted as hereafter followeth, to retnayne fyrme and pfecte, notwithstandinge any suggestions hereafter to be made by anye Clothier or Clothmaker to the contrarie as they have in like cases heretofore done, that is to saye, That epye Clothe Karsey pece of Frice and Cottonne 6halbe made in suche sorte and fourme, and shall conteyne in lenghe bredith and waight as ys herein hereafter pticulerlye menconed, upon suche paynes penalties and forfeytures as be hereafter expressed and appoynted : Firste, that all and everie brode clothe and clothes whiche shalbe made after the saide feasle of Saincte Michaell tharchangell next comynge within the Sheres of Kent and Sussex, or at the Towne of Readinge or any of them, or elswhere of lyke makinge as the Clothes made there shall be of, shall conteyne in lenghe at the water, evye pece beinge thoroughe wett betwixte xxviij'* and thirtie yardes of measure that ys nowe customablye used, and in bredithe seaven quarters at the least within the lystf by the hole lenghe of the same Clothe, the lists of the same Clothes to be of lyke makinge and assise as they have here before tyme byne used to be made; and that everie pece of the saide Clothes beinge well scoured thicked mylled and fullye dryed shalbe in weight and weye nyntye pounde at the leaste; And that all and everie white Clothe and Clothes whiche shalbe made within the Cittie of Worcester comonlye called Longe [Worcester,1] and all like Clothes of like makinge made within the Cittie of Coventry or elswhere after the saide Feast, shall conteyne in lenghe beinge wett as ys aforesaide betwixte xxix"L and one and thirtie yardes the pece, and to everie yarde one ynche of the standarde, and shalbe of the bredith above specified thoroughe out and by all the lenghe of the whole Clothe, and lysted as hathe bene accustumed, and beinge well scoured thicked mylled and fully dried shall waye fourscore sower pounde the pece at the lest; And that all colored Clothes made in the saide Cittie of Coventrie and Worcester or elswhere of like makinge after the saide Feast, shall conteyne and be of lyke lenghe and bredith as is laste afore mencioned, and be listed as ys aforesaide, and being well scowred thicked and fullye dried, shall waye fourscore pounde the pece at the lest; And that all and everie White Clothe and Clothes comonlye called Shorte Worcesters whiche shalbe made within the saide Cittie or Countie or elswhere, of the same sorte after the saide Feast, shall conteyne in lenghe beinge wett betwixt xxiij and twentie five yards, yarde and ynche of the Rule, and shalbe of the bredith as ys aforesaide thoroughout and by all the hole Clothe, and lysted accordinge to the auncyent custome, and beinge well scowred thicked and fullye dried shall waye threscore pounde the pece at the lest; And that all colored longe Clothes whiche after the saide Feaste shalbe made within the Shires of Suff Norff and Essex or anye of them, or elswhere of like sorte, shall conteyne in lenghe wett as ys aforesaide betwixt xxviij and thirtie yards, yarde and ynche of the rule, and shalbe in bredith seaven quarters of the yarde within the lists at the lest thoroughout and by all the hole Clothe, and listed as hathe byne accustomed, and beinge web scowred thicked mylled and fullye dried shall waye fourscore pounde the pece at the leste; And that all and everie Shorte Clothe and Clothes colored whiche after the saide feast shalbe made within the saide Shires laste remembred or any of them, or elswhere of lyke sorte, shall conteyne wett as ys aforesaide betwixte xxiij and twentie five yardes, yarde and ynche of the rule, and shalbe in bredith as last ys remembred thoroughout and by the hole Clothe and lysted as is aforesaide, and beinge fullye scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, shall waye lxiiij" the pece at the leste ; And that all and everie colored Clothe and Clothes whiche after the saide Feaste shalbe made within the saide Shires last remembred or elswhere of lyke sortes cdmonlye called Handywarpes, of what lenghes they shall happen to be, shalbe in bredith out of the water thoroughout and by all the hole Clothe as ys last remembred and

1 Worccsto" 0.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 6.

137

lyned as they have byne accustomed, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, everie yarde of everie suche Clothe shall waye thre pound at the leste ; And that all Whites whiche after the saide feast shalbe made in the saide Shires or elswhere as Coxsall Whites Glaynesfordf and other beinge Handwarpes, of what lengethes soever they shalbe, shall conteyne in bredithe as ys afore remembred and be lysted as ys aforesaide, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullye dried shall waye by the yarde thre pounde at the leste, of suche measure as hath byne before used ; And that all Whites and Reddf whiche after the saide feast shalbe made in the Shires or Counties of Wiltei GlouS and Soifti or anye of them, or elswhere of lyke makinge, and all other Whites whiche shalbe made in any other parts of the Realme and not afore remembred, shall conteyne in lenghe beinge thorough wett betwixt xxvj and xxviij yardes and shalbe seaven quarters of the yarde in bredith within the lystf at the leste and listed accordinge to the auncyent Custome, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullye dryed shall waie everie pece Ixiiij". beinge white and threscore pounde beinge colored at the leste; and that all brode plunketh aziers blewes and other colored Clothe, whiche after the saide feast shalbe made within the saide Shires of Wiltes Gloud or So£fc or elswhere of like makinge shall conteyne, beinge wett as ys aforesaide betwixte twentye fyve and xxvij yardes, yarde and ynche of the rule, and shalbe seaven quarters of a yarde within the lists at the leste, and listed accordinge to the auncyent custome, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullye dried shall waye lxviij" the pece at the leste; and that all Karseis called Ordinaris shall conteyne in lenghe betwixte seaventene and eightene yardes, yarde and ynche as ys aforesaide, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled dressed and fullye dried, shall waye twentie pounde at the leste; and all Karseis called sortinge Karseis whiche after the saide feast shalbe made in anye parte of this the Kings Majesties Realme of Englande, shall conteyne in lenghe at the water betwixt xvij and xviij yards, yarde and ynche as ys aforesaide, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled dressed and fullye dried redye to be shewed, shall waye xxiij1* the pece at the leste; And that all Devonshire Karsies called Dossens whiche shalbe made after the saide feast, shall conteyne in lenghe at the water betwene twelve and thirtene yards, yarde and ynche of the rule, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullye dried shall waye fourtene pounds the pece at the leste ; And that all and everie brode Clothe and Clothes called Taunton Clothes Bridgewaters, and other Clothes whiche shalbe made after the saide feaste in Taunton Bridgewater or in other placf of lyke sorte, shall conteyne at the water in lenghe betwixt twelve and thirtene yardes, yarde and ynche of the rule, and in bredith seaven quarters of a yarde; and everie narrowe Clothe made after the saide feast in the saide Townes or elswhere of like sortes, shall conteyne in the water in lenghe betwixt xxiij and twentye fyve yardes, yarde and ynche as ys aforesaide, and in bredith one yarde of like measure, and everie suche Clothe bothe brode and narrowe, beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fully dried shall waye xxxiiij11 the pece at the lest; And that all Clothes named Checkarsey and Streites whiche shalbe made after the saide feast, shall conteyne being wett betwene xvij and xviij yards, withe the ynches as ys aforesaide, and in bredith one yarde at the lest at the water, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fully dried shall waye xxiiij" the pece at the lest; And that all and everie Walshe Cottonne and Cottonnes whiche after the saide feast shalbe made and wroughte redye to be soulde for a hole pece, shall not be streched on the Tentor nor otherwise above a nayle of a yarde in bredith, and shalbe in lenghe thirtye two [ goodes' ] in the water at the most, and in bredith thre quarters of a yarde at the water at the lest, and beinge soe fullye wrought everie hole pece thereof shall waye fortye sixe pounde at the least, and everie halfe pece of Walshe Cottonne beinge full wrought as ys aforesaide, shall conteyne in lenghe weight and bredith after the same rate : And that all Walshe Frices whiche after the feast aforesaide shalbe made and wrought within the Shires of Cardigan Carmarden and Pembroke or anye of them, or elswhere of lyke makinge, reddye to be soulde for a whole pece, shall conteyne in lenghe at the water thirtie sixe yards at the most, yarde and ynche of the rule, and in bredithe thre quarters of a Yarde, and beinge so fullie wrought shall waye epye hole pece fourtye eight pounde at the lest, and everie halfe pece of Welshe Fricf beinge full wrought as aforesaide shall conteyne in lenghe bredith and weight after the same rate; And that all and everie Northerne Clothes whiche after the saide feast shalbe made, shall conteyne betwene thre and twentie and fyve and twentie yards in lenghe, yarde and ynche of the rule, and in bredith being thoroughe wett seaven quarters of a yarde within the lists at the leste, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullye dried, shall waye fourtye sixe pounde the pece at the lest; And everie halfe pece called Dossens made after the saide feast, shall conteyne in lenghe betwixt twelve and thirtene yards of measure aforesaide, and seaven quarters of a yarde in bredith as afore within the lists, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, shall waye thirtie thre pounde at the leste; And that all Clothes comonlye called Pennystones or Forest Whites whiche shalbe made after the feast aforesaide, shall conteyne in lenghe beinge wett betwixt twelve and thirtene yards yarde and ynche as aforesaide, and in bredith sixe quarters and a halfe quarter out of the water at the lest, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullye dried, shall waye twenty eight pounde the pece at the lest; And that all and everie Cottonnes called Manchester Lancashire and Chesshire Cottonnes whiche shalbe made after the saide feast full wrought to the sale, shalbe in lenghe twentie two [goadf * ] and conteyne in bredith thre quarters of a yarde in the water, and shall waye thirtye pounde the pece at the lest; And that all Clothes called Manchester Ruggf otherwise named Fricf whiche shalbe made after the saide feast and fullye wrought to sale, shall conteyne in lenghe thirtie sixe yards and in bredith thre quarters of a yarde comynge out of the water, and shall not be stretched on the Tayntor nor otherwise above a nayle of a yarde in bredithe, and beinge soe fullye wrought and well dried shall waye everie pece fourtye eight pounde at the lest.

And Be it further enacted that all and everie pson and psons whiche after the saide Feast of Saincte Michaell Tharchaungell next comynge, shall make or cause to be made anye of the severall Kyndf of brode Clothes above rehersed, of any shorter or longer measure then is above spiffed and appoynted for everie Countrie or sev’all Kynde of Clothes to be made, or make anye suche Clothe or Clothes of lesse bredith or weight beinge well scowred

1 So also in Original Act.

• go.ides O.

Whitts being Handy warps

Whites and Reds of Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, and Somersetshire, and all other Whites j

Broad Plunkets, Azures, Blues, and other coloured Cloths of Wilts,&e.

Kersies called Ordinaries;

Sorting Kersiesj

Devonshire Kersies, called Dozens t

Broad Cloths called Tauntons and Bridgewaters j

Narrow Tauntons and Bridgewaters.

Check Kersies and Streites

Welch Cottons

Welch Frizes of Cardigan. Cacrmarthen, and Pembroke

Northern Cloths;

Half-pieces called Dozens;

Pennystones or Forest Whites;

Manchester, Lancashire, and Cheshire Cottons

Manchester Rugs or Frizes.

II.

Penalties on Clothiers making Broad Cloths of Measure or Weight contrary to this Act. 40s per Cloth, &c.

N n

138

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 6.

I

A.D. 1551-2.

in.

Proviso for Cloth exceeding the Length by reason of the Goodness.

IV.

Penalty on making Narrow Cloths of undue Length, See. 201.

V.

No nocks. Hair, or Lambs Wool shall be put in Cloths.

VI.

Deficient Cloths shall not be sealed ; but the Aulnager's Fee shall be paid.

VII.

Penalty on selling Cloth before satisfying

Aulnager'sFee,2cs.

VIII.

No Cloth shall be exported until sealed by the Aulnager and the Clothier.

IX.

Drapers, See. shall try their Cloths by Weight and Measure; and present those deficient, which shall be forfeited.

X.

Clothiers shall repay the Price of faulty Cloths sold by them, on Penalty of Double Value.

thicked mylled and fullie dried then as ys above specified and appoynted for everie sev^ll Countrye or Kyndf of Clothes, and shall put the same to 6ale, shall forfeyte and lose for everie suche defaulte of everie Clothe soulde or offered to be soulde in lengtie or bredithe fourtye shillingf; And for everie pounde weight whiche anye Clothe soe made and soulde or offered to be soulde shall lacke, exceadinge not above sower pownde in weight, shall also forfeyt two Shillingf for everie pounde, the same forfeyture to go to the Fynder thereof; and that If anye suche Clothe lacke above sower pound weight of the sePall weights above mencioned, that ev’ye owner thereof shall then forfeyt fourtye Shillingf for everie suche Clothe so lackinge of his weight as is aforesaide.

Provyded alwayes that if anye brode Clothe shall exceade the se$all lengtie before appoynted for everie Countrey or kynde of makinge, by meanes of the fynnes or the good pfecte and stuffy makinge of the same Clothe, that then the maker thereof shall not incurre any losse or penaltye for the overlengtie of anye suche fyne Clothe; Anye thing herein to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

And Be it further enacted, that all and everie pson or psons whiche after the saide Feast shall make or cause to be made anye of the se^all Kyndf of Karseis narrowe clothes streightf dossens firief or cottons above mencioned, whiche shall not be made in suche manner and fourme as ys abovesaide, nor conteyne and have in lenghe bredeth and waight sev’ally appoynted and lymitted as ys above spified, shall lose and forfeyte for everie pece of Clothe called streight or dossen, and for everie pece of narrowe Clothe karsey frice or cotton so to be made 8c solde or offered to be solde, twentye shillingf.

And Be it further enacted, that from and after the saide Feast, noe pson or p6ons shall put any heare flox or any yerne made of lambes Wooll into anye Clothe Karsey Frice or Cottonne so made and sould or offered to be soulde, upon payne to forfeite everie suche Clothe Karsey Fricf and Cottonne wherein any suche yarne heare or flox shalbe put, or the value of suche Clothe Karsey or Frice.

And Be it further enacted, that yf at any tyme after the saide Feast, any Clothe, thorough the defaulte or negligence of the Carders Spynners or Weavers or any of them, shall or doe prove either pursye bondye squally by Warpe or Woff, or ells shall happen to be evill burled or wasted in the mill, or elles thoroughe the defaulte or negligence of the Milman or otherwise to be full of holes mylbrackf or to be hollie, that then the Seale of the Alneger shall not be fixed or setto any suche Clothe, Any lawe statute or usage to the cont*rye in anywise notwithstandinge, but the accustomable fees and allowancf of the Alneger shall nevertheles be paidej upon payne of forfeiture of suche hole clothe or the Value therof.

And Be it further enacted, that if anye Clothier or Clothmaker do after the saide Feast, put anye Clothe or Karsey to sale before he shall have paide to the Alneger or his Deputye the accustomable fee, or agre for the same as he she or they have been accustomed, shall lose and forfeyt for ePy defaulte twenty Shillingf.

And Be it further enacted, that noe pson or psons Englishe Denizen Alien or Straunger, shall after the saide Feast carrie or transporte or cause to be carried or t*nsported into anye of the parts beyonde the Sea, anye Clothe Karseis Frice or Cottonne of the sePall sorts above recited, onles the Kinge his Seale or Alnegers Seale of this Realme, and the Seale of the Owner or Maker of the Clothe, declaringe therin the lenghe of the Clothe as it shalbe in the Water, be sett uppon everie suche Clothe, upon payne to forfeyte everie suche Clothe lackinge the same Seales or any of them, or the value thereof.

And Be it further enacted by auctoritie aforesaide, that noe Draper Merchaunttaylor Clothworker or other pson whiche shall retayle anye of the Clothes or Karseis Fricf Ruggf or Cottons of the sepall makingf aforesaide, shall after the saide Feaste putto sale anye of the Clothes aforemencioned whereunto the Alneger shall have setto the King his Seale and the owner his Seale, till suche tyme as he or they have made trial! aswell by the waight and measure whether they and everie of them shalbe made accordinge to the purporte and true meanynge of this Atte or noe: And if any pson or persons shall fynde any defective or faultie Clothe in lenghe weight or measure made contr*ye to the ordre aforesaide, that then he or they shall p'sent ev'ye suche Clothe to ev’ye Maior Bayliff or other head Officer or head Officers of everie Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, or to two Justicf of Peace next adjoyninge out of a Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate where suche Clothe shalbe founde faultie as ys aforesaide, to thintent the same Clothe maye be cutte into thre equall parts and peces; the one pece thereof to be forfeyted to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, an other pece to be to the presentor thereof, and the thirde parte residue to suche pson or psons as it then shalbe p'sented to; upon payne that everie suche pson as shall not so serche everie of the Clothes Karseis Cottons or Fricf aforesaid so by him to be bought and soulde, and shall not seise and p>sent suche Clothe or Clothes as he or they shall fynde defective as is aforesaide, shall forfeyt and lose the double value of everie suche Clothe.

And Be it further enacted, that everie Clothier or other pson whatsoever, whiche so shall sell any suche faultie Karsey Cottonne or Frises whereunto the Alneger and the Owner shall have setto their Seales and shall so be seased as ys aforesaide, shall within fourtene dayes next after request made by writinge messege or otherwise by suche pson whiche shall so buy suche Clothe, make payment of suche somes of Money as he receyved for the same, or shall otherwise satisfye dischardge and acquite him for so muche money as he shall or sholde have receyved for the same, upon payne of forfeyture to the partie greived for everie non payment or not acquytall as ys aforesaide the double value of the money so received or to be received, the same to be recovered by bill playnte acc6n of debte or otherwise in anye of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, wherein noe Essoyne ptecc&n or wager of lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

A.D. 1551-2,

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 6.

139

And for the further advoydinge of muche untruth practised by stretchinge of Clothes, Be it enacted that noe pson or peons shall after the saide Feast, streyne or stretche or cause to be streyned or stretched anye Clothe above one Yarde in lenghe and one halfe quarter in bredith, uppon pajne to fbrfeyt for everie suche defaulte fyve pounds.

And Be it further enacted that noe pson whiche shall after the saide Feast kepe have use or occupie any Tentor, shall have use or occupye anye wrinche rope or ringe withe the same Tentor, or shall use any other Engyne unlawfullye to streyne or stretche anye Clothe or Clothes, upon payne that ePy Offendor that shall use or occupie anye Tentor or other Engynne to the contr*ye shall fbrfeyt Twentye pounds.

And Be it also enacted by like aucthoritie, that yf any Merchaunte shall by any meanes t*nsporte or carrie over into the parts beyonde the Sea, anye Clothe Karsey Frice or Cotton whiche shalbe founde defective or faulty either in lenghe bredith or weight, or els shall have anye of the faultf aforesaide, that then the Merchaunt or other pson whiche shall so t*nsporte the same shall retome agayne the same Clothe so founde defective into Englande at the costs and charges of the Clothier or Clothmaker that solde the same Clothe, the same costs and things to be recovered againste suche Clothemaker or Clothier by acc&n of dett bill playnte or informac&n in anye of the Kings Courts, any pmyse or bargayne to the contr*ye notwithstandinge ; upon payne that everie Merchaunte or other pson whiche shall not so retorne suche faultie or defective Clothe, yf through mysfortune by Tempest Pirattf or Ennymes he be not letted, shall forfeyt and lose the value of the Clothe so shipped and t*nsported and not retorned as is aforesaide, thone moytie thereof to the Kinge and thother moytie to him that will sue for the same, by acc&n of dett bill playnte or Informac&n, in whiche Acf&ns no Essoyne ptecc&n nor wager of lawe shalbe admytted for the defendaunte.

And to thintent that yt maye be pfectlye knowen whiche Clothes are pfectly dressed dyed and pressed with the colde presse without firaude coven and deceyte, as well within the Cittie of London as elswhere, and have sufficient Workemanshipp ; Be it further enacted, that aswell the Maior of the Cittie of London and Aldermen for the most parte of them for the tyme beinge, as all and everie other Maior Baylifff and other hed Officer or Officers of everie Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate within this Realme, shall have full power and aucthoritie by virtue of this Acte to noiate depute and appoynte from tyme to tyme as occac&n shall serve, and shall so from tyme to tyme noyate depute and appoynt two or mo honest discrete and experte psons, whiche shall from tyme to tyme upon their othes viewe and searche all and everie Clothe and Clothes that shall be dressed dried or pissed with the colde presse within everie suche Cittie Boroughe Towne corporate or Porte Towne, and viewe and searche whether the same Clothe or Clothes be well and sufficientlye dressed and pressed withe the colde presse, without puttinge therto flox solace chalke flower or any other deceiptfull thinge ; and also whether the same shalbe well and substanciallye died withe good and pfecte Collors without any deceyvable thinge; or whether it shalbe stretched or streyned any more then is above spiffed; and shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to enter into all and everie psons house or houses where they shall thincke mete to searche and to sease all and everie suche Clothe and Clothes as they shall fynde defectyve in the fPmisses as forfeited in whose handes soever they shalbe founden, The moytie of whiche forfeyture shalbe to the use of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge and thother moytie to thuse of the Maior and Coialtie of the Cittie of London or to the use of e$y Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Porte Towne or Markett Towne where the same shalbe seased.

And Be it further enacted, that everie pson or psons in whose handes or possession suche defective or faultye Clothe, either by evell or deceyvable dyinge dressinge or pressinge as ys aforesaide, shalbe founde & seased as ys aforesaide shall have his her or their remedy by acc&n of dett bill playnt informac&n or otherwise in anye of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde wherein no Essoyn ptecc&n or wager of lawe shalbe admytted or allowed for the defendaunte, againste all and everie suche pson or psons by whose defaultf or negligence suche Clothe shall so be founde faultye, and shall therbye recover all suche costs losses and damagf as he shall susteyne by occasion thereof.

And Be it further enacted by the same aucthoritie, that aswell the saide Maior of the Cittie of London as everie other Maior Bayliff Portreve or other head Officer of everie Cittie Boroughe Towne corporate or Porte Towne, shall on thisside the saide Feast cause to be Spared a seale of leade, wherin as well the Armes as the name of everie suche Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Porte Towne shalbe graved, whiche the same Searchers shall cause to be fixed to everie Clothe that they shall fynde after the saide Feast well and sufficientlye dressed died and pressed withe the colde presse without any the deceiptf aforesaid, and shall have for their paynes and travailes therin to be taken by the Owner thereof for the sealinge of everie Clothe twoe pence.

Al.

Stretching of Cloths rettnined Penalty

XII. Tenteri shall not be used with Wrinchet, 8tc. Penalty j£io.

XIII.

DefeAive Cloths exported shall be returned at the Expence of the Clothier.

Al V

Mayors Icc. of London, and other Cities, shall appoint Searchers of Cloths who may examine the tame as to the dressing, dying, and pressing thereof.

XV.

Remedy for Purchasers of faulty Cloths against the Party guilty.

xvr.

Seals shall be provided for the Searchertof Cloths.

Their Pees on sealing.

And Be it further enacted, that yf any Sercher or Serchers so to be appoynted doe after the saide feast, fynde anye .hall

of the Clothes beinge colored or died so made after the saide feast either cockely pursie bondye squally or rowy, or be sealed with a * evill burled or wasted in the myll, or full of holes or brackf, that then the same sercher or serchers shall besidf the P1‘rticul,r Se^>Sfc-seale of the Cittie boroughe or towne corporate wheare the same Clothe shalbe founde put another seale of Leade at everie ende of_ the saide Clothe, wherin shalbe graven the ire F. and shall also sett a marke in the list right againste suche place where anye of the faultf aforesaide shalbe, withe the prime of a letter or marke of an ynche compas att the lest, wherby everie byer maye well knowe what and where the faulte ys.

And Be it further enacted, that yf anye of the Serchers aforesaide shall sett the seale of any Cittie boroughe towne corporate or porte towne to any colored Clothe, whiche shall not be sufficientlye dressed dried pressed and wrought as ys aforesaide, that theft the Maior and Coialtye or Baylifff or C5mynaltie or other Corporac&n of the Townshipp by whatsoever name or names they shalbe incorporated where suche Clothe shall so be sealed, shall forfeit and lose those value of the Clothe soe seased.

XVIII. Penalty on Mayor, kc. for Searcher sealing Cloths not well dressed; Value of Cloth.

140

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 6.

A.D. 1551-2.

XIX. Penalty on Mayor, &c. for Searcher not duly aealing faulty Clothi,

XX.

No died Cloth shall be retailed without the Searcher'a Seal.

XXI.

Penalty on Mayora, itc. neglecting to appoint Scarcnera, aKIo.

XXII. Penalty on refuting to act aa Searchera,

XXIII. Colourt of Clotha to be told in the Realm by Retail.

XXIV. Clotha thall not be hot-preteed.

XXV. Penalty on counterfeiting, &c. of Seala; itt Offence jt’io. jd, Pillory and Forfeiture of Goods.

XXVI. Clothiera quitting their Butineaa within a certain Period, without Licence, thall not resume it.

XXVII. Former Ada contrary hereto repealed.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf any of the Serchers aforesaide after the saide feast, doe setto the seale of the Cittie boroughe or towne corporate within the lymittf of their searche to any Clothe, whiche shalbe cockley pursey bandy squally rewy evill burled wasted in the Mill or full of holes as ys aforesaide, and not sett at everie ende of the saide Clothes one Seale withe the Letter F. as ys aforesaide, and also

declare by the lists as ys aforesaide what and where the faultf of the Clothe be, that then the Maior and Coialtye or

other the CorporacBn of everie suche Boroughe cittie or towne corporate where suche sercher shalbe appoynted, shall forfeyt and lose for everie suche omyssion or not settinge to of anye suche seale as ys aforesaide, fyve pounds.

And Be it further enacted, that noe pson or psons whatsoever they be whiche comenlye use to retayle Clothe or Karsey shall put to sale, in grosse or by retayle, to any manner of pson any manner of Clothe wch shalbe made after the

saide feast, beinge dressed died and pressed as ys aforesaide, excepte there be fixed thereunto at everie ende of the

same Clothe the Seale of suche Cittie boroughe or towne corporate where the same Clothe shalbe so died dressed and pressed, or the sePall seale of everie such Cittie boroughe or towne corporate where it shalbe died dressed or pressed, to remayne at the last end of everie of the saide Clothe whiche shalbe soulde, duringe and by all the tyme that anye pece or remnant of suche Clothe ys to be solde; upon payne of forfeiture the hole value of suche hole Clothe.

And Be it further enacted, that everie Maior Bayliff or other head Officer of any Cittie boroughe or towne corporate, in whiche any suche Clothe or Clothes after the saide feast shalbe made died dressed or pressed withe the colde presse as ys aforesaide, whiche dothe not or shall not after the saide feast of Saincte Michaell, noiate & appoynte from tyme to tyme so manye Searchers as shalbe requisite to viewe and searche Clothes upon their othes as ys aforesaide, shall lose and forfeyt for everie defaulte tenne poundes.

And Be it further enacted, that yf anye of the saide Serchers so to be appoynted by the Maior, beinge a Freman of the saide Cittie, or by the Maior Bayliff or other head Officer of anye Cittie boroughe or towne corporate as ys aforesaide, havinge no resonable excuse, do refuse to take upon him to be a sercher, and doe not use thoffice of a sercher as ys aforesaide, shall forfeyt and lose for everie suche refusal and not executinge of his Office so to him appoynted fyve pounde, thon halfe thereof to be to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde, and thother halfe to the use of the Coialtye of everie Cittie boroughe or towne corporate where he shall so be assigned, and to remayne in warde till suche tyme as he hath made payment of the saide forfeiture or otherwise put in sufficient bondes for the satisfaction of the same.

And Forasmuche as there be nowe in this tyme many false and deceivable colors made in div*se placf of this Realme, wherby manye of the Kings lovinge Subjects are deceived; Be it enacted, that from and after the saide feast of Saincte Michaell Tharchaungell next comynge, noe p6on or psons shall putto sale by retaile within this Realme any Clothe or Clothes whiche shalbe made after the saide feast, of anye other color or colors then ys hereafter expssed; that ys to saye, skarlett redd crymsen murrey violet puke browne blewe blacks grenes yallowes blewes orrige tawnye russett marble grey sadncwcolor asewer watchett shepes color lyon color motteley or [tren‘] grey; upon payne that everie pson offendinge to the cont*rye, shall lose and forfeyt the value of the Clothe soulde by retayle whiche shalbe of anye other color.

And Be it further enacted, that noe pson or psons after the saide feast of Saincte Michaell Tharchaungell shall presse anye kinde of Clothe withe the whott presse, or in any other kinde of deceyvable manner, but onlye withe the colde presse as ys abovespified, upon payne of forfeyture of the hole Clothe soe pressed contrarie to the meanynge of this Estatute or the value thereof.

And Be it further enacted, that yf any pson or psons but suche as are appoynted assigned and pmytted by this Acte, doe at anye tyme after the saide feast counterfeite setto or take awaye from any of the Clothes Karseys Fricf Ruggf or Cottons aforesaide any of the Seales so to be fixed as is above recited, that then everie pson soe offendinge shall for the firste Offence, beinge thereof dulye convicted by verdite of twelve men by two sufficient witnesses, or by confession of the partie, forfeyt and lose tenne pounds, and for the seconde Offence beinge likewise thereof convicted, shall sytt on the Pillorie, and lose and forfeit to our SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge all suche his goods and cattellf his debts beinge dulye and trulye paide without fraude or covyn, as he had or shall have at the tyme of his conviction.

And Be it further enacted, that yf betwixt the firste daye of Maye next comynge and the feast of Saincte Michaell Tharchaungell then next comynge, any pson or psons whiche nowe dothe use the arte of mysterie of drapinge or Clothemakinge, shall give over drapinge or Clothemakinge, excepte he be licenced so to doe by thre Justices of Peace at the lest of the Cittie countie boroughe or towne corporate where he dwelleth upon some reasonable cause showed unto the saide Justicf, shall never after take upon him to make or cause to be made anye kynde of Clothe or Karsey to sell the same agayne, upon payne of forfeiture of everie suche Clothe or Karsey that he shall so sell.

And Be it further enacted, that all and everie Article clause or sentence in any Acte of Parliament heretofore made, concerninge makinge dyinge dressinge pressinge searchinge or sealinge of anye of the kyndf of Clothes brode or narrowe white or colored Karseys fricf ruggf or cottons heretofore in this Acte mencioned, & beinge repugnant or contr*yaunt to any Article or sentence in this Statute, shall from the feast of Saint Michaell Tharchaungell next be utterlie voyde and of none effecte.

' Iren O.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 6, 7.

141

And to thentent that all suche Clothes as shalbe made within this Realme or any other the Kinge his Dnions after the saide feast, shalbe the better knowen from thother Clothes made before the same tyme, Be it therefore enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that from and after the saide feast the letter E. crowned, shall not be wrought into the Clothe for and by the space of two yeres then next ensuynge, upon payne of forfeiture of twentye shillingf for everie Clothe or Karsey wherein the saide letter E. shall so be wrought; the moytie of all whiche forfeyture and of all other forfeytures before expWd and not otherwise appoynted by this p'sent Acte, shalbe to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same, by Acc&n of Debte detynewe bill plaint or inforinac&n in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde, wherein noe wager of Lawe essoyne or ptecf&n shalbe admytted nor allowed for the defendaunte.

xxviii.

To diitinguiih . Cloth* made after thia Act, the Mark of the Letter E. crowned shall be omitted for Two Yeara.

Application of Penalties.

( ') Provyded alwayes that this Acte nor any thinge therin conteyned shall not in any wise extende to any Clothe or Act .^u not' Clothes made in the Towne of Tavestoke in the Countie of Devon or elswhere within the saide Countye, comenlye "te!^ Q th| called Tavestoke Clothes, but that it shalbe laufull to all and everie Inhabitauntf of the saide Towne, or Makers of the " 01 saide Clothes comenlye called Tavestokf, to make and [ sell1 ] the same withe the accustomed Seale as they have heretofore bene accustomed ; Anye thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in anywyse notwithstandinge.

Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, That it shall not be lawfull to any pson or psons at Wool» to be made any tyme after the Feaste of Saincte Michaell Tharchaungell next comynge, to boyle or cause to be boyled any kynde into^Broad Cloth* of Woolles, to be converted into anye kynde of Brode Clothe or Karsey, withe any kinde ofGalles ryndf barkf of not be boiled with trees or sawedust, upon payne to forfeyt all suche Woolle or the value thereof, to be recovered and had in suche G>ll‘’ &c-fourme and sorte as in the foresaide Acte ys lymytted and expressed.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte lymittinge the tymes of buyinge and sellinge of Woolles.

FORASMUCHE as the greate plentye of Woolles within this Realme ought by all reason to cause the same to be of convenient and reasonable pries, yet by the gredye and covetous myndes aswell of suche as have the great plentye and habundaunce of Sheepe and Woolles, as also by the corrupt practises of dipse Broggars Ingrocers Woolgatherers and Regrators and sondrie other psons, by the havinge to muche libtye of buyinge kepinge usinge and occupyinge of the same Woolles, it manifestlye appeareth that the prices thereof be wonderfullye and excedinglie enhaunsed and raysed, to the greate hurte detryment and decaye of the Realme: Be it therefore ordeyned established and enacted by thauctoritie of this psent Parliament, That noe manner of pson or psons beinge borne within the Kings obeysaunce shall after the last daye of Maie next, buy bargayne take or make anye pmyse or bargayne of Woolles, but onelye suche pson or psons, his wief or his or their apprentice or apprentices inhabitinge in his or their Mansion house or houses, as shall of the saide Woolles make Yarne any kynde of Clothe Chamlettf Wolstede Sayes Stamyn Knythose Knytpetycotes Knytgloves Knytsleves Hattf Coyves Cappes Arrace Tapesserie Coverlettf Gurdellf, or any other thing used to be made of Wooll or myxed withe Wooll within the Realme, Or els a Marchaunte or Marchauntf of the Staple at Callice or his or their apprentice or apprentices dwellinge in his or their Mansion house or houses to be shipped onlye to the Staple at Callice, upon payne of forfeiture of the double value of the saide Woolles so to be bought or bargayned or taken by pmyse of bargayne contrarie to this psent Acte.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That noe Marchaunte Straunger, after the twentith daye of Aprill next comynge, by him selfe or by any other pson or psons for hym in his name or to his use in any yere after the saide twentith daye of Aprill then to come, shall bargayne or buy any Woolles before the Feast of the Purificacbn of our Ladye next after the clippinge or sheringe of the same Woolles, upon payne of forfeyture of the doble value of the same Woolles.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, That noe manner of pson or psons havinge any Wooll or Woollf of his or their owne grothe, shall at any tyme after the Feast of the Natyvitie of Saincte John Baptiste next edmynge, kepe the same Woolles, to thentent to sell the same in Woolle unwrought, over and above one hole yere next and ymediatlie after the sheringe of the same Woolles; So as there be offered without fraude or covyn to the owner or owners thereof within the same tyme, suche price as then shalbe most comenlye given in the same Shire for Wooll of like goodnes and packinge ; upon payne of forfeyture for ev*y Todde, or Todde weight thereof so kepte above one yere unsolde as is aforesaide the some of tenne shillingf; the moytie of all and everie suche forfeiture and forfeitures penaltye or penaltyes before rehersed to be to thuse of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his heires and successors, and thother halfe to thuse of him that will sue for the same in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde by accon of dett bill playnt informac&n or otherwise, wherin noe wager of lawe pteccon or essoyne shalbe allowed for the Defendaunte.

Provided always that the Marchauntf of Newcastle and other psons, maye buye Woolles of the groeth of the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westifiland Richemonde and Allerton Shire or the Bisshoppriche of Duresme, to the intent to shippe or t'nsporte the same into the Parts beyonde the Sea as they have bene accustomed; Any thing in this Estatute to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Unlawful railing the Price of Wool* i

None shall bur Wool* but Manufacturer* or Merchant* of the Staple, on Penalty of forfeiture thereof.

II.

Alien Merchant* shall not buyWools until Feb. a. after their Shearing.

III.

Owner* of Wool* shall *cll the ume within ii Month* after Shearing Penalty, 101. per Todd.

Application of Forfeiture* and Penalties.

IV.

Merchants of Newcastle may buy Northern Wool* for Exportation.

1 The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. c So also in Original AB ,•—seal Printed Copies.

O o

142

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 7—9

A.D. 1551-2.

V.

Merchant! of the Staple may tell refute Wooli.

VI. Thit Act may be repealed by the King't Proclamation.

VII.

Proviso for Sale of Wooli in Norfolk, pursuant to Stat.

I Edw. VI. c.6.

Provided also and be it enacted, That the Marchauntf of the Staple maye from tyme to tyme bargayne or sell their refuse coarse Woollf and Lockes suche as ys not mete for the saide Staple, to any pson or psons that will buy the same to make Yarne or Clothe or other things as ys abovesaide within this Realme; so as the same be shotte and packed by the woolpacker, declaringe of what Packinge or Contrey the refuse or lockes be, and wridnge upon the Clothes wherin the saide refuse Woolles ys packed in great ires, as they doe upon the Wolles that ys shipped to Callice.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, That it shall and maye be laufull to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde by his PclamacSn at any tyme hereafter to be made and sett for the^ to repeale this Estatute, and all and everie article clause sentence and other thinge and things therein conteyned, arih to make the same voyde to all intentf and purposes as thoughe this Acte had never bene had or made; Any thing in this Estatute to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

(') Provyded alwayes that the Acte made at the fyrste Session of this Parliament holden in the fyrst yere of the raigne of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, called and entituled The Acte for the contynuance of makinge of Worsted Yarne in Norff, and everie Article and Clause thereof shall remayne and contynue in full force vertue and strenghe : And that all psons inhabitinge or that shall inhabite within the saide Countie of Norff or Citie of Norwiche and everie of them, shall and maye buy and sell Woolles growinge within the saide Countie of Norff, accordinge to the purporte true effecte and playne meanynge of the saide Acte made in the saide firste yere of the raigne of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge; Any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie thereof in anywise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte lymittinge what psons shall weave or make brode Wollen Clothe.

None shall weave Broad Woollen Cloths, unless he hath been Apprentice thereto, &c. for Seven Years; on Penalty of Forfeiture of the Cloth woven.

BE it enacted by thassent of the Kings Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That noe pson or psons within this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kings I>nions, after the Feast of Saincte Michaell tharchaungell next ensuynge, shall weave or make or putto weavinge or makinge any manner of brode Wollen Clothe or brode Wollen Clothes to be solde, unlesse that suche pson or psons that shall so weave or make or putto weavinge or makinge the saide brode Wollen Clothe or Clothes so to be made to be solde, have bene an apprentice to the occupac&n of brode Woollen Clothe makinge or Clothes weavinge, or have been excised and practysed in and withe brode Clothe makinge or Clothe weavinge, by the space of Seaven yeres at the lest, before the same pson or psons shall so take upon him or them to make or weave or to putto weavinge or makinge the saide brode Wollen Clothes; upon payne to forfeyt all and everie suche Clothe and Clothes so woven or made cont*rye to the forme of this Acte: Thon halfe of whiche forfeyture shalbe to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge and thother halfe to him or them that will or shall sue for the same by bill playnt accSn of debte or informacbn in anye Courte of Recorde within this Realme of Englande or Wales, in whiche acc6n sute pleynt bill or informae&n, noe Essoyne ptecfbn or plea to the jurisdiccbn of the Corte shalbe allowed for the Defendaunte.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte that noe Man robbinge any House Boothe or Tent shall not be admytted to the benefyt of his Clergie.

Recital of Statute 23 H.VIII. c. i. taking away Clergy from certain Offencei

Made perpetual by 3i H.VIII. c.3.,.

WHERE at the parliament holden at Westni by progac&n in the xxiij"' Yere of the raigne of the late Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight, It was amonge other things then and there enacted established and ordeyned bye auctoritie of the same Parliament, that noe pson nor psons whiche after that tyme sholde happen to be founde giltye after the lawes of this Realme, for any manner Petit Treason, or for anye wilfull murdre of malice [ptencid, * ] or for robbinge of anye Churches Chappellf or other holie placf, or for robbinge of anye pson or psons in their dwellinge houses or dwellinge placf, the Owner or Dweller in the same house his Wief his Children or svauntf then beinge within and put in feare or dread by the same, or for robbinge of any pson or psons in or nere aboute the High Waies, or for wilfull bumynge of any dwellinge houses or barnes wherein anye grayne or come sholde happen to be, nor any pson or psons beinge founde giltie of any Abetment pcurement mayntayninge or counsellinge of any or to anye suche pettye Treasone murders or felonyes, sholde from thensforth be admytted to the benefytt of his or their Clergie, but utterlie to be excluded thereof and suffer deathe, in suche manner and fourme as they sholde have done for any the causes or offences abovesaide if they were noe Clerkf, suche as be within the holie orders, that is to saye, Of thordres of Subdeacon or above, alonely excepted; as by the same Acte amongf other things more playnely appeareth; Whice Acte was made to endure untill the last daye of the next Parliament: And after that at the Session of the Parliament holden at Westni by progac&n in the xxxij111 yere of the raigne of the saide late Kinge, the same Acte withe other Acts was made to contynue for ever: Sithen the makinge of whiche Estatute, it hathe bene doubted that yf suche robberies and felonyes hathe bene confuted and done in dwellinge houses and dwellinge placf, the Owner or Dweller in the same

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* pretencyd O.—fJpensed St. 23 H. VIII. e. 1.

A.D. 1551-2

5°&6° Edw. VI. c. 9, 10,

143

houses his Wief his Children or §vauntf beinge then put in feare or dread by the same, shall not lose the benefytt of their Clergie yf the offenders be therin founde giltie by the lawes of this Realme, unlesse the same robberie or felonye be edmytted and done in the verie chamber house or place, where the Owner or Dweller in the same house his Wief children or Svauntf shall happen to be or lye at the tyme of suche Robberie and Felonye comitted and done and put in feare or dread, althoughe the Owner and Dweller in suche house and houses his Wief his Children or §vauntf, at the tyme of suche Robberie and Felonye comytted and done, were or laye in other placf within the pcincte of the same dwellinge houses nyghe unto the house or place where suche Robberie and Felonye shall happen to be done; Or if it happen that the Owner or Dweller within the same houese where suche Robberie and Felonye shall happen to be done his Wief Children or ’sJvauntf to be aslepe at the tyme of suche Robberie and Felonye edmytted and done, althoughe the same Robberie were done in the chamber or place where the Owner or Dweller in the same house his Wief Children or §vauntf then laye, the Offendors beinge founde gilty thereof accordinge to the lawes of the lande shold not lose the benefytt and advantage of his Clergie: And where also it hath bene in question and doubted that if suche Robberies and Felonyes happen to be comitted and done in any Boothe or Boothes Teynt or Teyntf in anye fayre or markett, the Owner of the same his Wief children or §vauntf happening to be within the same at the tyme of the comyttinge of suche Felonyes, and put in feare and dreade, the Offenders therin beinge founde giltie after the lawes of this Realme, sholde not lose the benefytt of their Clergie: For. the true declarac&n and explanac&n of the same doubts or questions before recited, Be it enacted ordeyned and established by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That yf it happen any pson or psons to be founde giltye accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, for robbinge of any pson or psons after the first daye of Maye next ensuynge, in anye parte or pcell of their dwellinge houses or dwellinge placf, the Owner or Dweller in the same house or his Wief his Children or ’svauntf beinge then within the same House or Place where it shall happen the same Robberie and Felonye to be comytted and done, or in anye other place within the pcincte of the same house or dwellinge place, that suche Offenders shall in no wise be admytted to their Clergie, whether the Owner or Dweller in the same house his Wief or Children then and there beinge, shalbe wakinge or slepinge; And that noe pson nor p6ons whiche after the saide first daye of Maye shall happen to be founde giltye after the Lawes of this Realme, of and for robbinge anye pson or psons in any Boothe or Teynt in any Fayre or Markett, the Owner his Wief his Children or Svauntf or ?vaunte then beinge within the same Boothe or Teynt, shall not from hensforthe be admytted to the Benefytt of his or their Clergie, but utterlie be excluded thereof and suffer deathe; in suche manner and fourme as ys before mencioned in the saide Acte made in the saide xxiij'" yere of the Raigne of the same late Kinge for Robberies and Felonyes comitted and done in dwellinge houses and dwellinge places, the Owner or Dweller in the same his Wief Children or §vauntf then beinge within the same and put in feare and dreade ; without havinge anye respecte or considerseftn whether the Owner or Dweller in suche Boothes and Tents, his Wief Children or Svauntf, beinge in the same Boothes or Tents at the tyme of suche Robberies and Felonyes comytted, shalbe slepinge or wakinge.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte to take away the benefyte of Clergye from suche as robbe in one Shire and flye into an other.

Ilf HERE in the Parliament holden at Westni upon progac&n the fyftenth daye of Januarie in the xxv* yere of ▼ v the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight, it ys recyted, that at the Parliament holden at Westni in the xxiij* yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kinge amongf other things it was ordeyned established and enacted, that noe pson nor psons whiche after that tyme sholde happen to be founde giltye after the Lawes of this Lande, of any manner of Petye Treason, or for anye wilfull murther of malice ppensed, or for robbinge of anye Churches Chappellf or other holie placf, or for robbinge of anye pson or psons in their dwellinge houses or dwellinge place, the Owner or Dweller in the same house his wyef his children or Svauntf then beinge within and put in feare and dreade by the same, or for robbinge of any pson or psons in or nere aboute the highe waye, or for wilfull bumynge of any dwellinge houses or barnes wherein any grayne of Comes shoulde happen to be, nor any pson or psons beinge founde giltye of any abetment peurement helpinge maynteyninge or counsellinge of or to anye suche Petye Treason murders or felonyes, sholde from thensforthe be admytted to the benefytt of his or their Clergie, but sholde utterlye be excluded thereof and suffer deathe in suche manner and forme as they sholde have done for any the causes or offences abovesaid yf they were noe Clerkf; Whiche Acte extended but onlye where suche offendor was convicted in suche Countye or place where suche offence was so comytted and done, and not where he or they did suche offence in one Countye and were taken withe the [manner' ] in an other Countye; wherefore it was considered that forasmuche as d$se andmany Felons and Robbers that comytt and doe diPse and many great heynous Robberies and Burglaries in one Shire, and convey the spoyle and robberie into any other Shire, and there [and there’] be taken indyted and arrayned of felonye of the felonous stealinge of the same Goods in the same other Shire then where the same Robberies or Burglaries were done and comytted and not of the same robberie nor burglarie, for that it was not done nor comitted in the same Shire where they be so indyted and arrayned, and that by reason thereof, suche Felons Robbers and Burglaries had.and enjoyed the priveledge and advantage of their Clergie ; For redres whereof It was enacted in the saide Parliament holden in the saide twentith fyveth yere of the saide late King, That yf any pson or psons, after that tyme after suche

laynetl 0.

• An erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—0. omits.

Doubts whether certain Offences are thereby ousted of Clergy ; via. Robberies in Houses, the Owner, fee. being in another Part of the House, or asleep;

Robberies in Booths or Tents in Fain or Markets;

Offenders in all such Cases shall lose all Benefit of Clergy.

Recital of Statute ljHeo.VIII.cs. extending Stat.

»j Hen. VIII. d. for ousting certain Offences from the Benefit of Clergy, to Offenders convicted, &c- in other Shires than where the Offence was committed;

144

5° & 6° Eow. VI. c. 10, 11.

A.D. 1551-2.

Recital of Stat.

. E.VI. c. is. 59. ousting certain Offences of Clergy, and allowing Clergy in all other Cases of Felony;

St. ay H.VIII. c.3. virtually repealed by the Operation of 1 Edw. VI. c. ta.

The recited Act ay H.VIII. c.j. revived and confirmed.

Slanders against the King ought to be restrained;

Penalty on Persons advisedly affirming by Words that the King, or any of his Successors under the Authority of St.3yH.VIlI. c.l. is an Heretic or Usurper:

Robberre or Burglarie by him or them done in one Countye, shoulde be indited of Felonye for stealinge of anye goods or cattallf in any other Countie within this Realme, & thereupon arrayned and founde giltie or stonde mute of malice, or chalenge pemptorie above the nomber of twentie psons, or wolde not upon his or their saide arraynement directlye answere to the same Feionye, That then the same pson and psons so arrayned and founde giltie or standinge mute of malice or challenginge pemptorie above the nomber of twentie psons, or that wolde not directlye answere to the Lawe, sholde lose and be put from the benefytt of his or their Clergie, in lyke manner and fourme as they sholde have bene yf they had bene indited arrayned and founde giltie in the same Countie where suche Robberie or Burglarie as ys aforesaide was done or edmytted, yf it sholde appeare to the Justicf before whom any suche Felons or Robbers sholde be arrayned by evidence given before them, or by exaiac&n, that the same Felons and Burglars shoulde have bene put from their Clergie in case they had bene indyted arrayned and founde giltie in the same Countie where the same Robbries or Burglaries were comytted or done: as in the same Statute made in the saide twentith fiveth yere amongf other things more playnely appeareth : And where in the Parliament holden at Westm the fourth daye of Novembre in the first yere of the Reigne of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that nowe ys, It is ordeyned and enacted among other things, that noe pson or psons that before that tyme had bene or at anye tyme after sholde be in due forme of (1) Lawes attaynted or convicted of murder, of malice ppensed, or of poysonynge of malice ppensed, or of brekinge of anye house by daye or by nyght, any pson beinge then in the same house where the same breaking had bene or after that tyme sholde be comytted beinge put in feare or drede, or of or for robbinge of anye pson or p6ons in the Highe waye or nere to the Highewaye, or for felonyous stealinge of Horses [Gildingf'] or Mares, or of felonyous takinge of anye goods out of anye Parishe Churche or other Churche or Chappell, or beinge indited or appealed of anye of the same offencf and thereupon founde giltie by verdicte of twelve men, or sholde confesse the same upon his or their arraynement, or wolde not answere directlye accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, or sholde stande wilfully or of malice mute, sholde not be admytted to have or enjoy the priveledge or benefytt of his or this Clergie or Sanctuarie, but sholde be put from the same; And that in all other cases of Felonye other then suche as be before menc&ned, all and singuler pson and psons, whiche after the firste daye of Marche then next followinge sholde be arrayned or founde giltye upon his or their arraynement, or shold confesse the same or stande mute in forme aforesaide, or wolde not answere directlie in forme abovesaide, sholde have and enjoye the priveledge and benefytt of his or their Clergie and the libertye and priviledge of Seynctuarie, in lyke manner and fourme as he or they myght or sholde have done before the xxiiijth daye of April! in the first yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrie theight: as in the saide Acte made in the saide first yere amongf other things more playnely appeareth : By reason of whiche Article and Clause conteyned in the saide Acte made in the saide iirste yere, the saide Statute made in the saide XXVth yere of the saide late Kinge, whiche did put suche Felons and Burglars from their Clergie that doe suche Offence in one County and after are taken with the goods stollen in an other Countye, and there indyted arrayned and founde giltye, was made voyde; By reason whereof div’se and manye psons that sithen the saide firste yere have comytted suche Robberies and Burglaries in one Countie and after have bene taken withe the [manner ‘ J in an other Countye, and there indyted arrayned and founde giltye, have had and enjoyed their Clergie, whiche they colde not have hadd in case the saide Acte made in the saide XXVth yere had standen in force, to the great boldnynge and comforte of suche Offendors: For. Redres whereof from hensfurthe to be had, Be it enacted by auctoritie of this p'sent Parliament, that the saide Acte in the saide XXVth yere touchinge the puttinge of suche Offendors from their Clergie, and everie Article clause & sentence conteyned in the same touchinge Clergie, shall fromhensfurthe touchinge suche Offencf hensforth to be comytted and done, stande remayne and be in full strengfte and vertue in such manner and forme as it did before the makinge of the saide Acte made in the saide first yere of the Raigne of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge that nowe is; Any Clause article or sentence comprised in the saide Acte made in the saide first yere to the contrarie thereof notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the punyshment of div'se Treasons.

FIRASMUCHE as it is most necesserie for comon Pollicie and dutye of Subjects, above all things, to phibite restrayne and extyncte all manner of shamefull slaunders whiche myght growe happen or arise to their Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Majesde, whiche when they be harde sene or understande cannot be but odible and also abhorred of all those sorts that be true and lovinge Subjects, yf in any poynte they may doe or shall tuche his Majesde, upon whom dependeth the whole Unyde and uniPsall Weale of this Realme; Without pvidinge wherefore to great a scope of unreasonable libtye sholde be given to all cankard and traytorous harts, and the Kings lovinge Subjects shold not declare unto their Soveraigne Lorde nowe beinge, whiche unto them hathe byne and ys most endrely bothe beloved & estemed, thire undoubted sinceritie and truthe-. Be it therfore enacted by thassent and consent of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge and the Lordes spuall & temporall and the Comons of this p>sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoride of the same, that yf any pson or psons, after the first daye of June next comynge, by open preachinge expresse words or sayings, doe expresly directlye and advisedly setforthe and affirme, that the Kinge that nowe ys is an Heretick Scismatike Tirant Infidell or Usurper of the Crowne, or that any his heires or successors to whom the Crowne of this Realme ys lymytted, by auctoritie of Parliament holden in die thirtith fyveth yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge Henrie theight, beinge in laufull possessyon of the Crowne, ys an Heretick Scismadck Tirant Infidell or Usurper of the Crowne, That then everie such Offendor beinge thereof duly convicted or attaynted by the Lawes of this Realme, their

‘ the 0.

• Geldyngf 0.

* mayncu 0.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw.VT. c. 11.

146

abbettors [pcurerors*] and counsayllors and all and everie their aydors and comfortors, knowinge the saide Offencf or any of them to be done, for his or their suche first Offence shall lose and forfeyt to the Kinge all his and their goods and cattallf, and also shall have and suffer ymprisonment of his and their bodies at the Kings will and pleasure: And yf any peon, beinge once convicted or attaynted of anye of the saide Offencf, shall after his saide convice&n or attaynder eftsones comytt or ppetrate anye of the Offencf before menc&ned in forme aforesaide comytted, and shalbe thereof dulye convicted or attaynted by the Lawes of this Real me, that then everie suche Offendor [or*] Offendors, their abbettors pcurers and counsaylers and all and everie their aydors and comfortors knowinge the saide Offences or any of them to be done, for his or their seconde Offence or Offencf shall lose and forfeyt unto the Kinge the whole yssues and pfittf of all his and their Lands tents and other heredytamentf beneficf prebendf and other spuall pmoc&ns for terme of the lyes of suche Offendor or Offendors, and shall also lose and forfeyt unto the Kinge all his and their goods and chattellf, and also suffer duringe his and their lyves, ppetuall ymprisonment of his and their bodies: Provided alwayes, that suche of the saide spuall Pmoc&ns as shalbe chardged wi he Cure, be alwaies by the Kings Majestie and his heires and successors sufficiently furnished of a Curate for the dischardge of the same: And yf any pson, beinge two tymes hereafter convicted or attaynted of any of the same Offencf in forme aforesaide [convicted, * ] shall after his seconde convicf&n or attaynder eftsones cdmytt or ppetrate agayne any of the saide Offencf in forme aforesaide, and be thereof dulye convicted or attaynted by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, that then everie suche thirde Offence or Offencf shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Treason, and the Offendor or Offendors therin, their abbettors pcurors & counsaylors and all and everie their aydors and comfortors knowinge the saide Offencf or any of them to be done, beinge thereof convicted or attaynted accordinge to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, shalbe judged and demed highe Traytors, and shall suffer paynes of death, and lose and forfeyt all their Goods and catallf lands and tefitf whereof he or they shalbe seised of an Estate of enheritaunce in his or their owne right, to the Kinge as in cases of highe Treason.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye pson or p6ons, at anye tyme after the saide firste daye of June next comynge, by writinge pryntinge payntinge carvinge or gravinge, doe directly exp*ssly and advisedlye publishe setforthe and affirme that the Kinge that nowe ys, or anye his heires or successors lymited as is beforesaide, is an Heretick Scismatike Tiraunt Infidell or Usurper of the Crowne, that then ev’ye suche Offence and Offencf shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Treason, and the Offendor and Offendors, their abettors pcurors and counsaylors and all and everie their aydors and comfortors knowinge the saide Offences or any of them to be done, beinge thereof convicted dr attaynted accordinge to the Lawes & Statutf of this Realme, shalbe demed and adjudged highe Traytors, and shall suffer paynes of death and lose and forfeyt all their Goods and cattallf lands and tents to the Kinge as in cases of highe Treason.

And Be it furder Enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf any pson or psons after the saide first daye of June next comynge, rebelliouslye doe deteyne kepe or witholde from our saide Soveraigne Lorde his said heires or successors, any of his or their Castles Fortresses Fortylesses or Holdes within this Realme or in any other the Kinges Unions or Marches, or rebelliouslye kepe deteyne or witholde from the Kings saide Heighnes his saide Heires or Sucessors any of his or their Shippes Ordynauncf Artyllarie or other Munic&ns or Fortyfications of Warre, and doe not obedientlye render and give up to our saide Soveraigne Lorde his saide Heires or Successors ; or to suche psons as shalbe deputed by them or any of them, suche Castles Fortresses Fortylesses Holdes Shippes Ordyn'ncf Artillarie or other Munycbns and Fortyficacons of Warre rebelliouslye kepte and deteyned, within six dayes next after they shalbe comaunded by our saide Soveraigne Lorde his saide heires or successors by open Pclamac&n under the Great Seale, the same Pclamac&n to be made in suche place and order so as the partie and parties to be chardged by this Acte may convenientlye have notice or knowledge thereof, That then everie suche pson or psons so offendinge in any of the p>misses after the saide first daye of June, their Abbettors pcurors and counsaylors and all and everie their Aidors and Comfortors knowinge the saide Offencf or any of them to be done, beinge laufullye convicted, of the rebelliouslye kepinge and deteyning thereof, accordinge to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, shalbe adjudged Traytors and shall suffer paynes of Deathe and forfeyt all their goods and cattellf landes and tents unto the Kinge, as in cases of Highe Treason.

And over that Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf anye of the Kings Subjects, Denizens or other, doe comytt or practise out of the lymittf of this Realme in anye outwarde parts, any thoffencf whiche by this Acte are made or heretofore nowe standinge in force have bene made Treason, that then suche Treasons whatsoever they be or wheresoever they shall happen so to be done or comytted, shalbe enquyred & psented by the Othes of twelve good and laufull Men, upon good and pbable evidence and witnes, in suche [Shires4 3 and Countye of this Realme and before suche psons as it shall please the Kinge his saide Heires or Successors to appoynt by Comyssion under his Great Seale ; in lyke manner and forme as Treasons comytted within this Realme have byne used to be enquired and psented ; And that upon everie endytement and psentment founden and made of anye suche treasons, and ctyfied into the Kings Benche, like pc esse and other circumstance shalbe there made and had against thoffenders, as yf the same Treason so psented had bene laufullye founde to be done and comytted within the lymyttf of this Realme : And that all pees of outlawrie hereafter to be made and had within this Realme, against any Offendors in Treason, beinge resiant or inhabitaunt out of the lymittf of this Realme or in any the parts beyonde the Sea, at the tyme of the outlawrie pnounced agaynste them, shalbe as good and effectuall in the lawe to all intentf and purposes as yf any suche Offendors had bene resident and dwellinge within this Realme, at the tyme of suche pees awarded and outlaurie pnounced.

■•t Offence, Forfeiture of Good* and Imprisonment during the King'a Pleasure; id Offence, Forfeiture of Profit! of Linda and Spiritual Promotion! for Life, and of all Goodi, and perpetual Imprisonment.

Curate! shall be

prorided for Benefice!, &c. forfeited

jd Offence,

High Tree ion with Forfeiture of Landa and Goods.

II.

Such Offencet bp Writing, See. declared High Treason, in the first Instance.

III.

Detaining any Fortresses or Ships of the King, Stc. Six Days after Proclamation to surrender the same, declared High Treason.

IV.

Any Treasons, committed out of the Realm, may be tried by Commissioners in any Shire of the Realm

Process thereon.

Process of Outlawry against Traitors in Foreign Parts.

1 procuro's 0.

comytted 0.

• Sherc 0.

PP

Original from '

146

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 11,12.

A.D.]55U<2.

v.

Persons so outlawed may surrender to the Chief Justice of K. B. within one Year, and traverse the Indictment.

VI.

On Conviction for Treason, the Offender shall forfeit all Estates of Inheritance.

VII. Limitation of Prosecution for Offences by Words, &c. Three Months.

VIII. Concealment of High Treason declared Misprision of Treason.

IX.

None shall be indicted or convicted of any Treason unless accused by Two Persons, who, if living, shall give Evidence on his Trial.

X.

General Saving of Rights of Strangers.

XI.

The Wife shall lose her Dower on Attainder of the Husband for Treason.

Provyded Alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf the partie so hereafter to be outlawed shall, within one Yere next after the saide Outlawrie pnounced or judgment given upon the saide Outlawrie, yelde him selfe unto the Chief Justice of Englande for the tyme beinge, and offer to traverse thendytement or appeall whereupon the saide Outlawrie shalbe pnounced as ys aforesaide, that then he shalbe receyved to the saide traverse, and beinge thereupon founde not giltye by the verdyte of twelve Men, he shalbe clerely acquyted and dischardged of the saide Outlawrie and of all penaltyes and forfeytures by reason of the same, in as large and ample manner and forme as thoughe noe suche Outlawrie had byne made ; any thinge herein conteyned to the cont*rye in anywise notwithstandinge.

And Be yt further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that everie Offendor and Offendors beinge hereafter laufullye convicte of anye manner of Highe Treason, by p>sentment confession verdit or pees of Outlawrie accordinge to the due corse and custome of the Lawes of this Realme, shall lose and forfeyt to the Kings Highnes his Heires and Successors aforesaide, all suche Landes tents and heredytamentf whiche anye suche Offendor or Offendors shall have of anye estate of inheritaunce in his owne right in use or possession, within this Realme of Englande or els where within anye the Kings Unions, at the tyme of any suche Treasons comytted or at any tyme after.

And It is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe pson or psons shall in any wise be empeached for any of thoffencf abovesaide, comytted onlye by open preachinge or wordes, unlesse thoffendor or offendors be thereof accused within thre monethes next after the same open preachinge or wordes, and that the same accusac&n or accusacons be had made and declared to one of the Kings Counsell or to one of the Kings Justicf of Assise, or els to one of the Kings Justicf of Peace beinge of the Quop or to twoe Justicf of the Peace within the Shere where the same Offence or Offencf shall happen to be done or comytted: Any thinge conteyned in this Acte to the cont*rye thereof in anywise notwithstandinge.

Provided Also and be it declared and enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that concealment or kepinge secrete of any Highe Treason be deemed and taken onlye mysprision of Treason, and the Offendor therein to forfeyt and suffer as in cases of mysprision of Treason as heretofore hathe bene used; Any thinge above menconed to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that no pson or psons, after the firste daye of June next comynge, shalbe endited arrayned condempned convicted or attaynted for any of the Treasons or offencf aforesaide, or for anye other Treasons that nowe be or hereafter shalbe, whiche shall hereafter be ppetrated comytted or done, unlesse the same Offendor or Offendors be thereof accused by two laufull accusars, w1* said Accusars at the tyme of the arraynement of the partie accused, yf they be then livinge, shalbe brought in pson before the partie soe accused, and avowe and maynteyne that that they have to saye against the saide partie to prove him giltie of the Treasons or offencf conteyned in the bill of Inditement layed againste the Partie arrayned ; unlesse the saide Partie arrayned shall willinglie without violence confesse the same.

Savinge to everie pson and psons their heires and successors, other then the Offenders and their heires and suche pson and psons as clayme to anye their uses, all suche Rights titles interest possessions leases rents pensions offices and other pfittf whiche they or any of them shall have, at the daye of comyttinge suche Treasons or at anye tyme after, in as large and ample manner as yf this Acte had never byne had nor made.

(1) Provided also and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that the Wief or Wyves whose Husbonde or Husbondf hereafter shalbe attaynted of Treasons spified in this Acte, or of anye other treasons whatsoever they be, shall in noe wise be receyved to aske challenge demaunde or have Dower of anye the Londes tents or hereditamentf of anye the pson or psons to be attaynted of Treason as ys aforesaide, duringe the saide attaynder in his force; Any thinge before menconed to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the dedarac&n of a Statute made for the Marriage of Priests and for the legittimac&n of their

Children.

Recital of Statute a Sc a E.VI. c.at. repealing Law» prohibiting the Marriage of Print*;

ALBEIT that at the Session of this Parliament holden by progacdn at Westm the fourth daye of November in the seconde yere of the Raigne of the Kings Majestie that nowe is, It was ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of the same Parliament, that all and everie Lawe and Lawes positive, Cannons Constitutions and Ordyn*ncf before that made by thauctoritie of Man onlye, whiche then did phibite and forbide manage to any ecctiasticall and spuall pson or psons of what estate condicon or degre they then were, or by what name or names soever they then were called, whiche by Gods Lawe inyght lawfullye marrye, and all and everie Article Braunche and Sentence concerning onely the phibic&n for marriage of the psons aforesaide, sholde be utterlie voyde and of none effecte; and that all manner of forfeytures paynes penalties crymes or acc&ns whiche were in the saide Lawes conteyned or of the same did followe, con&iynge the phibicbn for the marriage of the psons aforesaide, sholde be derelye and utterlie voide frustrate and of none effecte to all intentf construccfins and purposes, aswell conceminge mariage afore that tyme made by anye of the Ecctiasticall or

' This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edav. VI. c. \% 13.

147

SjSuall peons aforesaide, as also suche wdl thereafter sholde be dulye and laufully had celebrated and made betwixt the

peons whiche by the Lawes of God myght laufullie marrie Yet synce the makinge of the saide Acte, div*se evill disposed Said Act construed

psons pversslie takinge occafftn of &teyne wordes and sentencf in the same Acte comprised, have and doe untrulye and permririoiToF

verie slaunderouslye report of Priests matrimonye, sayinge that the same Statute is but a pmyssion of Priests matrimonye Marriage, and

as Usurie and other unlaufull things be nowe pmytted for the eschewinge of greater inconvenience A evillf, so that Le^J^fthe

therby the laufull matrymonye of Priests in the opynion of manye, and the children per eat & borne in suche laufull *Mue fte.

matrimonye, rather be of a great nombre of the Kings Subjects accompted as Bastardf then laufullie borne, to the great

slaunder pill and disherison of suche Children; whiche untrue slanderous reproche of Holie Matrimonye dothe not onely

redounde to the highe dishonor of Almyghtie God, but also to the Kings Majesties dishonor and his high* Corte of

Parliament and the lemed Clergie of this Realme, who have determyned the same to be most laufull by the Lawe of

God in their convocation, aswell by their comon assent as by the subscription of their handes; And that most of all is

to be lamented throughe suche uncomelye raylingf of Matrimonye and slaunderous reproches of the Clergie, the worde

of God is not hearde withe reverence, followed with diligence, the godlie pcedingf of the Kings Majestie not received

withe due obeydience, and therbye the wealthie Men of this Realme discouraged to nourishe and bringe up their

Children in Icarninge, so as it is to be feared least in place of good learninge and knowledge, shall crepe in Ignorance,

and for learned Men Unlearned ambitious Men and Flatterers, to the great displeasure of Almightie God and to the

perill of the hole state of Gods true Religion within this Realme, if spedy Remedy be not pvyded herein: Therefore Such Marriage*

It is Enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes spuall k temporall and the Comons in

this p*sent Parliament assembled, and by authoritie of the same Parliament, That the Matrimonye of all and everie Priest

and other ecctiasticall and spuall psons and pson heretofore had celebrated and made, and the Matrimonye of everie

Priest and other ecctiasticall and spuall pson w4 shall hereafter dulye be had celebrated and made, shalbe adjudged

demed and taken for true just & laufull Matrimonye to all intentf construcc&ns and purposes: And that all and everie ,the CM<lren

Children and Childe borne in any suche Matrimonye shalbe demed judged reputed and taken to all intentf construcc&ns infcriTVand*, Sic.

and purposes to be borne in laufull Matrimonye and to be legittymate and inheritable to Lands teiltf and other of

hereditamentf from and by anye of their fathers mothers and other auncetors ; in lyke manner and fourme to all intentf

construcc&ns and purposes as anye other Children borne in laufull Matrimonye betwixt any of the Kings laye Subjects

be inheritable.

And that by the authoritie aforesaide, aswell all and everie Priest and other ecctiasticall and spuall pson and psons Pf^,. rnl^iri1 be and shalbe inhabled to be Ten*ntes by the Curtesie after the deathe of their wieff of suche Lands tents and other "> * Tcninti by hereditamentf as their wieff shall happen to be seased of, of estate in Fee Simple or estate in Fee Tayle geSall duringe Courte*7 * thespousellf ; as also everie wief of everie suche Priest and other Ecctiasticall pson shalbe inhabled to clayme demaunde and their Wire* to have and enjoye Dower of the Lands tents and other hereditamentf whereof her husband duringe the espousellf betwene them was seised of estate in Fee Simple or Fee Taile genlall in his owne righte; in lyke manner and forme held by the Print* to all intentf construcc&ns and purposes as any other Husbande or Wief maye or myght clayme demaunde have or "the,r own Right-enjoye; Any Lawe Statute Ordynaunce Cannon Constituc&n pWipcon or Custome had made excised or used in this Realme to the cont*rye in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaye, that this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned shall extende to give litotie to anye pson to Aa *h*U not marrie without askinge in the Churche, or without the ceremonyes accordinge to the Booke of C5inon Prayer and authorize M*m»ge* Admynistrac&n of the Sacramentf, nor shall make anye suche matrimonye, already made or hereafter to be made, good, or'othertfi* whiche are phibited by the Lawe of God for anye other cause.

IV.

PnoviDED also, that this Acte nor any thinge therin conteyned, shall extende to alter chaunge revoke repeale or Pn»i*o for otherwise to disanull any decree judgment or sentence of Divorse heretofore had or made; or to chaunge or alter preriou*

the possession or inheritaunce of any Lands or teStf already discended ; But that they and everie of them shall ‘hi* A«. remayne contynue and be of suche like force effecte strenghe and degree to all intentf construcc&ns and purposes as they were before the makinge of this Acte; This Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the contrarie in anywise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the Declaraf&n of a Statute made in the one and thirtieth yere of Kinge Henrye the Eighte towchinge

Religious psons.

WHERE by an Acte of Parliament made in the thirtie one Yere of the Raigne of het most noble Prince of Recital of Statute famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight for and concerninge enhablement of pfessed and religious psons to ^IzbUng ^Reiigiou* purchase to them and to their heires in fee symple fee tayle for terme of lief for yeres or at will Mannors lands tents Per*™, to purchase rents annuyties and other hereditamentf and things whatsoever and that they and everie of them sholde or myght from * ’ thensforthe use and excise receyve take have and enjoye all and everie laufull thinge and things to be growen fallen or Pj0™0£ttmn h happened to them or any of them after the same derayment or departure out of Religion; and in whiche saide Acte of pen^ni should not Parliament there ys a pviso conteyned, that none of the same Religious psons sholde or myght at any tyme after the "0Hei"

makinge of the same Acte, be taken demed or judged for or as heire or heires inheritable to any peon or psons to any other*;

148

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1551-2,

Doubti on the Construction of such Proviso.

Religious Persons, formerly professed, declared enabled to take Lands descended to them fromthcir Ancestors, after the Time of their Deraignment or Departure from their Profession.

II.

But not under any Title accrued before such Deraignment.

purpose respecte constructor) or intent in the lawe, as by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteyned more fullie at large it maye and doethe appeare : And Forasmuche as sithe the tyme of the makinge of the saide Acte there hathe byne certeyne ambiguyties and doubts growen and arisen, and hereafter are like to growe and arise upon thexposic&n of the saide Acte, whether the saide late Religious and pfessed psons sholde or myght be adjudged liable to inherite and to be inheritable as heire or heires to any of his or their Auncetor or Auncetors, and to have and enjoye all and everie thinge and things discended growen fallen or happened to them or any of them, after the saide derayment or departinge out of Religion, yea or noe; For the full and playne Declaracbn whereof. Be it enacted declared and expounded by thauctoririe of this p*sent Parliament, and by thauctoritie of the same. That all and everie of the same late Religious and pfessed pson and p6ons, shall and maye by auctoritie of this Acte be enhabled to all intentf construcc&ns and purposes at all tyme and tymes hereafter to be taken demed and judged as heire or heires and inheritable to all and everie their Auncetor or Auncetors, and to have challenge enjoye receyve & take all Mannors lands tetitf and hereditamentf and ev’ye other thinge and things to them or any of them fallen come growen or descended from any their Auncetors by any manner Wayes, synce the tyme of their sePall deraymentf or departinge out of their Religion, in as ample large manner forme and condicbn as they had never bene pfessed nor entred into Religion; the same pfession or Religion or anye lawe custome or use within this Realme to the confrie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaies and Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That none of the saide Religious psons shall or maye by vertue of this Acte at any tyme hereafter be taken deined or judged for heire or heires inheritable to anye pson or psons, to any construccftn or intent in the lawe, by reason of anye former Righte title interest matter or cause, had made done discended or growen to any respecte or purpose before their saide sevall deraymentf or departingf out of their Religion: Any thinge before in this Acte or in the saide former Acte conteyned to the confrie hereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Stilt utcs against Forestalled Regraters and Ingrossers. deficient

Forestalled defined, via. Persons buying Goods or Victuals on their way to a Market or Port; or contracting to buy the same before actually brought for Sale; or endeavouring to enhance the Price or prevent the Supply.

II.

Regratora defined; viz. Persons buying Corn, Victuals, Ike. and re-selling them in the tame Market Place, or within Miles thereof.

III.

Ingrossers defined ; viz. Persons buying Com growing, or buying Corn or Victuals to tell again.

IV.

Penalties on all such Offenders; tst Offence, Two Months Impriton-ment.and Forfeiture of the Value of the Goods;

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte againste Regratours Forestalled and Engrossers.

ALBEIT div'se good Estatutf heretofore have bene made againste Forestalled of Marchaundises and Victuallf, yet for that good Lawes and Statutf agaynste Regrators and Ingrossed of the same things have not byne heretofore sufficiently made and pvided, And also, for that it hathe not byne pfectly knowen what pson shold be taken for a Forstaller Regrator or Ingrosser, the saide Estatutes have not taken good effecte accordinge to the myndes of the makers thereof: Therefore Be it enacted and declared by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Tempo rail and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That whatsoeV pson or psons that after the first daye of Maie next comynge shall buy or cause to be bought anye Marchaundise Victuell or any other thinge whatsoever, comynge by Lande or by Water towarde any Markett or Fayre to be solde in the same, or comynge towarde any Citrie Porte Haven Creke or Rode of this Realme or Wales from any Parts beyonde the Sea to be solde, or make any Bargayne contracte or pmyse for the havinge or buyinge of the same or any parte thereof so comynge as ys aforesaide, before the saide Marchaundise Victuellf or other thinge shalbe in the Markett Fayre Cittie Porte Haven Creke or Rode redye to be solde, or shall make any mocion by Worde tre [messuage' ] or otherwise to any pson or psons for the inhaunsinge of the price or dearer sellinge of any thinge or things above mencioned, or els diswade move or stirr any pson or p6ons comyng to the markett or fayre to abstayne or forbear to bringe or convey anye of the things above rehersed to any Markett Fayre Cittie Porte Haven Creke or Rode to be solde as ys aforesaide, shalbe demed taken and adjudged (’) a Forstallor.

Further Be it enacted and declared by thauctoritie aforesaide. That whatsoever pson or psons that after the saide firste daye of Maye shall by any meanes regrate obteyne or gett into his or their hands or possession, in any fayre or markett, anye Come wyne fishe butter cheese candellf tallowe sheepe lambes calves swyne pigges geese capons hens chekyns pygeons conyes, or other dead victuall whatsoever, that shalbe brought to any fayre or markett within this Realme or Wales to be solde, and doe sell the same agayne, in any fayre or markett holden or kepte in the same place, or in any other fayre or markett within sower myles thereof, shalbe accepted reputed and taken for a Regrator or Regrators.

And be it also enacted and declared by thauctoritie aforesaide, That whatsoever pson or psons that after the saide first daye of Maye shall ingrosse or gett into his or their hands by buyinge cont'ctinge or pmyse taking, other then by demyse graunte or lease of lande or tithe, any Corne growinge in the feildes, or any other Come or Grayne Butter Cheese Fishe or other dead victuall whatsoev1 within the Realme of Englande to thintent to sell the same agayne, shalbe accepted reputed and taken an unlaufull Ingrossor or Ingrossors.

And if any pson or psons shall at any tyme after the saide first daye of Maye offende in any of the things before recited, and beinge thereof dulye convicted or attaynted by the Lawes of this Realme or after the forme hereafter men coned, shall for his or their first Offence have and suffer emprisonment by the space of two monthes without bayle or mayneprise, and shall also lose and forfeyt the value of the goods cattellf and victuell soe by him or them bought or had:

1 message O.

1 for 0.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 14.

149

And yf any pson laufullye convicted or attaynted of or for anye the offencf abovesaide, be thereof eftsones laufuUie »d Offence, convicted or attaynted, that then everie pson or psons so offendinge shall have and suffer for his saide seconde XmpriVnitment and Offence emprisonment by the space of one halfe yere •without bayle or maynprise, and shall lose the doble value of all j*

the goods cat tell f and victuell so by him bought or had as ys aforesaide ; And yf any pson beinge laufully twise offence,

convicted or attaynted of or for any of the saide Offencf shall eftsones offende the thirde time and be thereof laufuUie convicted or attaynted, that then everie suche pson for the saide thirde Offence shalbe sett in the Pillarye in the and impruonment Cittie Towne or Place where he shall then dwell and inhabite, and lose and forfeyt all the goods and cattellf that he or twSre!* K,n8’* they have to their owne use, and also be edmitted to Prison there to remayne duringe the Kings Majesties Pleasure.

Provided alwaye and It is enacted and declared by thauctoritie aforesaide. That the buyinge of anye suebe Barley fir certain

Bigge or Otes, as any pson or psons, not forstallinge, shall buy to convert into Malte or Otemeyle in his or their y’£

owne house or houses, and so shalbe converted in dede; Or the byinge of anye suche thinge by anye suche o»u*to make Fysshemonger Boucher or Pulter as conceme his or their owne facultie crafte or mysterie otherwise then by f

forstallinge, whiche shall sell the same agayne upon reasonable pries by retayle ; Or the takinge of any Cattell Come Purchase* by Grayne Butter Chese or any other thinge above menc&ned, reserved without fraude or covyn upon any lease for tertne B*«chm^8rc. of lief or lyves yere or yeres heretofore made or hereafter to be made ; Or the buyinge of any wyne or other dead to retail victuall above mencioned beinge apte and mete for Mans susten*nce by [an' } Inholder or other Victueller to sell the Tn ac!ua? bcaan j same by retaile within his house or to anye of his Neighbors for their sustenance for reasonable pries ; Or the buyinge

of any dried or salted Fishe Heringe or Sprottf, not forstalled and solde for reasonable pries •, Or the buying of anye innkeeper*;

Come Fyshe Butter or Chese, by any suche Badger Lader Kyddier or Carrier as shalbe assigned and allowed to that office ^ retail

or doinge by thre Justicf of Peace of the Countrie where the saide Badger Lader Kyddier or Carrier shall dwell, wch shall Buying Corn,Pith.

sell or deliver in open fayre or markett, or to any other victueller or to any other pson or psons for the pvysion of his

or their house or houses all suche Come Grayne Butter and Cheese as any suche pson shall buy or cause to be bought. Badger*. &c.;

and that within one moneth next after he shall soe buye any suche Corne Grayne Butter or Cheese, so that the same

shalbe bought without forstallinge; Or els that any comen pvision made or hereafter to be made without fraude or Corporate, 8tc.

covyn by anye pson or psons of any of the things abovesaide for anye Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, or for 'ifaru^or

pvision of vittailinge of any Shippe Castell or Forte within the Kings Dnions without forstallinge whiche shalbe Garmon*.

employed onely to that use and purpose; Or the buying and pvision of any of the Victuellf above mencioned necessarie

and requisite for the furniture and pvison of the Inhabitauntf of Callice Guynes and other the Marches of the same, or

of the Towne of Barwicke Holly Uande or the Marches of Englande againste Scotlande, whiche without fraude or

covyn shalbe t*nsported and conveyed as sone as wynde and weather may serve to suche of the placf aforesaide

for the whiche the same shalbe so pvided, shall not be in anywise demed adjudged or taken any Offence cont*rie

to this Acte.

And It is also further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That yf any pson or psons after the saide firste daye of penaityV0,

Maie next comynge, havinge sufficient Corne and Grayne for the pvision of his or their owne house or houses and buying Seed-Com, sowing of their groundes for one yere, do buy any Corne in any Fayre or Markett for the chaunge of his or their equ^Q^ntity*of seede, and do not bring to the same Fayre or Markett the same daye soe tnuche Corne as he shall fortune to buye for the Cornin Store; his seede, and sell the same yf he can as the price of Come then goeth in the saide Markett or Fayre; that then everie suche pson or psons so buying Corne for seede shall forfeyt and lose the double value of the Corne so bought:

Or yf anye p6on or psons after the saide firste daye of Maye shall [by ‘3 any manner of Oxen Runtf Steres Kyne Like Penalty on Heyfers Calves Shepe Lambes Goatf or Kyddf lyvinge, and sell the same agayne alyve, unlesse he or they doe kepe fit L^CauhTand feede the same by the space of fyve wekes in his or their owne Houses grounde ferme grounde, or els in suche grounde re-telling the «ame or grounds where he or they have the herbage or comon of Pasture by graunte or pscripc&n, that then everie pson or wrtlMn *« Weeks, psons so buying and sellinge agayne shall lose the double value of the Cattell or things so bought and solde again •, the tnoyrie of all whiche forfeytures afore rehersed shalbe to the Kinge, and thother moytie to him or them that will sue Application for the same in any of the Kings Cortf of Recorde by Bill playnt acc&n of debte or informac&n, in the whiche Bill of 'Wtiev playnt acc&n or informac&n no wager of Lawe essoyne or ptecc&n shalbe admytted.

vn.

Be it also further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That the Justicf of the Peace in everie Countie within this Realme Justice* of Peace in or Wales at their Quarter Sessions, shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to enquyre here and determyne all and everie faultf and offencf ppetrated comytted or done cont*rie to this Acte within the Countie where Ofknce*. and anye suche Sessions shalbe kepte, by lnquisic&n psentment Bill or Informac&n before them exhibited, and by exauc&n ,nft,ct Forfeiture*, of two laufull witnes or by any of the same wayes or meanes by the discrec&n of the saide Justicf and to make pcesse thereupon as though they were endyted before them by lnquisic&n or by Verdicte of twelve Men or more; and upon the conviccon of the Offendor by informac&n or suyte of any other then the Kinge, to make extractf of the one moytie of the forfeytures to be levied to the Kings use as they use to doe of other Fynes yssues and anlciamentf growen in the Sessions of Peace, and to awarde execuc&n of thother moytie for the Complayn'nte or Informer againste the Offendor by Fieri facias or Capias, as the Kings Justicf at Westrft maye doe and use to doe: And yf anye suche Convice&n or Attaynder shall hereafter happen to be at the Kings suyte onlye, that then the hole forfeytures to be extracted and levied to the Kings use onelye.

And it is further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, that whatsoever pson shall at any tyme hereafter be puny shed offender*lpum«hed by vertue of this Acte for any thinge mencioned in this Acte, that then the same pson shall not otherwise be thii Act doll vexed troubled sued or putto anye payne or punyshment, for that thinge wherfore he or they shall have byn so other Pendtie*. punyshed.

1 any 0.

* buy Printtd Copies.

Qq

150

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c.14,15.

A.D. 155U2.

ix.

Proviso for transporting of Seed Corn from Port to Port fey Justices of Peace.

X.

Persons may engross Com, not forestalling it, if at or under certain Prices

per Quarter, via. Wheat, 6s. 8d.

Barley and Malt, 3s. 4d. Oats, 2s. Pease and Beans, 4s. Rye,&c. 5s.

XI.

Limitation of Prosecution for Offences, Two Years.

XII.

Inhabitants within one Mile of the Sea may buy Fish, fresh and salt, to re-sell.

XIII.

Drovers may buy Cattle to re-sell them in Markets 4C Miles distant;

being annually licensed by Justices ol Peace.

Provided alwaies and It is enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That it shalbe laufull to everie pson or psons, whiche shalbe assigned and allowed, by thre Justicf of the Peace of the Countie where he shall dwell, thereunto, to buye (otherwise then by forstallinge) Come Grayne or Cattell to be t*nsported or carried by water from anye Porte or Place within this Realme or Wales unto anye other Porte or Place within the saide Realme or Dnions, yf he or they shall without fraude or covyn shippe or ymbarke within [threscore'] daies next after he or they shall have bought the same or taken coven*nte or pmyse for the buying thereof, and with such expedic&n and diligence as wynde and wether will serve, to carrie and t*nsporte the same to suche Porte or Place as his or their Cockettf shall declare, and there doe disbarke unlade and sell the same, and doe bringe a true $tyficate thereof from one Justice of Peace of the Countie, or Maior or Baylief of the Towne Corporate where the same shalbe unladen, and also of the Customer of the Porte where suche unladinge shalbe, of the place and daye where the saide Come or Cattell shalbe disbarked unladen and solde, to be directed unto the Customer and Comptroller of the Porte where the same were ymbarked; Any thinge mentioned in this Acte to the cont‘rie notwithstandinge.

And over that that at all tymes hereafter when Wheat shalbe comenly at the price of sixe shillingf eight pence the Quarter or under, Malte and Barley at thre shillingf sower pence the Quarter or under, Otes or Otes malted at the price of two shillingf the Quarter or under, Pease and Beanes at the price of sower shillingf the Quarter or under, and Rye or Messelyne at the price of five shillingf the Quarter or under, (All whiche Quarters shalbe intended to be of London measure) that then it shalbe laufull to e9y pson and psons not forstallinge, to buy engrosse and kepe in his or their garners or houses suche Come of the kindes aforesaide as without fraude or covyn shalbe bought at or under the prices afore ex passed ; Any thinge in this Acte to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned extende not to chardge any pson or psons for any the Offencf above mencioned, unlesse he or they be sued for the same within two yeres next after suche Offence done or comytted; This Acte to endure untill the ende of the nexte Parliament.

(’) Provided alwaies and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe laufull to all and everie of the Kings Majesties Subjects, nowe dwellinge and inhabitinge or that hereafter shall dwell or inhabite within one myle of the mayne Sea, to buy all manner of Fyshe freshe or salted, not forstallinge the same, Sc to sell the same againe at reasonable pries; This Acte or any thinge therin conteyned to the cont*rie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that it shalbe laufull to all and everie pson and psons knowen for a comen Drover or Drovers, beinge licensed authorised and allowed in writinge by thre Justicf of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quop, of the Counde or Counties where the same Drover or Drovers shalbe most abidinge and dwellinge, to buy Cattail in suche Shires or Counties where Drovers have bene wonte in tymes past accustumable to buy Cattell, at thire fre libtye and pleasure, and to sell the same as is aforesaide at reasonable pries in comon fayres and markettf, dystant from the place or places where he or they shall bye the same fourtye myles at the least, so that the same Cattail be not bought by way of forstalling ; This Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the cont*rie in anywise notwithstandinge: Provided alwayes, that suche licence of Justicf of the Peace shall not endure above one yere, unlesse the same be yerelye renewed by so manye Justices as ys aforesaide.

Evils from the regrating and engrossing of tanned Leather.

None shall buy or engross tanned Leather to sell again, on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof. Application of Forfeiture.

II.

Artificers may buy tanned Leather for their Manufactures.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte againste Regratours of tanned Lether.

WHERE by the covetousnes of div’se gredie psons Regratinge and Ingrossinge all kynde of tanned Leather into their hands, and sellinge agayne the same at excessive pries to Sadlers Girdlers Cordwayners and suche other Artificers and Handy Crafts men as make Wares of tanned Leather, the Kings lovinge Subjects are enforced to buy the saide Wares at unreasonable pries: For Remedye and reformaeftn whereof. Be it enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same, That from and after the firste daye of Maye next comynge noe pson or psons of what estate degre or condic&n soever he or they be, shall buye or ingrosse, or cause to be bought or ingrossed, any kynde of tanned Leather to thintent to sell the same againe, upon payne to forfeyt the saide Leather soe bought or the just price thereof; The one moytie of whiche forfeyt shalbe to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde and thother moytie to him or them that shall sease or sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde, by Acc&n of debte bill playnte informacbn or otherwise wherein noe Wager of Lawe essoyne ptecf&n or injunction shalbe adinytted or allowed for the Defendaunte.

Provided alwaye and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all Sadlers Girdlers Cordweyners and all other Artificers suche as make Males Boogettf Leather Potts Tanckardf Barehidf or any other Wares of Leather, shall or maye buy all suche kynde of tanned Leather as ys or shalbe necessarie for their occupyinge to be wrought and made by them or by their §vauntf in or about their saide Wares ; Anye thinge before menfUned in this Acte to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

1 lx O. on an Erasure. Many Printed Copies read ‘ forty’ or ‘ xl ’.

• The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw. VX c. 16.

Provided also that everie Girdler and other Artificer before mencioned in this Acte, maye a his fire Will and Pleasure sell their Neckf Wombes and Shreddf of tanned Leather, suche as they or any of them cannot occupye aboute the Wares their

they use to make, to anye pson or psons without incurringe any forfeyt payne or penalde before exposed in this Acte; Leather. Any thinge tberin conteyned to the contVie notwithstanding.

IV

Persons licensed to export Leather may buy the same in open Market, producing such Licence, Sec.

Provided also and be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That it shalbe baufull to or for everie pson or psons, whiche nowe have or hereafter shall have the Kings Majesties spiall licence or licencf to t*nsporte carrie or convaye over the Seas anye kynde of tanned Leather, to buy for the fomyture of their saide licence or licencf in open fayre or inarkett such and so muche tanned Leather as he or they be or shalbe licensed to fnsporte carrie or convaye, so that the same licence or licencf be Rented and shewed unto the chief Officer or Officers that nowe have or hereafter shall have the govemaunce of any Citrie Towne Fayre or Markett, whereas the saide Leather or anye parte thereof shalbe bought. And so that the saide Officer or Officers seinge the same licence to be good Sc pfecte doe justlie and trulie write upon the backside of everie suche licence or licencf ho we muche tanned Leather he or they 'shall there have bought, and the certen daye tyme and place of buying the same, that therby it maye manyfesthe appere howe and when e$ye suche licence or licencf be or shalbe satisfied; Anye thinge in this Acte to the conrVie notwithstandinge.

y

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie abovesaide, That after the saide firste daye of Maye next comynge noe pson on*

or p6ons shall shippe or cause to be shipped to thintent to carrie fnsporte or convey over the Seas, as March'undise to be f*P°rt'"£ Boots, solde or exchaunged there, any Shoes Boots Buskyns Styrtoppes or Slippers, upon payne to forfeyt all and everie Forfeiturethereof, suche Shoes Boots Buskyns Stirtoppes or Slippers so shipped cont'rie to the true meaninge of this Acte or the value of or the Value. the same ; the one moytie of the saide forfeyture to be to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde thother moytie to him or them that shall sease or sue for the same in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, by accbn of debte bill playnte informacbn or otherwise, wherein noe Wager of Lawe Essoyne Ptecebn or Injunction shalbe admytted or allowed for the defendaunte.

VI

Provided alwayes and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That this Acte ne any thinge therein conteyned foT

shall not in anywise extende to be (Pjudiciall or hurtfuli to any pson or psons, beinge the Kings Subjects, for fnsportinge Etportatioa

tO Cm I Jiff and

or carrienge over the Seas unto Callice or the Marches of the same and unto the Isle of Man, so muche or as manye of 0fMaa. the aforesaide made Wares, as Boots Buskyns Stirtoppes and Slippers heretofore recited, as shalbe necessarie and convenient for the wearinge and furnyture of the Kings Subjects in them or anye of them ; Anye thinge in this laste Acte conteyned to the cont'rie hereof in anywise notwithstandinge.

Provided always and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That noe Sadler Girdler Cordewayner nor other VII.

Artifecer dwellinge within the Gttie of London and the Suburb* of the same, whiche shall cutt the same tanned in°London

Leather as is aforesaide to thintent to make Wares thereof, shall currie or dresse any of the aforesaide tanned Leather in cunyh in

his or their owne house or houses, or by his or their 9v*nte or 9v*ntes ; upon payne of forfeyture all and everie the e‘r ou$et’

saide tanned Leather so to be curried : The one moytie of whiche forfayture shalbe to out Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge

and thother moytie to the partie that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde by Bill playnte

accbn or informacbn wherein noe Wager of Lawe Essoyne Pteccbn or Injunction shalbe sdmytted or allowed for the

Defendaunte.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte againste buyinge and sellinge of Offices.

F)R the avoydinge of corrupfbn whiche maye hereafter happen to be in the Officers and Ministers in those Courts For voiding Places or Romes wherein there is requisite to be had the true admynistrachn of Justice or 9vicf of Tiruste, and to oSeetofjJetiee thintent that psons worthye and mete to be advaunced to the place where Justice is to be mynistered or any 9vice of or Pisces of Trust / Truste executed sholde hereafter be pVerred to the same and none other; Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our Penslty on selling Soveraigne Lorde the Lordes Spuall and Tempo rail and the Comons in this pVent Parliament assembled and by the "VceiWog or auctoritie of the same. That yf any pson or psons at any tyme hereafter bargayne or sell any Office or Officf, or Deputacon of any Office or Offices, or any parte or parcell of any of them, or receyve have or take any Money fee o/K«rc»ncrnX*"r rewarde or any other pfytt directly or indirectly, or rake any pmyse agrement coven*nre bonde or any assuraunce to receyve or have any Money fee rewarde or other pfytt directly or indirectly, for any Office or Officf or for the Receipt orControul Deputacbn of anye Office or Officf or any parte of any of them, or to thintent that any pson sholde have excise or of the

enjoye any Office or Officf, or the Depuracbn of any Office or Offices or any parte of any of them, whiche Office or keeping, arc. of Officf or any parte or parcell of them shall in anywise touche or conceme the admynistracon or execufbn of Justice, or ‘'^Fortress, or an y the Receipte controlment or payment of any the Kings Highnes Treasure Money Rent Revenewe Accompte Alneage Auditorshipp or Survaying of anye the Kings Majesties Honors Castellf Mannors Lands Teiitf Wood or Hereditamentf, " 1

or any the Kings Majesties Customes, or any [other'J admynistracbn or necessarie Attendaunce to be had done or executed in any the Kings Majesties Cuatome House or Houses, or the kepinge of any the Kings Majesties Townes

1 O. omits.

152

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c.16.

A.D. 1551-2.

On the Seller, Forfeiture of all Title to the Office sold

On the Buyer, Disability to hold such Office bought, &c.

II.

All such Sales and Agreements, See. declared void.

HI.

Proviso for Offices of Inheritance, Parkerthipt, &c.

IV.

Acts done by any Officer offending, before his Removal, declared valid.

V.

Proviso for Sales and Bargains made before ist March next after Act.

VI.

Proviso for Offices in the Gift of Chief Justices of K. B. and C. P. or of Justices of Assise.

Castells or Fortresses beinge used occupied or appoynted for a place of strenghe and defence, or whiche shall conceme or touche any Clarkeshippe to be occupied in any manner of Courte of Recorde wherein Justice ys to be mynistred, that then all and everie suche pson and psons that shall so bargayne or sell any of the saide Office or Officf Deputac&n or Deputac&ns or that shall take anye Money fee rewarde or pfitt for any of the saide Office or Officf Deputac&n or Deputac&ns of any of the said Officf or any parte of them, or that shall take anye pmyse coven*nte bonde or assuraunce for any Money rewarde or pfitt to be given, for any of the saide Office or Officf Deputac&n or Deputac&ns of any of the saide Office or Officf or any parte of any of them, shall not onlye lose and forfayte all his and their right interest and estate whiche suche pson or psons shall then have of in or to anye of the saide Office or Offices Deputac&n or Deputac&ns, or any parte of any of them, or of in or to the gyfte or noiac&n of any of the saide Office or Officf Deputac&n or Deputac&ns, for the whiche Office or Offices or for the Deputac&n or Deputac&ns of whiche Office or Officf, or for anye parte of anye of them, anye suche pson or psons shall so make any bargayne or sale, or take or receive any some of Money fee reward or pfitt, or any pmyse coven*nte or assuraunce to have or receyve any Fee rewarde money or pfitt; But also that all and everie suche pson and parsons that shall geve or paye any s5me of Money rewarde or fee, or shall make any pmyse agrement bonde or assuraunce for anye of the saide Officf, or for the Deputac&n or Deputac&ns of any of the saide Office or Officf or any parte of any of them, shall ymediatlye by and upon the same Fee money or rewarde given or payde, or upon any suche pmyse coven*nte bonde or agrement had or made for any Fee s5me of money or rewarde to be payde as is aforesaide, be adjudged a disabled pson in the lawe, to all intentf and purposes, to have occupye or enjoye the saide Office or Offices Deputac&n or Deputaf&ns or any parte of any of them, for the w* suche pson or psons shall so give or paye any some of Money fee or rewarde or make any pmyse coven*nte bonde or other assuraunce to give or paye any some of Money fee or rewarde.

And Be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie suche Bargaynes sales pmyses bondes agrementf coven*ntf and assurauncf, as be before spified, shalbe voide to and againste him and them by whom any suche Bargayne sale bonde pmyse coven*nte or assuraunce shalbe had or made.

Provyded alwaye that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not in anywise extende to any Office or Officf whereof any pson or psons ys or shalbe seised of any estate of inheritaunce, nor to any Office of Parkershipp or of the kepinge of any Parke house mannor garden Chace or Forest, or to anye of them ; Any thinge in this Acte heretofore to mencioned to the cont*rie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also that yf any pson or psons doe hereafter offende in anye thinge cont'rie to the tenor and effecte of this Acte, yet that notwithstandinge, all Judgementf given and all other Acte and Acts executed or done by any suche pson or psons so offendinge, by auctoritie or colour of the Office or Deputac&n whiche ought to be forfeited or not occupied or not enjoyed by the pson so offendinge as ys aforesaide, after the saide Offence so by suche pson cSmytted or done and before suche pson so offendinge for the same Offence be romoved from the excise admynistracon and occupac&n of the saide Office or Deputac&n, shalbe and remayne good & sufficient in Lawe to all intentf construccft n and purposes, in suche like manner and fourme as the same sholde and ought to have remayned and bene yf this Acte had never bene hadd or made.

Provided also, that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not in anywise extende to any bargayne sale gyfte graunte noiac&n bonde coven*nte pmyse agrement or assuraunce whatsoever it be, of or for anye the Office or Offices Deputac&n or Deputac&ns aforesaide, or any parte of any of them, had made done concluded or agreed before the firste daye of Marche next comynge; but that the same Bargayne sale gyfte graunte noyac&n bonde coven*nte pmyse agrement or assuraunce, had made done concluded or agreed before the saide firste daye of Marche, shall alwayes remayne contynue and be in suche force strenghe and effecte as yf this Acte had never bene had or made; Anye thinge before in this Acte mencioned to the cont'rie thereof in anywise notwithstandinge.

(' ) Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thauctoride aforesaide, that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not in anywise extende or be pjudiciall or hurtfull to anye of the Chief Jusdcf of the Kings Courts comonly called the Kings Benche or Comen Place, or to any of the Jusdcf of Assise that nowe be or hereafter shalbe; but that they and everie of them maye doe in everie behalfe, touchinge or concerninge any Office or Officf to be given or graunted by them or any of them, as they or ^nye of them myght have done before the makinge of this Acte; Anye thinge above mencioned to the cont*rie in anyewise notwithstandinge.

1 The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Gck>

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 17

153

CHAPTER XVH.

An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutf.

WHERE in the Parliament begonne and holden at London the thirde daye of Novembre in the twentye one yere of the Raigne of our late most dread Soveraigne Lorde of most famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight, and from thenC adjomed to Westfii and there holden and contynued by div’se Proga£6ns unto the dissoluc&n thereof, One Acte was made and established for the restraynt of carrienge and conveyinge of Horses and Mares out of this Realme; And also one other Acte was there made in the saide Parliament for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes; And also one other Acte was there made for the true wyndinge of Woolles ; And one other Acte to restrayne killinge of Waynlingf Bullocks Steres and Heyffers beinge under thage of two yere: whiche saide sePall Acts were then made to endure and contynue unto the next Parliament, as by the same [thre' ] se^all Acts more playnelye apperethe: And Where also in the same Parliament, one other Acte was made kand established for Atayntf to be sued for the punyshment of perjurie upon untrue verdictf; whiche Acte laste before rehersed was then made and ordeyned to contynue and endure to the laste daye of the nexte Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnlye at large ys shewed and may appere: And where also in the Parliament begonne and holden at Westfii the eight daye of June in the xxviij0‘ yere of the Raigne of our saide most dread Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight, and there contynued and kepte untill the dissoluc&n thereof, it was ordeyned and enacted, that all and singuler the saide Acts above remembred and everie of them sholde contynue it endure in their force and strenghe, and also be observed and kepte untill the laste daye of the nexte Parliament, as by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteyned more playnlye appeareth: And Where (*) in the Parliament begonne and holden at Westfii the xxviij11* daye of Aprill in the thirtye one yere of the Raigne of our saide most dread Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight, and there contynued untill the twenty eight daye of June then next followinge, it was ordeyned and enacted by thauctoritie of the same Parliament, that all and singuler the saide sev’all Acts above remembred, and everie of them and all Clauses artycles and pvysions in them and everie of them conteyned, sholde contynue and endure in their force and strenghe and also be observed and kepte untill the laste daye of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteyned more playnelye appereth: And where also in the last Session of the same Parliament, begonne at Westfii the twelveth daye of Aprill in the saide thirtye one yere of the Raigne of our saide late Soveraigne Lorde and there by div’se progafons contynued untill the xxiiij,k daye of Julye in the xxxij"1 yere of our saide late Soveraigne Lorde, there was one other Acte made and established concerninge buyinge of Fishe upon the Sea; And also one other Acte was there made in the saide Parliament for reasonable pricf of Wynes to be sett, as by the same two Actes laste recited more playnelye doeth appere: And where in the Parliament holden at Westfii in the thirty fyveth yere of the Raigne of our saide most dread Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight, one Acte was made for the pservac&n of Woods, to endure for seaven yeares then next followinge and from thence unto thende of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnly it doeth and maye appeare: And where also at the Parliament holden at Westfii in the xxxvij'* yere of the Raigne of our saide most dread Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight, and there contynued and kepte untill the dissoluc&n thereof. It was Ordeyned and Enacted, that all and singuler the saide Acts above mencioned and everie of them, excepte the saide Acte for the p'servacftn of Woods as ys aforesaide, sholde contynue and endure in their force and strenghe and also be observed and kepte undll the last daye of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteyned more playnely appereth: And where also in the Session of the Parliament holden at Westfii the fourth daye of Novembre in the thirde yere of the Raigne of our nowe most dread Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one other Acte was made in the same Parliament againste unlaufull huntinge in anye Parke forest chase or other enclosed grounde, w* Acte was then made to endure the space of thre full yeres to be complete and fully ended from the firste daye of Maie then next cfimynge, as by the same Acte more playnely appereth: And Forasmuche as all and singuler the saide sev’all Acts above menc&ned be good and benefidall for the Cdmon Wealth of this Realme, Be it therefore enacted ordeyned and established by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde, withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That all and singuler the saide sev’all Acts and Statutf above mencioned or rehersed and everie of them, and all Clauses articles and pvysions in them and everie of them conteyned, and also all and everie other braunche article and sentence conteyned in the saide Acte made in the saide xxxvij"1 yere of the saide late Kinge of most fiunous memorie Henrie theight, touchinge or in anywise concerninge the settinge of pricf of Wyne or the sale of the same, shalbe revyved contynued stande and endure in their force and strenghe to all intentf construccons and purposes, and shalbe observed and kepte in all things unto the laste daye of the next Parliament.

1 So in Original Act. 1 also O.

R r

Recital of certain Acta. viz. St.aiH.VIH. c.7. exporting Hortea;

ztH.vm. c.i*. making Cables, See. zj H.VIII. c. 17. winding Wool;

14 H.VIII. c.9. killing Waynlings »3 H.VHL c.j. Attaints on untrue Verdicts j

All continued by z8 H.VIII. cc.6, 8,9.

and further by 31 H.VIII. c.7.

33 H.VIII. c.a. regrating Fish 1

28 H.VIII. c. 14. Prices of Wines

3; H.VIII. c.17. preserving Woods 5

37 H.VIII. c.23. continuing all the preceding Acts, (except the last.)

3, 4 Edw. VI, c.17. unlawful hunting in Parks, See.

All the recited Acts, and the Provisions as to Wine in 37 H.VIII. c. »$. continued till End of the ensuing Parliament.

154

5° & 6° Edw. VI. c. 18, 19.

A.D. 1551-2.

Recital of Statute 4H.VII. c. 1 o> respecting the Importation of Wine and Woad in English Vessels only

Intent of the Act; Failure thereof;

From 1st February to 1st Octoberf in every Year, Wine and Woad may be imported, in the Ships of any friendly Country.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte repealinge a Statute made in the fourthe yere of Kinge Henrie the Seaventh againste the bringinge in of Wyne and Woade in strange Bottoms.

"TX THERE in the Parliament holden at Westfii the thirtenth daye of Januarie in the fourth Yere of the Raigne V V of the famous Prince of worthie memorie Kinge Henrie the Seventh after the Conquest, Graundfather to our nowe most gracious and naturall Soveraigne lieg Lord, It was emongest other things ordeyned established and enacted, That no manner of pson of what degre or condi&n that he were, sholde conveye or bringe into this Realme Irelande Wales Callice or the Marches thereof or Barwicke, from the Feaste of the Nativitye of S' John Baptist that after that was in the yere of our Lorde God a thousaunde foure hundred fowerscore and tenne, any manner Wynes growinge of the Duchie of Gwyen or Gascoyne, Or Woade called Tholouse Woade, but suche as sholde be conveyed aventured and brought in Shipp or Shippes whereof the saide late Kinge or some of his Subjects of this Realme of Englande Irelande Wales Callice or Barwick were Owners Possessors and Propriatories, and the Master under God and the maryners of the same Shippe or Shippes Englishe Irishe or Welshe or Men of Barwicke or Men of Callice or of the Marches of the same for the more partie, Upon payne to forfeyt the same Wynes or Woade so brought cont*rie to the saide Acte; as in the saide Acte more at lardge it dothe and maye appere: The whiche Acte was supposed to be made for the maynetenaunce of the Navie of this Realme, and also to thintent and uppon good hope and trust to have had the same Wynes and Woade at more easie prices then before they had bene; the experience whereof hathe ever sithen, and nowe of late most of all, appered to the confrie, for that the saide Wynes and Woade be daylie solde at suche excessyve pricf as hathe not before byne sene within this Realme, and the Navye of the Realme therby never the better maynteyned ; In considera£6n whereof Be it enacted ordeyned and established by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes and Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That from the firste daye of Februarie next comynge after the Session of this psent Parliament unto the first daye of October then followinge, and so yerelye and from yere to yere begynnynge at and betwene the first daye of Februarie and the firste daye of October, It shall and maye be laufull to all and everie pson and psons, beinge of the Parties or Countries in Amytie withe our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, to convey or bringe into this Realme Irelande Wales Callice or Marches of the same or Barwick, any manner of Wynes of the growinge of the Duchie of Guyen or Gascoyne or of anye other partie of Fraunce and Tholouse Woade, or any of them, in whatsoev* Shippe or Shippes Crayer or Crayers Bote or Boots or by any other meane, whosoever be or shalbe thereof Owner Possessor or Ppriatorie, beinge of the Parties or Countries in Amytie of our saide Soveraigne Lorde, Or whosoever be thereof Master or Maryner or Marriners in the same ; without any forfeiture or penaltie thereof to be had: The saide Estatute or any thinge therin conteyned to the cont'rie in anywise notwithstandinge.

Recital of Stat. aj E.Ill.st.j. c.u. at to Exchange of Money

Exchange made contrary to the aaid Act;

Penalty on giving or receiving more for Gold or Silver Coin than its Currency by Proclamation:

Forfeiture thereof, One Year's Imprisonment, and Fine to the King.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Actb towchinge the Exchaunge of Golde and Sylver.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westfii, the twentye fyveth yere of the raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Thirde, It was accorded that it sholde be laufull for everie man to exchaunge Golde for Silver [or Silver for Golde, or for Golde and Silver,'3 so that no man did holde [the same as exchaunged'] nor take no pfytt for makinge of suche Exchaunge, upon payne of forfeyture of the money so exchaunged, excepte the Kings Exchaungers whiche taketh pfytt of suche exchaunge accordinge to an Ordynaunce before that tyme made: Whiche Estatute notwithstandinge, divers covetous psons of their owne auctorities have of late taken upon them to make exchaungf, as well of coyned Golde as of coyned Silver, receyvinge and payinge therfore more in value then hath byne declared by the Kings Pclamac&n to be currant for within this his Realme and other his Dnions, to the great hindraunce of the Cdmon wealthe of this Realme: Be it therfore enacted by the Kinge our Sovereigne Lorde by thassent of the Lordes and Comons in this f?sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That yf anye pson or parsons after the first daye of Aprill next comynge exchaunge any coyned Golde, coyned Silver, or Money, givinge receyvinge or payinge any more in value benefitt pfytt or advantage for it, then the same ys or shalbe declared by the Kings Majestie his pclamaf&n to be curr*unt for, within this his Highnes Realme and other his Dnions, That then all the saide coyned Golde Silver and Money so exchaunged and everie parte and parcell thereof shalbe forfeyt; And the parties so offendinge shall suffer emprisonment by the Space of one hole yere, and make fyne at the Kings pleasure: The one moytie of the saide Golde Silver or Coyne so forfeyted to be to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde, and thother moytie to be to the partie that seaseth the same, or will sue for it by Bill playnt originall acc&n of debte informac&n or otherwise in anye of the Kings Courts of Recorde in w* suyte noe Essoyne ptecc6n or wager of lawe shall lye be allowed or admytted.

‘ or for Gold, or Silver for Silver or for Gold • a common Exchange

See Stat. 35 E. III. st. 5. c. 12. and Notes

• * there.

L

/4.DA551-2.

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c.20, 21.

155

CHAPTE R XX. (')

A Byll against Usurie.

WHERE in the xxxvij'" yere of the Reigne of the late King of famous memorye King Henry theight, father to Recital of Statute o' Soveraigne Lorde the King that now is, amongest other Acts and Statutf then made, it was enacted by c-9-

auctoritye of Parlament that no parsone or parsons, at anny tyme after the last daye of January in the saide xxxvij,k afore to perCmt. yere, sholde have receive accept or take in lucre or gaynes, for the Lone forbearing or giving daye of payment of anny some of moneye for one hole yere above the some of tenne pownde in the hundred, and so after that rate and not above of and for a more or lesse s6me or for a longer or shorter tyme, uppon the paynes and forfeitures in the saide Acte mentyoned and conteyned; The which Acte was not ment or intended for maynten'nce and allowaunce of Usurie, as Usury declared

dyvers parsons blynded with inordinat love of themselff have and yet doo mistake the same, but rather was made and uni*wful-intendid against all sorts and kyndes of Usurie as a thing unlawful), as by the tytle and preamble of the saide Acte it doth playnely appeare, And yet nevertheles the same was by the saide Acte pmitted for the avoyding of a more yll and inconvenyence that before that tyme was used and exercysed: But Forasmuche as Usurie is by the worde of God utterly prohibited, as a vyce moste odyous and detestable, as in dyvers places of the hollie Scripture it is evydent to be seen, which thing by no godly teachingf and perswations can syncke in to the harts of dyvers gredie uncharitable and couvetous parsons of this Realme, nor yet by anny terrible threatningf of Goddf wrathe and vengeaunce that justly hangeth over this Realme for the great and open Usurie therein dailye used and practysed they will forsake such filthie gayne and lucre, onles some temporall punishment be provyded and ordeyned in that bihalfe: For rkformacon wherof.

Be it enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlament, That from the firste daye of Maye which shalbe in the yere Recited Act of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fiftie and twoo, the saide Acte and Statute concerning onely Usurie rcPetIe<J-Lucre or Gaynes of or for the Lone forbearing or geving dayes of anny some or somes of moneye, be utterly abrogate voyde and repealed.

And furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, that from and after the saide first daye of Maye next 1L

cominge, no parsone or parsons of what Estate degree qualitie or condic&n so ever he or they be, by anny corrupt shall be taken on colourable or disceitfull conveyaunce sleight or engyne, or by anny waye or meane, shall lende give sett owte delyver "X Loin-or forbeare anny some or somes of moneye, to anny parsone or parsons, or to anny CorporacUn or Bodie Politike, to or for anny manner of Usurie encreace lucre gayne or interest to be had receyved or hoped for, over and above the some or somes so lent given sett owt delyvered or forborne, uppon payne of forfeiture the valewe aswell of the some or Penalty j somes so lent given sett owt delyvered or forborne, as allso of the Usurie encreace lucre gayne or interest thereof, and ^I^mnent, allso uppon payne of emprysonement of the bodye or bodyes of every such ofiendo' or offendo", and allso to make Fine,

fyne and rawnsome at the Kings will and pleasure; the moytie of which forfeiture of the saide vallewe shalbe to the King, and thother moitye to the ptie that will sue for the same in anny of the Kings Courts of Recorde by actyon of Debte Bill Playnte or Informac&n, wherin no wager of Lawe Essoyne or Protectyon shalbe allowed or admitted.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte for Tynckers and Pedlers.

FORASMUCHE as it is evident that Tynkers Pedlers and suche like vagrant psones are more hurtfull then necessarie No Tjnkt.ri Pedltr to the Comen Wealth of this Realme, Be it therfore ordeyned established and enacted by auctoride of this p*sent or Petty Chapman! Parliament, That from and after the Feast of the Narivitye of Saint John Baptist next comynge, no pson or psons pUce'to'pUce'01 comenly called Pedler Tynker or Pety Chapman, shall wander or go from one Towne to another or from Place to ^itho^,t Ljcence Place, out of the Towne parishe or village where suche pson shall dwell, and sell Pynnes poyntf laces gloves knyves ° W° l"t,ce, * glasses tapes or any suche kynde of wares whatsoever, or gather Connye Skynnes or suche like thinge, or use or excise the trade or occupac&n of a Tynker, but onely suche pson or psons as shalbe thereunto licenced, and that in suche Circuyte or compasse as shalbe to him or them assigned, by two Justicf of Peace or mo of the Shire where he or they shall dwell, by wridnge under their handes and seales; upon payne that everie pson whiche shall offende cont*rie to on)jty Fourteen the meanynge of this Acte shall by anye Justice of the Shire where the same Offence shalbe comytted, upon complaynt D«y*Impri»oninent. and due proffe had by witnes or otherwise, be ymprisoned by the space of fourtene dayes at the lest.

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

156

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 22—24.

A.D. 1551-2.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Acte for the puttinge downe of Gygg Milles.

Gig Mills

prejudicial

to the Manufacture

of Cloth:

Such Mills shall not be used; Penalty, £$. per Cloth wrought therein.

FlRASMLJCHE as true Draperie of Wollen Clothes ys to be comended, aswell in Forren Realmes as in this Realme of Englande, and all wayes and ineanes used to the cont*rie are to be eschued and taken awaye j And Forasmuche as in manye parts of this Realme ys newly and lately devised erected buylded and used, certen Milles called Gigge Milles, for the perchinge and burlinge of Clothe, by reason whereof the true Draperie of this Realme ys wonderfullye empayred, and the Clothe thereof deceitfully made, by reason of the using of the saide Gigg Mills; For remedy whereof be it enacted by the Kinge our Sovereigne Lorde the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same. That no manner of pson or psons, after the last daye of Maie next comynge, shall use or occupie anye of the saide Gigge Mills for the workinge of any Wollen Clothe or Clothes made or to be made within this Realme, upon payne of forfeiture for ev*y Clothe so wrought in or by any of the saide Milles called Gigge Milles, fyve Poundes: The moytie of all and everie suche forfeyture and forfeytures penaltye and penalties to be to the use of our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge and his heires ; and thother moytie to the use of him that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts be it by Writt bill playnte or informacon wherein the Defendaunte shall not be admytted to wage his lawe, nor any ptecc&n essoyne or injunction shalbe to him allowed.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the true stuffynge of Featherbeddf Mattresses and Quyssheons.

Beds, he. shall be stuffed only with dry Fcitheri or Down.

II.

Mattresses, See. shall be stuffed with Feathers, Wool, or Flocks. Forfeiture;

plication

'orfeitures.

FOR the avoydinge of the great deceipte used and practised in stuffynge of Featherbeddf Bolsters Pillowes Matresses Cusshions and Quyltf ; Be it enacted by thauctoride of this p*sent Parliament, That from and after the last daye of June next comynge noe pson or psons whatsoever shall make, to thintent to sell or offer to be solde, any Featherbedde Bolster or Pillowe excepte the same be stuffed withe drie pulled feathers or deane Downe onely, without mynglinge of scalded Feathers fendowne thistledowne sande lyme graved heare or any other unlaufull or corrupte stuffe; upon payne of forfeyture of all suche Fetherbeddf Bolsters & Pillowes and everie of them so offered to be solde or the value thereof.

And Be it further enacted by the same aucthoride, That from and after the saide daye, no pson or psons shall make, to thintent to sell or offer to putt to sale, any Quylte Matresse or Cusshens whiche shalbe stuffed withe any other Stuffe then Fethers Wool! or Flockf alone, upon payne of forfeyture of all and everie suche Quyltf Matresses or Cushens so solde or offered to be solde or the value thereof: The moytie of all whiche forfeytures shalbe to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde his heires and successors, and the other moytie thereof to any suche pson or psons as will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde or in anye other Courte, wherein noe Wager of lawe essoyne or ptecc&n shalbe allowed for the Defendaunte or Defendauntf.

Regulation* in Norwich for making Hats and weaving Coverlet*, See. evaded by Penons out of the said City:

None shall make Felt* or Thrommed Hats, or weave Dorneckt or Coverlets in Norwich or Norfolk, unless licensed by the Mayor, &.C. of Norwich; or having served Seven Years' Apprenticeship.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the makinge of Hattf Domyckf and Coverlettf at Norwiche and in the County of Norff.

WHEARE the makinge of Hattf Dorneckf and Coverlettf have of late bene begonne to be practised within the Cittie of Norwiche, in whiche Cittie there be good and pfytable Ordyn*ncf and Constitutions pvided and ordeyned for the p*servacftn & contynuaunce of the good makinge of the same Hattf Domex and Coverlettf ; By reason whereof the yonge and idle people of the saide Cittie to a great nomber have bene and yet be well occupied mayntayned and sett a worke ; And Forasmuche as diPse evill and covetouse disposed psons excisinge the mysteries of makinge of Hattf and weaving of Coverlettf and Domex within the saide Cittie, and not beinge brought uppe or practised in the saide Arts or Mysteries, to thintent they myght occupie and excise the saide Mysteries out of the saide Cittie of Norwiche where no suche Ordyn'ncf and Constituf&ns be made or pvyded, have withdrawen them selfes from the saide Cittie into certen Townes neigh aboute the same Cittie, where they doe and may occupie and excise the makinge of Hattf wevinge of Coverlettf and Domyckf deceitfully & msufficientlye without Controlment, to the utter decaye aswell of the saide Crafts and Mysteries as of the saide Cittie, yf remedye be not therein pvided : It maye therefore be enacted by the Kinge his Majestie with thassent of the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by thauctoritie of the same. That noe pson by him selfe or by his 9v*nte or apprentice, shall from and after the Feast of Seynt Michaell Tharkaungell next comynge, make or worke anye Feltf or Thrommed Hattf, or weave or make anye Coverlettf or Domex, or occupie use or excise the Mysteries or Occupac&ns of makinge of Feltf Thromed Hattf or weavinge of Domex and Coverlettf or any of them, within the saide Cittie of Norwiche or within the Countie of Norff, unles he or they that shall so make or worke any suche Feltf or Hattf, or so occupye the occupac&n or mysterie of makinge of Feltf or Hattf as aforesaide within the saide Cittie or Countie, be licensed and admytted so to doe by the Maior Recorder Stuarde and two Justicf of the Peace of the saide Cittie or by sower of them; Or that have bene apprentice to the same Occupacon and Mysterie of Feltf and Hattf makinge by the Space of Seven Yeres:

A.D. 1551-2-

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c. 24, 25

157

And in like case unles suche peon or p6ons that shall soe make or weave Domex or so occupie thoccupac&n or mysterie of Domex weavinge within the saide Cittie or Countie be licenced or admytted soe to doe, by the Maior Recorder Stuard and two Justicf of the Peace of the saide Cittie or by sower of them or that have been apprentice to the saide Mysterie and Occupac&n of Domex weavinge by the terme of Seven Yeres ; And unles he or they that shall soe make or weave Coverlettf or so occupie the Arts or Mysterie of Coverlettf weavingf or makinge, be licensed and admytted so to do by the Maior Recorder Stuarde and two Justicf of the Peace of the saide Cittie or by sower of them or that have bene apprentice to thoccupac&n and mysterie of Coverlettf weavinge and makinge by the Space and Terme of Seven Yeres.

And Be it also enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that noe pson or psons shall from henssforthe make anye Feltf or Hattf, or weave or make any Domex or Coverlettf as aforesaide, or occupye excise or use thoccupac&n arts or mysteries of makinge of Hattf or Feltf or weavinge or makinge of Domex or Coverlettf or anye of them as aforesaide, in any place out of the saide Cittie of Norwiche within the said Countie of Norff, but onely in a Corporate or Markett Towne; upon payne of forfettinge aswell of the Feltf Hattf Domex and Coverlettf and everie of them whiche shalbe made wrought or woven cont*rie to the forme eflfecte and tenor of this Acte or of anye parte or clause thereof, as also tenne shillingf for everie halfe dosen of the saide Feltf or Hattf, and of thre shillingf sower pence for everie Coverlett, and of six shillingf eight pence for ev*y sixe yards of Domex, so as ys aforesaide to be made woven or wrought cont*rie to this Acte; The one halfe of whiche forfeytures to be to the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde his heires and successors, and thother halfe thereof to the pson or psons that shall or will sease the same, or that will or shall sue for the-same, or for any parte thereof, in the Kings Courte of the Guyldehall within the saide Cittie of Norwiche or in any other of the Kings Courts of Recorde within this Realme of Englande, by acc&n of Detynue debte playnt bill informac&n or

otherwise, in whiche saide Acf&n or acc&ns suyte biil playnte or informac&n, noe Essoyne wager of lawe pteccbn or

forren plea to the Jurisdic&n of the Courte shalbe admytted or allowed.

Provided Alwaye, that all and everie suche pson and psons as doe nowe dwell or hereafter shall dwell, and excise the mysterie of Domex and Coverlettf making within the Towne or Parishe of Pulham in the saide Counde of Norff, shall and maye occupie and excise the makinge of Domex and Coverlettf within the saide Towne of Pulh*m as

they have heretofore used to doe ; Anye thinge in this Acte conteyned to the cont'rie notwithstandinge.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, that yf the Maior Recorder Stuarde or Justicf of Peace of the saide Cittie for the tyme beinge, or any of them, shall take anye some of money or rewarde for admyttinge of any pson to occupie or use any of the Arts or Mysteries aforesaide, that for everie suche tyme and everie suche case the p6on so offendinge shall lose & forfett fyve pounds, the one parte of whiche forfeyture to be to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, and thother halfe to him or them that shall sue for the same as ys aforesaide.

n.

None shall make Hati or weave Coverlett, fee. in Norfolk, except in Towni Corporate or Market Towns.

Penalties j Forfeiture of the Goods, fee.

hi.

Exception for Inhabitants of Pulham.

IV.

Penalty on Mayors, fee. receiving Money for licensing, £$.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for Kepers of Alehouses to be bounde by Recognizauncf.

rORASMUCHE as intollerable hurts and trobles to the Comon Wealthe of this Realme dothe daylie growe and encrease throughe suche abuses and disorders as are had and used in coen Alehouses and other houses called Tiplinge houses; It ys therefore enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lords and Comons in this (Psent Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That the Justicf of Peace within everie Shire Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Fraunchese or Libtie within this Realme, or two of them at the lest whereof one of them to be of the Quop, shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte within everie Shire Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Fraunchesse and-Libtye where they be Justices of Peace to remove discharge and putt awaye comon sellinge of Ale and Bere in the said comon Alehouses and Tiplinge houses in suche Towne or townes and placf where they shall thinck mete and convenyent; And that none after the firste daye (') next comynge, shalbe admytted or suffred to kepe any comon Alehouse or Tiplinge House but suche as shall be thereunto admytted and allowed in the open Sessions of the Peace, or els by twoe Justicf of the Peace, whereof the one to be of the Quop: And that the saide Justicf of the Peace or two of them, whereof the one to be of the Quop, shall take bonde and suertie from tyme to tyme by Recognizaunce, of suche as shalbe admytted and allowed hereafter to kepe any comon Alehouse or Tiplinge house, aswell for and againste the usinge of unlaufull Games, as also for the usinge and maynten'nce of good ordre and rule to be had and used within the same, as by their discrec&n shalbe thought necessarie and convenient; For makinge of everie whiche Recognizaunce the partie or parties that shalbe so bounde shall paye but twelve pence : And the saide Justicf shall &yfie the same Recognisaunce at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden within the same Shire Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Fraunchesse or Libtye where suche Alehouse or Tiplinge house shalbe j the same Recognisaunce there to remayne of Recorde before the Justicf of Peace of that Shire Cittie Borough Towne Corporate Fraunchesse or Libtye ; uppon payne of forfeyture to the Kinge for everie suche Recognizaunce taken and not ctyfied, thre pounde sixe shillingf eight pence.

And It is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That the Justicf of Peace of everie Shire Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Fraunchesse and Libtye where suche Recognizaunce shalbe taken, shall have power and auctoritie by this Acte in their Quarter Sessions of the Peace, by p*sentment informac&n or otherwise by their discrec&n, to enquyre of

For preventing Disorder! in Alehouses j

Two Justices may suppress common Alehouses

None shall keep Alehouses, unleu licensed by Sessions, or by Two Justices Recognizance of Alehouse Keepers for good Order, fee.;

Fee thereon, ltd. Certificate and recording of Recognisance, on Penalty of 6s. 8d.|

II.

1 of Maye 0.

S s

158

5° & 6° Edw.VI. c.25, 26.

A.D. 1551-2.

Sessions shall inquire as to Forfeiture of Recognizances, and issue Process thereon, and determine Offences.

111.

Persons keeping Alehouses, without License or against Command of the Justices, shall be committed, and give Recognizance not to do so, to be certified to the Quarter Sessions, who shall fine the Offenders zos.

IV.

Ale may be sold in Booths at Fairs as heretofore.

all suche psons as shalbe admytted and allowed to kepe any Alehouse or Tiplinge house, and that be bounde by Recognizaunce as ys abovesaide, yf they or any of them have done any Acte or Acts wherby they or any of them have forfeyted the same Recognizaunce: And the saide Justicf in ev*y Shire and Placf where they be Justicf shall upon everie suche fPsentment or informac&n, awarde pcesse againste ePy suche pson so pPsented or complayned upon before them, to shew whie he sholde not forfeyt his Recognizaunce, and shall have full power and auctoritie by this Acte to heare & to determyne the same by all suche waies and meanes as by their discref&n shalbe thoughte good.

And It is further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That if any pson or psons, other then suche as shalbe hereafter admytted and allowed by the saide Justicf, shall after the saide firste daye of Maye obstynatlye and uppon his owne auctoritie take upon him or them to kepe a conion Alehouse or Tiplinge house, or shall cont'rie to the comaundment of the saide Justicf or two of them, use comonly sellinge of Ale or Bere, that then the saide Justicf of Peace or two of them, whereof one to be of the Quop, shall for everie suche Offence comytt ev’ye suche pson or psons so offendinge to the C5mon Jayle within the same Shire Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Fraunchesse or Lifetye, there to remayne without bayle or maynprise by the space of thre dayes: And before his or their delyveraunce the saide Justicf shall take Recognizaunce for him or them so comytted withe two Suerties that he or they shall not kepe any c5mon Alehouse Tiplinge House or use comonly sellinge of Ale or Bere, as by the discrec&n of the saide Justicf shalbe seen convenient: And the saide Justices shall make Styfycate of everie suche Recognizaunce and Offence at the next Quarter Sessions that shalbe holden within the same Shire Cittie Boroughe Towne Corporate Fraunchesse or Lifetye where the same shalbe comytted or done, whiche c?tificate shalbe a sufficient conviccon in the Lawe of the same Offence; And the saide Justicf of Peace upon the saide Styficate made, shall in open Sessions assesse the fyne for everie suche Offence at Twentye shillinges.

Phovyded Alwaye, That in suche Townes and Placf where anye Fayre or Fayres shalbe kepte, that for the tyme onelye of the same Fayre or Fayres, it shalbe laufull for everie pson and psons to use comon sellinge of Ale or Bere, in Bothes or other placf there, for the relief of the Kings Subjects that shall repayre to the same, in suche lyke manner and sorte as hathe byne used or done in tymes past; This Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned to the confrye notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Acte for Writtes uppon Pclamac&ns and exigentf to be currant within the Countye Palantyne of Lancaster.

WHERE the Countie of Lancastr ys and of longe tyme hathe byne one auncyent Countie Palantyne of it selfe, in whiche Countye the Kings writt hathe not nor yet doeth not rune; so that the writt of Pclamaeon awarded upon any Exigende againste any pson or psons inhabytinge within the same Countie in any acc&n wherein pcesse of Outlawrie doeth lye, accordinge to the Statute made in the sixte yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde of famous memorie Kinge Henrie theight, cannot be directed to the Sheriffe of the saide Countie Palatyne, but unto the Sheriffe of the Countye next adjoynynge unto the saide Countye Palantyne; so that the partie dwellinge within the saide Countye Palantyne, againste whom any suche Exigend and Pclamafon hathe bene or shalbe awarded, hath not had nor hereafter can have any knowledge of the same suyte or pcesse; by reason whereof many psons inhabitinge within the saide Countye Palantyne without knowledge have byne Outlawed, and hereafter be in lyke manner like to be Outlawed, to their utter undoinge yf some spedye remedye be not the sooner provided : Be It therefore and for div*se other good consideraf&ns, Enacted Ordeyned and established by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Cdmons in this p*sent Parliament assembled and by the auctoritie of the same. That yf and whensoever any Writt of Exigend at anye tyme after the firste daye of Aprill next comynge, shalbe awarded at the suyte of the Kinge his heires or successors Kinges of this Realme, or at the suyte or suytf of any other pson or p6ons playntif or playntyfff in any acc&n or suyte in any of the Courts of our saide Soveraigne Lorde the CounltySp»laIine,* d Kinge his heires and successors Kinges of this Realme, comonly called the Kings Benche and the C5mon Place, againste Wiiti of k u any pson or psons dwelling within the saide Countye Palantyne, that then ymediatlye upon the awardinge of everie suche bTawarded under Exigend the Justice or Justicf before whom any suche Writt of Exigend upon suche suyte or acc&n shalbe sued, shall 6 Hen. VIII. c. 4. have full Dower and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte to awarde one Writt of Pclamac&n accordinge to the tenor and

to the Sheriff of r i _ t °

that County, and effecte of writtf of Pclamac&n awarded upon Exigendf, and comonly directed out of any of the saide Courts into County^* ld^°,ning London or into any other Shires of this Realme, agaynste any pson or psons dwellinge in other Shire or Shiers of this Realme where the Kings Writtf doeth rynne, accordinge to the ordre and forme of the saide Estatute made in the syxte yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kinge, to be dyrected to the Sherief of the saide Countie Palantyne of Lancastr, where it shall happen the saide Defendaunte against whom anye suche acc&n shalbe sued as ys aforesaide to be dwellinge, and not to the Sherief of any other Shire next adjoynynge to the saide County Palantyne; Any Lawe Tote and Return custome or usage heretofore used to the cont*rye notwithstandinge: And that everie suche Writt of Pclamac&n so to \vitluhe *Ezigen" be hereafter awarded to the Sherief of the saide Countye Palantyne shall have the same Teste and daye of Retome as

the Exigendf whereupon everie suche Writt of Pclamac&n shalbe awarded shall have; And that everie suche Sherief Sheriff shall nuke of the saide Countye Palantyne of Lancastr, to whome anye suche Writt and Writts of Pclamac&n shalbe directed,

Proclamation! shall make Pclamac&n of the saide Writt and Writts of •Pclamac&n accordinge to the tenor of the same, and shall

accordingly ; make true Retornes of the same, in suche Courte and Courts and before suche Justicf as the tenor of the same Writt

Writ! of Proclamation on Exigents for Outlawry under 6 Hen. VIII. c. 4. do not run in the County Palatine of Lancaster

inconvenience thereof;

On Writ of Exigend from K. B. or C. P. against Persons

A.D. 1551-2.

5° & 6° Edw.Y'I. c. 26.

159

and Writtf of Pclamac&ns shall requyre and demaunde: And that all Outlawries hereafter to be pmulged or pnounced againste any pson or psons upon any suche Exigend or Exigendf awarded agaynste any pson or psons dwellinge in the saide Countye Palantyne of Lancastr, and noe Writt of Pclamnc6n awarded in forme abovsaide to the Sherief of the saide Countye Palantyne of Lancastr, where the partie defeudaunte shalbe as ys aforesaide dwellinge, or not retorned, to be clerely voyde and of none effecte nor force in the Lawe.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That everie Sherief of the saide Countye Palantyne for the tyme beinge, shall have in everie of the saide Courts of the Kings Benche and of the Comon Place one sufficient deputye at the least, to receyve all suche Writtf of Pclamac6ns whiche shalbe hereafter directed to everie suche Sherief of the saide Countie Palantyne, for whom the same Deputye or Deputyes shalbe appoynted, in like manner and forme and upon lyke paynes as by the former Statutf and Lawes of this Realme other Sheriefff of other Shires or Countyes within this Realme of Englande be bounden to have in either of the same Courts: And that all suche Writtf of ■PdamacSns aforesaide shalbe delyvered unto everie suche Deputye or Deputyes of Recorde in the same Courts and either of them; and also like fees shalbe payde for makinge everie suche Writtf of pclamacons and for inrollinge the same of Recorde, as ys limytted in the same Estatute made in the saide sixte yere of our saide late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henrie theight.

Be it further enacted and established by thauctoritie aforesaid, That yf any suche Writt or Writtf of pclamac&ns, hereafter to be directed to any Sherieff of the saide Countie Palantyne of Lancastr, be delivered unto anye of the Sherifff of the saide Countye Palantyne for the tyme beinge, or to his or their Deputye or Deputyes in manner & forme aforesaide, and the same Sherief or Sherieff doe not make true retorne of everie suche Writt and Writtes of Pcldinactms into suche Courte and Courts out of whiche the saide Writt or Writtf of Pclamacons shalbe awarded, that for everie suche defaulte of non retorne everie suche Sherief for the tyme beinge shall lose and forfeyt fyve pounds; Thon halfe whereof shalbe to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge his Heires & Successors and thother halfe thereof to any suche pson or psons as will sue for the same in one ace&n of debte to be grounded upon this Acte, in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde, wherein none essoyne pteccSn or wager of lawe shalbe shalbe allowed or admytted.

Provided Alwayes that this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not in anywise extende or be pjudiciall to the same County Palantyne of Lancaster, fur or conSnynge suche lifetyes Fraunchises or p>vylegf as belonge to the same, or to any Ministers or Officers of the same Countye Palantyne, otherwise or in any other manner then by the true meanynge of this Acte ys before pvided and declared: Any thinge in this Acte mencioned to the cont’rie notwithstandinge.

Provided Also and be it further enacted and established by thauctoritie aforesaide. That yf any pson or psons dwellinge within the saide Countie Palantyne, after the aforesaide fyrste daye of Aprill, shalbe outlawed in any suche suyte or acc&n as ys aforesaide, that then all Writtf of special! Capias utlagaf, single Capias utlagaf, non molestando, and all other pees for or againste any pson or psons so outlawed, shall and maye from thensforthe be directed from tyme to tyme to the Chauncelor of the Duchie of Lancastr, who shall make like writtf and pcesse therupon, and of like effecte sealed withe the seale of the saide Countie Palantyne of Lancastr, to be directed to the Sherief of the saide Countye Palantyne for the tyme beinge, as heretofore hathe byne used and accustomed in suche Cases.

Outlawries without Proclamation anJ Return, declared void.

II.

Sheriff1 shall appoint Deputies in K. B. and C. P. to receive all auch Writs of Proclamation.

Feet, Jic. at by St. 6 Hen. VIII. c.4.

III.

Penalty on Sheriff not duly returning Writ* of Proclamation, j£y.

IV.

Saving for other Libert iea of the said County Palatine.

V.

On Outlawries under this Act, Writ* of Capias Utlagatum, See. shall he directed to the Chancellor of the Duchy, who shall issue Process thereon to the Sheriff.

( 160 )

Anno 7° EDWARD I, VI. A.D. 1552-3.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the First Day of March, In the SEVENTH Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD, VI.

€x i&otulo i&arltamenrt toe anno rejpri ttegte e&lbarDI &>exti,

a>eprtmo.

In PARLIAMENT!) inchoato et tento apud Westmonasterium primo die Martij, anno Regni Invictissimi ac Metuendissimi Dni nri Edwardi Sexti Dei gratia Anglie Frantie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris ac in terns Eccte Anglicane et Hibemice Suprem Capitis, Sepdmo, et ibidem continuato usq^ in ultimum diem did Mensis quo die dissolutum [ e . . . ' ] Comuni 3!m Procerum et Populi consensu, ac Regie Majestatis time presentis assensu, Inactitata & stabilita ordinata et inactata fuerunt hec Quatuordecim subsequent Statuta.

C)nL-i. c............•]

II. — 2. An Acte for the dissolving uniting or annexing of certayne Courtes latelie erected by the King that deade ys.

I. — 3. An Acte for the true aunsweringe of the Kinges Majesties Revenues.

IV. — 4. An Acte that all Patentees of Collectourehippes of Tenthes shalbe bounde for their Collections.

V. — 5. An Acte to avoyde the greate price and excesse of Wines.

VI. — 6. An Acte reviving a Statute made in the xvij,h yere of King Edwarde the fourthe, touchinge the carrieng

of Golde and Sylver out of the Realme.

VIL — 7. An Acte for the Assise of Fuell.

VIII.— 8. An Acte for the true fulling and thicking of Cappes.

IX. — 9. An Acte for the true making of White playne Streightes and pynned White Streightes in Devon and

Come wall.

X. —10. An Acte for the uniting and annexing of the Towne of Gatesyde to the Towne of Newcastell

uppon Tyne.

XI. —11. An Acte for the continuaunce of certayne Statutes.

(*) is. An Acte for the Dissoluf&n of the Bysshopprick of Durham, and also for the newe erecting of the same Bysshopprike and one other at Newcastell.

13. An Acte for the Restituc&n in bloudde of S' Edwarde Seymer Knight.

14. An Acte to make Denyzens the Children of Richarde Hilles and Nicholas Wheler.

1 illegible.

1 The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll: They have been added to show the Number of the Chapters in the Printed Collections, all of which contain XIV. Chapters \ Three of these, viz. Chapters XII. XIII. XIV. being the Grants of the Subsidies by the Temporalty and Clergy, and the King’s Pardon, are not entered on the Inrollment in Chancery. These are therefore now printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll t it has therefore been thought convenient to repeat the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter. Where the Act is printed from the Original, the Title is from the Indorsement on the Act.

’ Illegible. The Title indorsed on the Original Act in the Parliament Office is as follows : « An Acte for the Confirmaffin of Ires Patent^ notwithstanding the misnaminge of anny thinge contained in the same.’

* This and the Two following Acts have never been inserted in any Printed Collection of the Statutes of this Year.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c. 1.

161

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for the true aunsweringe of the Kinges Majesties Revenues.

FORASMUCHE as the Kinges Majesties Treasourers and Generali and perticuler Receyvoure and Bailiefes of his Honoures Castelles Lordeshippes Manours Landes and Tenementes Reverc&ns Possessions and other his Hereditam" in Englande Wales and Calice and the Marches of the same or els wher within the Kings Dominions, have not so justlye spedely neither dulye made yerely paimentes of suche some and somes of Money as hathe been by them and every of them received of the Kings Majesties Revenues Possessions and Profites into the Kinges Matta Treasourie according to their duties, but doo yerely deteine and kepe the same to their own gaine profiecte and lucre, contrarie to all right truthe and equitie, and to the manifest injurie wrong and hinderance of and to the King our Soveraine Lorde: Be yt therfore enacted by the King oure Sovereyn Lorde the Lordes spiritual! and temporal! and the C5mens of this pnte Parlament assembled and by the aucthorite of the same, That every Treasourer and Generali and particuler Receivour Collectour and Bailiefe and other Minister accomptant, whiche now ys chardged or changeable with or for the receipte of any of the Kings Majesties Moneye Rentes or Revenues whatsoever, not being bownde withe suretie or sureties by oblygac&n recognisance or otherwise to our late Soverayn Lorde the King, or to our Soverein Lorde the King that nowe is, for or concerning their Office or Offices, before the xx'h day of Decembre next coming, or at any time or tymes before the same xx*1 daye of Decembre, yf they or any of them be reasonably required, shall upon payn of forfeiture of his Office bee bownde to the Kinges Ma,ie by sufficient writyng oblygatorye in reasonable som or somes of money j The same writing oblagatorie to be made withe or upon condition that the parson whiche so shalbee bownden his heires executours administratoures deputie or deputies, or one of them, from tyme to tyme, shall yelde a perfeict and true accompte of all somes of moneye and other thinges, that the same Treasourer and Generali and particuler Receivour Collectour Bailief or other Ministre accomptaunt shall may or reasonably might be chardged with concerning or by reason of his or their Office or Offices, and also shall make paymentes of the same somes of money at suche dayes and tymes and in suche maner and forme as hereafter in this Acte is expressed and declared.

And be yt ferther enacted, That all and every pson and parsones hereafter to be named assigned or appointed to be Treasourer or Generali or particular Receyvour Collectour or Bayliefe or Minister accoumptaunt of oure said Sovereyn Lorde the King, shall before any their entrye executing using or exersising of his or their Office or Offices wherunto he or thei shalbee so nominated or appoincted, together with suretie or sureties, acknowledge and make sufficient and lawfull bonde and bondes to the Kings Ma,le, in suche Courte of Recorde wher the same Officer or Officers is or shalbee accoumptable and chargeable, that they their heires executours administratoures assignes or deputies shall truly accoumpte and pay all suche somes of money as shall come to their handes, or shall may or reasonably might be charged withe, conceminge his or their office or offices to the Kings use within the circuitf of their severall Receiptes and Collections, at suche or lyke days and tymes and in suche maner and fourme as ys abovesayd, to be conteyned in the conditions of every of the sayd bondes ; upon paine of losse and forfayture of his or their Office or Offices and of his and their lettres patentes of the same Office or Offices.

Be yt ferther enacted by thauctoritee aforesaid, That every Receivour of the Kings Majesties Honours Manours landes possessions rentes and revenues for the tyme beinge, or his Deputie or Deputies, shall yerely make his severall Preceptes to all and singuler the Collectours Ministeres and Bailiefes accoumptaunte within the circuite of his Office, charging and comaunding them on the Kinges Majesties behalf by the same Preceipte [tappeare' ] before them, personallye or by their sufficient Deputie or Deputies for whom thei will aunswer, within the Countie where the same Offices Bayliewikes Receiptes or Collections doo lye, at a certaine day and place in the same Precepte to be lymited, and to paye to the Kinges Majesties use, suche sdmes of money as thei ought to doo by reason of any of their said Offices, being due to oure said Sovereine Lorde the King at or before the feast of Easter, whiche thei have or may by any lawfull or due meane levie or receive within or by reason of their said Offices or Collections; and that the same Preceptes shalbe severally delyvered to every of the said Officers Ministers and Bailiefes accoumptaunt, or to their Deputie or Deputies, or elles be lefte at their Dwelling howses or at the Manour Lordeshippe or Place wher their Receipte or Collection ys or ought to bee, twelve dayes at the least before the dave of apparaunce to them geven and prefixed in the same Precepte or Preceptes. And if any of the sayd Mynystres Collectoures or Baliefes accowmptaunt, uppon or after any suche Precepte or Preceptes at any tyme hereafter made by any suche Receivour and being delivered or lefte in fourme aforesaid, doo make defaulte at the same day and place assigned and appoincted in and by the sayd Precepte or Preceptes, that then the same Collectour Minister or Bailief accowmptaunte so making defaute and not appearing as ys aforesayd, and being therof dulie and lawfullie convicted, in the Courte where the Revenue ys or shalbe aunswered, shall for the first offence lose and forfayte to the King our Sovereine Lorde his whole fee for that yere wherin he shall so make defaulte, or the value therof; And for nonpayment of the said money due and paiable at or before the sayd feast of Easter unto oure sayd Sovereine Lorde the Kinge, within or by reason of his sayd Office Collecc&n or Bailiewyke, shall lose and forfaict for the first offence of none payment syxe pens of the pownd, in the name of a peyne, for every monethe after the sayd day of apparaunce untill the same money shalbee by him or his Deputie payde to thandes of the said Receivour to the Kings Majesties use: And after the first default of apparaunce made by any of the said Officers, and an other Precepte by the said Receyvour be made and delyvered or lefte in fourme aforesaid, then the sayd Officer or Officers making agayn defaulte and being therof lawfully convicte as ys aforesayd, for the seconde defaulte and offence for none apparaunce shall lose and forfeite to the King our Soverein Lorde his office and fee; And for the sayd second offence in the non paiement of the sayd money due and

Neglect of the King'* Receiver*, See. ui accounting

Existing Receivers. he. shall enter into Bond to the King duly to account, *tc.

II.

All Receivers, &c. to be appointed in future shall, before entering on their Offices, become bound with Sureties for due Account and Payment to the King.

III. Receivers shall summon Collectors &c. to pay annually up to Easter, all Sums within their Collection.

Twelve Days’ Notice.

Penalty onCoDector for First Offence in Non-appearance, Forfeiture of hi* yearly Fees

For Non-payment, 6d. per Pound per Month.

Second Offence in Non-appearance, Forfeiture of Office and Fee s

1 to appeare O.

Go qIc

162

7° Ei>w.VI. c. 1.

A.D. 1552-3.

For Non-payment, lad. per Pound per Month.

IV.

Auditors shall summon Collectors, &c. to appear and account annually up to Michaelmas;

Penalty on Collectors, &c. for First Default in Non-appearance or not accounting. Forfeiture of their yearly Fee j

For Non-payment, 6d. per Pound per Month, &c. until Payment of Balance due.

Second Offence; for Non-appearance or not accounting, Forfeiture of his Fee and Office

for Non-payment, I2d. per Pound per Month.

V.

Receivers shall pay to the Treasurer, &c. of their respective Courts all Easter Receipts before aoth June, and all Michaelmas Receipts before aoth January j

Penalty, ad. per Pound per Day.

VI. Receivers shall account yearly in Hilary Term, or before loth March, and pay before aoth March j Penalty, Loss of Fee and Office, and 4d. per Pound per Day.

payable within and by reason of his Office Collec£5n or Bailiewyke, at or before the said feast of Easter, shall lose and forfeit adj d. of every pownde, in the name of a peine, for every monethe after the said last day of apparaunce and defaulte made as ys aforesaid, untill the sayd money shalbe by him or his depude payed to thandes of the sayd Receivour to the use of our Sovereine Lorde the King.

And ferther Be it enacted by thauctorite aforesayd. That all and every Auditour and Auditoures of our said Sovereigne Lord the King of His Majesties Honoures Manoures Landes Possessions Rentes and Revenues for the tyme being, or his or their sufficient Deputie or Deputies, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte yerely to make theire Precepte or Preceptes to all Ministers Collectours and Bayliefes accomptant, comaunding them on the behalf of our sayd Sovereine Lorde the King [tappeare1 ] and accompt before him or them personallye, or ells by their sufficient Deputie or Deputies, at a place certaine within the Countie wher the same Landes and Possessions doo lye, at the Kings Ma'1" Audite to be holden ther yerely between the feast of S' Michaell Tharchangell and the Nativitee of our Lorde God, of and for all Rentes Revenues and Profites due and paiable within or by reason of their said Offices Collections or Bailywikes, at or before the feast of S' Michaell Tharchangell next before the same Audite; Expressinge in the same Precepte or Preceptes the time and place when and wher the same Ministres Collectoures and Bailiefes accomptable, or their sufficient Deputie or Deputies for whom they will answer, shall appeare, the same Preceptes to be delyvered to the same Ministres Collectoures Bailiefes accomptaunt or their Deputie or Deputies or lefte at their dwellyng houses, or at the Manour lordeshipp or place wher their Receiptes or Collections ys or ought to bee, twelve daies at the least before the daye of apparance to him or them prefixed in the same Precepte or Preceptes: And yf any Minister Collectour or Bailief accomptant doo not appeare before the said Auditour or Auditours or his or their Deputie or Deputies at the sayd Audite according to the said Precepte, or elles yf he doo appeare and refuse [taccompte * ] for his said Receipte Collecc&n or Bailywike before the said Auditour or Auditoures, or his or their Deputie or Deputies, That then the said Minister Collectour or Bailyef accomptaunt so making defaulte and not appearing, or so refusing [taccompte1 ] as ys aforesaid, and being therof dulye and lawfully convicte in the Courte wher the Revenue ys or shalbe answerable, shall for his first Offence lose and forfeict to our Sovereyn Lorde the King his hole Fee for that yere wherin he shall so make defaulte or the value therof: And for the non paiment of the sayd Moneye due and paiable within his Collec£&n Office or Bailywyk at or before the said feast of S' Michaell Tharchangell, shall lose and forfaict to the King our Soverayn Lorde for his said first Offence vj d. of every pownde, in the name of a payne, for every monethe after the said day of apparaunce and defaulte made as ys aforesaid, untill he or his sufficient Deputie or Deputies shall accompt before the said Auditour or Auditours or his or their Deputie or Deputies for his sayd Receipte Collecc&n or Baylywyk, and also paye unto thandes of the said Receyvour or Receyvours all and every suche some and somes of money as shalbe justly fownde due by the sayd accomptant before the said Auditour or Auditoures or his or their Deputie or Deputies to the Kings Ma* upon the foote and determinac&n of his accompte: And after the firste defaulte of apparaunce made before the said Auditour or Auditours or his or their Deputie or Deputies by any of the said Officers accomptaunt being so warned as ys aforesaid, and after another lyke Precepte made and delyvered or lefte in fourme aforesaid. That then the said Officer or Officers that so shall make agayn defaulte of apparance for the sayd seconde Offence in making defaulte in his apparaunce as ys aforesaid, and being therof duelye and laufully convicted in the Courte wher the Revenue of his said Office ys or shalbe aunswerable, shall loose and forfaict to the King our Soverayn Lorde his Office and Fee; And for the seconde Offence in the none paiment of the said Money due and payable withe and by reason of his Receipte Collecc&n or Baylywyke at or before the sayd feast of S‘ Michaell Tharchaungell, shall lose and forfaict to our Sovereyn Lorde the King xij d. of every pownde, in the name of a payn, for every monethe after the sayd last day of apparaunce and defaulte made as ys aforesayd, untill he or his sufficient Deputie or Deputies shall accompte before the sayd Auditour or Auditours or his or their Deputie or Deputies, for the sayd Receipte Collection or Baylywyke, and also pay unto the handes of the said Receivour or Receivours or his or their Deputie or Deputies to the Kings use, all suche somes of money as shalbe justly fownde due by the said Accompt*unt upon the foote and determynac&n of his sayd accompte.

And ferther be yt enacted by thauctorytee aforesaid, That all and every Receivour and Receivours of the Kings Majesties Honours Manours Landes Possessions Rents or Revenues, shall make ready and full paiment yerely to the Treasourer or generall Receivour of the Courte wher his said Revenue ys or shalbe aunswerable, or otherwise as he or thei arre or shalbe appointed and assigned by sufficient warrant, of all suche somes of money as he or thei shall knowe to be due to our Soveryn Lorde the King and can by any lawfull or due mean obtayn get have or receive of the Rentes or Revenues of our said Sovereine Lorde the King withe or by reason of their Offices, being due at or before the feast of Easter, by the xx,h daye of June then next following at the farthest} And shall also make lyke paiment yerely of all their lyke Receiptes of the Rentes and Revenues of our said Sovereine Lorde the King, that shall be due at or before the feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell, by the XXth daye of Januarye then next following at the ferthest; upon payne of losse and forfeiture for every defaulte at any of the said days twoo pence of every pownde for every day that the said money so by them or any of them shalbe unpayd.

And also yt ys ferther enacted, That all and every the said Receyvour and Receivours or their Deputie or Deputies for whom thei will aunswer, shall enter into their accompte yerely in the Terme of S‘ Hillarye, and fully and clerely finishe the same accompte before the tenthe daye of Marche then next following, and make full and readye paiment of the money that shall appeare to bee due upon the foote and determinac&n of the same accompte, before the twentithe day of the said monethe of Marche; upon paine of forfaiture to our sayd Sovereyn Lorde the King their Offices and Fees and iiij d. of the pownde for every daye that they shall deteyne and witholde the said money without making any paiment therof as ys aforesayd.

1 to appeare O.

* to accompte 0.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c.l

163

And Ferther Be yt enacted by aucthorite aforesayd, That all and every Receivo" Collectoures and Bailafes of any the Kinges Honnoures Manoures Landes Tenementes Rentes or Revenues, for lack of paiment and levieng of their said Rentes Issues and Revenues within their Offices and Charges, shall and may have power and aucthorite from hensforthe by vertue of this Acte to distreine for the same, and to use and order the same distres in suche sorte and fourme as any Officer or Officers of the Kings Courte of Thexchequer for levieng and lack of payment of the Kinges Rentes and Revenues answerable in the same Courte heretofore have lawfully doon and may lawfully use to doo; delyvering to the ptie distreigned the surplusage and overplus of the valew of (1) such distres yf any shalbe, the Kings dettes and duties being first paid and the distreny'unt aunswered of reasonable costes: And that the heade and chafe Officer or Officers of every of the Kings Courtes of Revenue, being of Record or that shalbee of Recorde, shall have full powre and aucthorite by vertue of this Acte, to sett and assesse reasonable fines and amerciamentes upon any Shirief or Shiriefes for not returning or misreturning of any Write to them directed or delivered out of any of the same Courtes, touching or concerning the levieng or aunswering of any of the said Issues Rentes or Revenues, or of any dett due to our said Sovereyne Lorde the Kinge, in suche sorte and after suche maner and fourme as now ys or heretofore hathe been lawfully used in the lyke and suche other cases in the Kinges Highnes Courte of Thexchequer.

Be yt also ferther enacted by thauctoritee aforesaid, That all Treasourers and Chamberlaines and generall Receivours of any of the Kinges Graces Courtes of Revenue for the tyme being, and all Customers and Collectoures of Customes or certeyne and stalled Subsidies within any Porte Haven or Creeke of thys the Kinges Realme of Englande, that nowe bee or hereafter shalbee, within tenne dayes next after notice to him or them gyven from the King or syxe of his most Honourable Pryvye Councell in Writing signed withe their handes, shall by them selfes or theyre sufficyent Deputye or Deputyes for whom they wyll aunswere declare in Wryting what somes of Moneye then being due unto our sayd Sovereyne Lorde the Kyng bee at that tyme in his or their handes or custodye, and shall make readye and foil payment of all the sayd somes of moneye as then shall remayne in his or their handes or custodye over and above thordinarye paymentes and somes of money conteined and expressed in sufficyent Warraunte or Warrauntes resting and remayning in his or their Office or Offices, and being in their full force strengthe and effecte and not lawfollye countremaunded nor revoked to theyr Knowledge, to thuse of our Sovereine Lorde the Kyng, at suche tyme and in suche sorte as he or they shalbee comaunded and appointed by sufficyent Warraunte, upon payne of forfeyture of his or their Office or Offices.

And Be it ferther enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the same Threasourers Chamberlaynes and Generall Receyvoures by them selfes or their Deputye or Deputyes for whom they will aunswcr, shall yerelye before the twentye daye of June make a perfecte accompte of all suche Money or Treasure as hathe comen to theyr handes to the Kynges use yerelye at or before the twentye daye of Marche then next before the sayd twentye daye of June ; and shall make a pfecte and whole declaration in writing of the money remayning in every of their handes to the Kings Majestie or to his Pryvye Councell yerelye before the last daye of June then next following, and make payment of the same, at suche tyme and in suche sorte as he or they shalbe comaunded or appointed by sufficient Warraunt, upon payne of forfeiture of his or their Office or Offices.

And Be it ferther enacted, That yf any Threasourer Receyvour or Mynister accoumptaunte, or their Deputye or Deputies, doo take or receyve of any person or persons any 6ome or somes of money or other profite, of and for the Payment of any Fees Annuities PencSns Duties or Warrauntes, more or otherwise then he or they may lawfollye doo by [[ foreine * ] Lawes and Statutes therin provyded, That then the sayd Threasourer Receyvour and Minister so offending shall forfeite and loose for everye penye or penye worthe so to be taken or receyved syxe shillingf eight pens to the partye greyed, to be recovered in any of the Kings Courtes of Recorde by Bill Plainte or Action of Dett, in whiche sute no Wager of Lawe Essoine or Protection shall bee allowed.

And Be it also enacted, That yf any Auditour or Auditoures, or his or their Deputye or Deputies, whiche ought to XI.

take thaccoumpte of any Threasourer Receivour Chamberlayne or other Officer accoumptable before him or them, doo , deU^ing'to «ulit refuse or willinglye protracte and delaye the taking of the same accoumpte, in suche wise as yt can not bee finished Account* shall within the tyme or times lymited and appointed by this Acte for the taking and finishing therof, that then every Auditour oTXccTumaM so refusing or protracting and delayeng as is aforesayd and being therof dulie and laufullye convictc, in the Courte ■*2’u£ji"g ihwl^<j wher the Revenue or Chardge of the same Accoumpte is or shalbee aunswerable to the King, shall incurre forfaicte Df ,uch Penalty and loose suche lyke payne losse and forfayture as the Threasourer Chamberlayne Receyvour or other Officer above sayd shall and ought to doo by this Acte for not accoumpting of and for their chardges and Office or Offices, and therby the same Treasourer Chamberlayne Receyvour and other Officer that shoulde accoumpte and shalbee refused or shalbee protracted and delayed as ys aforesayd, shall bee dischardged of any payne losse or forfayture for not accompting as is abovesaid.

And Be it ferther enacted, That the Duplicate or Copie of every Accompte that shalbee made by any Treasourer or Copie* *Account* Receyvour or by their Deputie or Deputies in fourme aforesayd, within convenient tyme after the finishing of the same Acconpte, and at the reasonable request and costes of suche Accomptaunt, shalbee delivered to them or any of them, by Auditor* t subscribed withe thandes of Thauditour or Auditoures that shall take the same Accoumpte or of his or their Deputie or ,o1'

Deputies for whom he or they will answer ; upon payne that the same Auditour or Auditoures shall loose and forfaicte to the Kings Majestie Tenne Powndes for every suche Defaulte.

Provided Alwayes and be yt enacted by thauctoritie aforesayd. That this Acte nor anye thing therin conteyned Bishop*&c. *h*ll shall in any wise extende to chardge any Archebysshoppes or Byshoppes of this Realme, or of any other the Kings »ccount for Tenth* Majesties Dominions or any of them, at any tyme hereafter to make any maner of bondes or to make their accompte

* forirl O.

glc

■ e9y 0.

VII. Receiver*, *c. empowered to distrain for the King'* Rent*, ice.

Chief Officer* of *11 Court* of Revenue empowered to fi ie Sheriff* for Neglect in Return of Writ*concerning the King'* Revenue.

VIII. Treuurer* of Court* of Revenue, *nd Collector* of Custom*, thill account and pay, whenever called on by the King or Council.

Treasurer* shall account yearly, before 10th June, up to aoth March preceding, tee.

X.

Penalty on Trea*urer*, Ac. taking undue Profit* on Payment* made by them, <5*. 8d. for every Penny taken.

164

7° Edw.VI. c.1,2.

A.D. 1552-3

and payment of the Tenthes arising and growing within any of their Dyocese, due or to be due to our sayd Sovereine Lorde the King, otherwise or in any other maner and fourme then they or any of them heretofore have been chardged or accoumptable and changeable by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme; any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

XIV

Proviso for' Provided Alwaies that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to cause the Rentes Profectes and

Revenues of Calais. Revenues rising and growing to the Kings Ma,le within the Towne or Marches of Calice to be aunswered or payd otherwise or at any other dales or tymes then heretofore hathe been used and accustomed; any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

XV.

Proviso for Sheri ffs.Escheators, and CollrSors of Subsidies; except Tonnage and Poundage.

Provided Alwaies and be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall in any wise extende to touche or chardge any Shirife Excheatour or Collectour of any Dismes Quindismes Benevolences ContribucSns or Subsidies (Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage onely excepte); but that they and every of them shall and maye doo and exersise their sayd severall Offices, and paye suche somes of Moneye as they or any of them bee or hereafter shalbee chardged withall by their sayd severall Offices, in suche and lyke sorte maner and fourme as they and every of them have usually doon or shoulde or ought to doo if this Acte hadd never been hadd or made; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Establishment of the Court of Augmentations, by Statute 27 H.VIII. c. 27 ; Court of First Fruits, by Stat. 32H.VIH. c. 45; Court of Wards, by 32H.VIII. c.46. Court of General Surveyors, by 33 H.VIII. c.39. Court of the Duchy of Lancaster. Dissolution of the Courts of Augmentation and Surveyors by King Henry VIII. Erection of new Court of Augmentations by hit Letters Patent; Doubts resulting from such Dissolution, tee.

The said Letters Patents declared valid.

II.

The King empowered, during his Life, to dissolve or unite or change any of the said Courts, and erect new Courts, kc. by his Letters Patents.

CHAPTER U.

An Acte for the dissolving uniting or annexing of certayne Courtes latelie erected by the King that deade ys.

WHERE in the xxvij yere of the late King of famous memorie King Henry theight father to the Kings Majestie that nowe ys, ther was ordeined made established and enacted by thaucthorite of Pliament a certeine Courte comunely called the Courte of Thaugmentacons of the Revenues of the Kings Crowne; And wher also in the xxxij yere of the said late King, ther was made and erected by aucthorite of Pleament Two severall Courtes, thone comunely called the Courte of the First Fruictes and [and' ] Tenthes, and thother the Courte of the Kinges Wardes; And where also in the xxxiij yere of the said late King, ther was made established and erected by aucthoritee of Pleament, one Courte comunely called The Courte of the Generali Surveighours of the Kings Landes; And wher ther ys one other Courte comunely called the Courte of the Duchie of Lancaster; After whiche said severall Courtes so erected as ys aforesayd, the said late King did repeale and dissolve, extinguishe and determyne, aswell the said Courte of Augmentac&n of the Revenues of the Kings Crowne, as also the said Courte of Generali Surveiours of the Kinges Landes, and Thofficers of the said late Courtes of Thaugmentacons of the Kings Crowne and Generali Surveighours of the Kings Landes did surrendre their Patentes and Offices into the sayd late Kings handes; and after, the sayd late Kyng dyd by his ires patentes erect one other Courte called The Court of Augmentac&n and Revenues of the Kings Croune, and dyd by the same his tres patentes constitute and appoint divers Officers and Mynisters for the suplyenge therof, as by the same tres patentes more playnely and at large it maye and doethe appeare: And Forasmuche as sens therecc&n of the sayd Courte of Augmentacbn and Revenues of the Kings Croune, stablyshedd and erected by tres patentf as is aforesayd, divers ambiguities and doubtes have risen and growen emong suche as be learned in the lawes of the Realme, whether [the dissolving or extinguishing and repealing of*] the sayd late Courtes erected by aucthoritee of Pleament as ys aforesayd, might by thorder of the lawe bee dissolved extinguished and repealed by tres patentes, considering that the commencement of them were first hadd and made by aucthorite of Pliament, yea or no, Wheruppon great inconveniences might ensue aswell to the Kings Majestie as to divers of his Graces most loving and obedient Subjectes who have hadd, by exchaung purchace gyfte or otherwise, divers Manours landes tenementes and other hereditamentes: For Remedy and declarac&n wherof, Bee It enacted by the King our Soverein Lorde and the Lordes and Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thauctoritee of the same, That the said tres patentes so made by the sayd late King, and all and every thing and article therin conteyned, shalbe as good available and effectuall in the Lawe to all ententes construccons and purposes, as thoughe the same hadd been made and doon by aucthoritee of Pliament.

And Be it ferther enacted by aucthorite aforesaid, That the Kings Majestie shall or maye at any time duringe his naturall lyes (whiche God long preserve), by his Graces tres patentes under his Great Seale of Englande, at his most gracious will and pleasure, altre chaunge unite transpose dissolve or determine all or any of the saide Courte or [Courte,1 ] and to reduce the same Courtes or any of them into one two or more Courte or Courtes, or to unite and annexe the said Courtes or any two or more of them together or to any other of his Majesties Courtes of Recorde; or to erecte any other new Courte or Courtes [or Courtes4] as to hisHighnes shalbe thought most convenient and beste for the better surer and more spedye aunswering of his yerely revenues casualties or profectes now aunswerable in the said Courtes, or in any of them: And that all and singuler suche alterations chaungingf unitingf annexingf transposinges dissolvingf or determinac&ns of the sayd Courtes or of any of them, so to bee altred chaunged united aiiexed transposed dissolved or determined, or otherwise newly to be erected as ys aforesayd, and conceminge any order for the true [paimentezJ ] of the Revenues Rentes Issues Casualties and Profighttis of o' sayd Soverein Lorde the King, as shalbe sett for the and declared

1 4 Erroneous Repetitions on the Roll.

* the dissolvinge extinguishinge and repealinge of 0.—but tht Words are superfluous. 5 Courtes O. * payment O.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 2, 3.

165

in any suche ires patentes or writing under his greate Seale of Englande hereafter to be made sett for the and declaryd, shall bee of suche lyke and of the same forse and strengthe to all ententes construcc&ns and purposes as thoughe the same were or should have been settfourthe or declared by aucthoritee of Pliament; the said severall erections or any other thing heretofore hadd or made to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided Alway and Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That any thing conteyned in the said ires patentes Orders in uv such made by the sayd late King, or in the ires patentes hereafter to bee made by the Kings Highnes that now yS, concerning any peines penalties rules or ordres made or to bee made for the levieng of the Kings Revenues rentes issues casualties diall not intend to or profeictes, shall not in any wise extende to chardge any of the Kings Subjectes in any other maner or fourme, then ^'^/y^LaC? they or any of them ought laufully to have been chardged by the lawes of the Realme before the first day of this pnte Pleament, or by any Statute made or to be made in this pnte Session of Plement.

IV.

Provided Also and bee yt ferther enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the sayd tres patentes made in the tyme officer* of such of the said late King, or any other tres patentes hereafter to be made by the Kings Highnes that nowe ys, or any not

thing or matter conteyned in this Acte, shall not in any wise extende to geve any powre or aucthoritee to the any Cause* but Chauncelour and Generali Surveyghours of the sayd Courte of Thaugmentacbn and Revenues of the Kings Crowne, "

or to any Officer or Officers of the same Courte, or to any other Courte or Courtes hereafter to bee erected by the Kings Majestie as ys aforesayd, or to any other Officer or Officers to be appointed in any of the same Courtes hereafter to be erected by the Kings Highnes as ys aforesayd, to heare or determyne any plee matter or cause betwen any of the Kings Subjectes, but onely in suche cace wher the Kings Highnes is onely a mere and a sole partye.

Saving to all and every persone and persons and Bodyes polytike and corporate and to every of them suche Offices of Stewardshippes Offices of Mastershippes of any Game or Games Kepers of Forestes Chaces Parkes Howses and Castelles and the profictes theronto belonging, and all Rentes Annuiiies and Fees as they or any of them have or ought to have yf this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made.

V.

(') Provided Alwais and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall iwiso for in any wyse extende or bee construed to take awaye extincte or determyne, from any person or persones their heires successoures or assignes or from any of them, any fees annuitees pencons stipendes or annuall paiementes of any somes Stipend* to Officer* of moneye whiche thei or any of them have or of right myght or ought lawfully to have, by any Ires patentes or in,uchCou^t,• other sufficient writing made before the xxvj'" day of Marche in the seventhe yere of (1) our Sovereyn Lorde the King that now ys; but that all and every persone and persones their heires successoures executoures and assignes and every of them, whiche have or hereafter shall have any fee annuitee stipende pention or annuall payment of any some or somes of money payable yerely in any of the said Courtes, or by thandes of any Officer or Officers of any of the same Courtes, shall and maye perceive take and rescive the same, and shall yerely therof be payd of the Kings Treasure, at the daye and times comprised in suche tres patentes or other writings, in any of the sayd Courtes wher now the same is or ought to bee payable, as long as the sayd Courte shall remayn and have any being, And after in suche Court or Courtes as shall please the King newly to erect, by thandes of thofficers of the same Courte; and for defaulte therof in any of the Kings Courtes wherin sufficient Revenue shalbee to aunswer the same of the Kings Treasure ther by thandes of thofficers of the same Courte; in suche lyke maner and fourme as the same persone and persones their heires executours and assignes or any of them should and might have doon or been payde in any other Place or Courte yf this Act hadd never been hadd or made; any thing in this Act concerned or any other thing hereafter to be doon by reason colour or aucthoritee of this Acte to the contrary therof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER m.

An Acte for the Confirmation of tres Patentf notwithstanding the misnaminge of anny thinge contained in the same.

WHEREAS in the Session of the Parleament holden upon prorogation at Westminster the xxij* daie of Januarie in the foure and thritye yere of the Reigne of the late Kyng of famous memorye King Henrye theight and there continued and kepte untill the twelvethe daye of Maye in the fyve and threttye yere of the reigne of the said late King, emonges dyvers (*) sundrye and many Statutes, ther was then one Statute made for the confirmation of tres patentes notwithstanding any misnaming misprison or misrehersall or any other Defaulte concerned or rehearsed in the same Acte, wherin it was provided and enacted by thauctoritie of the same Parleament, That all and singler suche Patentees Grauntees and Donees, as at any tyme from the making of the same Statute during Seven Yeres then next followeng shoulde fortune to have or obteine any Castelles Mannoures landes tenementes tithes pensions portyons or other hereditamentes, of the gifte graunte sale or exchaung of the Kinges Majestie, or of thonelye gifte of the Kinges Majestie of his most liberall disposition and not solde, whiche at the daye of the date of the Lettres Patentes therof made shoulde be of more and better yerely value to the King in yerelye rent and ferme then should bee conteyned mentioned or specifycd in anye suche Letters Patentes and particulers therof made by the Auditour or Auditoures, and in suche Bill or Billes as should be signed and sealed withe the Iiandc or Handes of the Patentee or Patentees therof to be exhibited to the Kynges Majestie, or his Officer or Officers within whose Surveighe the sayd Manours landes and tenementes and other the premisses or any parte therof should bee or within any of them, whiche Bill shoulde be signed sealed hadd and made

Recital of Statute

34. 3J H.VIII.

c. SI. for Confirmation of Letter* Patent*

f 6. respecting Kccompence to the King for Land* of Value greater than c* pressed in Letter* Patents, or in the Rill for

1 The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

the Rcisrne of ().

Vot.IV.

V u

D|

166

7° Edw. VI. c. 3.

A.D. 1552-3.

Recital of Stat. l Edw. VI. c. 8. §4- for the like Purposes;

Loss or Defect of Bills for originating such Grants;

All Grants of Lands by the King declared ralid, notwithstanding the Deficiency of such Bills.

II.

For Lands of greater Value than specified in the King's Grants, the Patentee shall make Ilecompence to the King, at any Time within Sixteen Years after the Date of the Grant.

as is aforesaid before any Billes shoulde be therof signed by the Kinges Majestie, That thin every of the sayd Patentees Grauntees and Donees their heires executoures and administratoures, within one Yere next after due proofe and decree therof had and made in the Courte within whos surveighe the same Castelles mannoures landes tenementes and other the premisses or any part therof then shoulde bee, should content and paye unto the King, for the same overplus and more value for the same Manoures tenementes tythes penc&ns porc&ns and other hereditamentes to him solde or exchaunged, after suche rate as thother landes and teiites were before to him solde or exchaunged ; and for the overplus and more value of suche landes and teiites as shoulde happen to be geven by the Kinges Ma‘* and not solde as ys abovesayd, the sayd Patentee his heires executours or administratoures [---'] content and paye to the King after the Rate of xx* yeres

purchace, so that the same proofe and decree were hadd [ - - - -................*] within tenne yeres next after the date

of the said Letters Patentes j as by the same Statute more at large it doethe and maye appeare : And also Wheras in the Pleament begunc at Westminster the fourthe daye of November in the first yere of the Reigne of or most dread Sovereine Lorde the King that now ys, Kinge Edwarde the Sixthe, and from thens continued to the xxiiij"1 daye of December then next ensuing, That ys to seye the first Session of the same Plament, emoiist divers and sundry Statutes, ther was then also one other Statute made for the confirmaf&n of Ires Patentes, notwithstandinge any mysnaming misrehersall or any other defaulte conteined or rehersed in the same Acte ; wherin also yt was provided and enacted by thauctoritie of the same Pleament, That all and singier suche Patentees Grauntees and Donees, as at any tyme after the sayd Pleament and during the lyes of our said Sovereyn Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe should fortune to have or obteyne any Castles manours landes tenementis tythes pensyons porc&ns or other hereditamentes, of the Gifte graunte sale or exchaunge of the Kings Majestie, or of thonely gifte of the Kings Majestie of his most lyberall disposition and not solde, whiche at the day of the Date of the Ires Patentes therof made should bee of more or better yerely value to the King in yerely rent and ferme then should bee conteyned mencioned and specified in any suche tres Patentes and particulers therof made by the particuler Surveyour or Surveyours therof, and in suche Bill or Billes as shoulde be signed and sealed withe thande or handes of the Patentee or Patentees therof to be exhibited to the Kings Ma", or his Officer or Officers within whose Surveye the sayd Manours landes and tenementes and other the premisses or any parte therof shoulde bee or within any of them, whiche Bill shoulde bee signed sealed hadd and made as ys aforesayd before any Byll shoulde be therof signed by the Kings Majestie, that then everie of the said Patentees Grauntees and Donees their heires executoures or administratoures, within one yere next after due proofe and decrees therof made and hadd in the Courte within whos Surveye the same Castelles manours landes teneinentf and other the premisses or any parcell therof before the said gyftes and grauntes were, should contente and paye to the King for the same overplus and more value of the same Manours lands tenementf tythes penc&ns porc&ns and other hereditamentes to him solde [and8] exchanged, after suche Rate as other landes and tenementes were before to him solde or exchaunged, and for thoverplus and more value of suche landes and tenementes as should happen to be gyven by the Kings Mall* and not solde as ys abovesayd the sayd Patentees their Hares executoures or administratoures should content and pay to the King after the Rate of twentye yeres purchace; so that the same proofe and decree were hadd and made in manner and fourme aforesaid within tenne Yeres next after the date of the same tres Patentf ; as by the same Statute more at large yt doeth and may appeare: Sythens the making of whiche Statutes divers of the said Patentees Grauntees and Donees, according to the true meaning and intent of the sayde Statutes and Provisions of the same, have by their Billes severall signed and sealed withe thandes and seales of the sayd Patentees, exhibited to the Kings Majestie or to his Officer mencioned in the said severall Actes and Provisions before the same Bill were signed by the said late King or by the Kinges Highnes that now ys, whiche Bylies (4) signed by the said Patentees sometime by the negligence of the same Officers or their Clarckes, sometyme by the Deathe of the same Officer and sometime by thalterac&n or chaunge of the sayd Officers, many of the said Billes so signed and sealed bee nowe by neglygence embeaseled and lost, and many tymes ther hath been no suche Billes made but omitted and forgotten, by reason wherof divers questions ambiguitees and doubtes may arise, aswell for the Kings suretie and satisfacc&n as for the Patentees their heires and assignes: For thadvoydinge of all whiche ambiguities questions and doubtes. Be it enacted by the King or Soverein Lorde the Lordes spirituall and temporall and the Comons in this present Pleament assembled and by thauctoritee of the same, That aswell all and singuler Ires Patentes made by the said late King as by the Kings Majestie that now ys, sithens the makinge of the said severall Statutes and Actes, or that hereafter shalbe made by our said Soverein Lorde the King hat now ys during his lyes, (whose lyes God long preserve,) shalbee good and effectuall to all and every Patentee their heires and assignes; the lack or want of any suche Bill or Billes, or whether the particular or particulars were hadd or made or hereafter to bee hadd or made by any of the Kings Auditour or Audytoures Surveyour or Surveyours in any wise notwithstandinge: And that the same Patentees Grauntees and Donees their heires and assignes and every of them shall from hensforthe have and take all and singier [the1 ] profites benefites comodities and advauntagies mencioned in the sayd severall Statutes, as thoughe the sayd Billes had been signed and sealed and were readye to bee shewed according to the true entent of the sayd Statutes or any of them.

And to thentent the King shalbe trulye aunswered of thoverplus of the yerely value of the sayd Manoures landes and tenementes and hereditamentes, conteined or to be conteyned in any suche tres Patentes as ys aforesaid, according to the true meaning of the (4) Act or Actes and the Provisions of the same. Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesayd, That all and singuler soche Patentees Grantees and Donees, as at any time from the making of the said severall Statutes have obteined or gotten or hereafter shall obteine or gett any Castels manours landes tenementes tithes penc&ns porc&ns or other hereditamentes, of the Gifte graunte sale or exchaung of the sayd late King or of the King that now ys, or of thonely [giftes7 ] of the said Kinges or of any of them of his or theire most liberall disposition or of any of them and not solde.

' shoulde 0. }

• and made in fourme abovesaide 0. j ,lle8ible on the RoU'

» or 0. 4 so 0. s suche 0.

8 saide O. 1 gyfte 0.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 3, 4.

167

whiche at the date of the tres Patentes therof made or hereafter to be made shalbe of more or better yerely value to the said late King, or to the King that now ys in yerely rent and ferme then ys or shalbe conteyned mencioned or specified in any suche tres Patentf or particulars therof made by the said Auditour or Auditoun Surveiour or Surveiours or other Officers, that then every of the said Patentees Grauntees and Donees their executouret and assignes, within one yere next after due proofe and decree therof made and hadd in the Courte within whose surreighe the same Castles manourgs landes tenementes and other the premisses or any parcell therof then were or shalbe, shall content and pay unto the King for the same overplus and more value for the same Manoures landes tenementes tithes pencions portions and other hereditamentes to him or them solde or exchaunged or hereafter to be solde or exchanged after suche rate as thother landes and tenementes were before to him solde or exchaunged, or that hereafter shalbe so solde or exchaunged, and for the overplus and more value of suche landes and tenementes as hath been geven by the sayd late King or the Kinges Ma'1* that now ys, or that hereafter shalbe given by the King that now ys, and not solde as ys abovesaid, the said Patentee and Patentees and his and their heires executoures and assignes shall content and pay to the King after the rate of twenty yeres purchace; so that the same proofe and decree bee or shalbe made m fourme aforesayd within xvj yeres next after the date of suche and the same tres Patentes made or to bee made in fourme aforesayd.

(' ) Provided always and be yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesayd. That this Act or any Provision therin conteyned shall not in any wise extende to confirme ratefie or make good any lease or leases made or hereafter to bee made for terme of lyes lyves or yeres, wherupon the olde and accustomed rentes or more bee not or hereafter shall not bee reserved and yerelye payable duringe the time and terme of the sayd lease and leases, nor to any lease or leases made in reversion of any pte or parcell of any Manours landes tenementes or hereditamentes parcell of the Duchye of Lancastre or within the surveye of the same Duchie.

Provided Also and be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Act nor any thing therin conteined shall extende to confirme ratifie or make good any tres patentes heretofore made or hereafter to bee made of Estate of enherytaunce by any King or Kinges of this Realme, but to suche tres patentes as were made by the said late King Henry theight sens the fourthe day of Februarye in the said xxvij"‘ yere of his reygne, or hathe been or hereafter shall bee made by the Kings Ma"* that now ys during his lief (whiche God long preserve); any thing or matter conteined in this Act or in any of the provisions before rehearsed to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

And where also the late King of famouse memorie Henrie theight, and also our Soverein Lorde the King Mau< that now ys, aswell by divers bargaines and sales for dyvers great somes of Money, as by giftf exchanges or otherwise, have given and granted by their severall tres patentes under the Great Seale of Englande, or under the Greate Seale of the Duchie of Lancastre, divers Manours landes tenementes and other hereditamentes withe the appurtenaunces to divers and sundry their loving Subjectes of any Estate of enheritiince, to holde in Socage onely and not in Capite for all maner of services, and without reservation of any tenthes or rentes in the same ires patentes, as by the same severall ires patentes may appeare: And Forasmuche as by certayn Statutes heretofore made, doubles and ambiguites may aryse upon suche ires patentf for lack of Tenures in Capite or reservation of Tenthes or Rentes, whiche might be hereafter to the unquietnes of suche Patentees their heires assignes or successours, contrary to thententes and inindes of the said late King and of our sayd Soverein Lorde the Kinges [Ma* ’] Majestie that now ys: For thadvoyding of all doubtes and ambyguites and for the quietnes of the Kings loving subjectes. Be it also enacted and established by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that all ires patentes sealed or hereafter to bee sealed withe the Great Seale of Englande or withe the Great Seale of the Duchie of Lancaster, shall be good perfecte and availeable in Law to all ententes and purposes according to the said ires patentes, the nonage of our Sovereine Lorde the Kings Majestie that now ys as Duke of Lancaster, ( Albeit alwaies as King he is of full age,) or any Act Statute or [ Lawes,J ] for or conceminge any Tenures or reservations of Rentes or Tenthes to the contrary notw^standing: Saving to all and every parson and parsons bodies politike and corporate their heires successoures executoures and assignes and to every of them, other then the Kings Ma1* his heires and successoures, as Kinges of his Realme or as Dukes of Lancaster, all and every suche rightes titles leases conditions rentes and interestes whatsoever as they or any of them shoulde oughte or might have hadd yf this Act hadd never been hadd or made; this Act or any thing ther in conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III.

Not to confirm Leases at Ina than the usual Renta, or in Reversion, in the Duchy of Lancaster.

IV.

Not to extend to Grants made before Feb. *7 H.VUI.

V.

Certain Grants of Land in Socage, without Keservacion of Rents or Tenths, declared valid; although the King, as Duke of Lancaster, were not of Age.

See the Statutes 3jHcn.VIILc.14. 37 Hen. VIlI. c.ao.

General Saving on such Grants.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte that all Patentees of Collectourshippes of Tenthes shalbe boundc for their Collections.

WHER the Archebyshoppes and Byshoppes of this Realme of Englande are bounde to the King Ma’" for the collecting and true paiment of the Dismes and Tenthes due to his Highnes for all and singulare Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall promoebns whatsoever being within their severall Diocese; For the C.olleccbn wherof dyvers of the predecessours of the said Archebishoppes and Bishoppes have by their Ires patentes, confirmed withe Chapitre Seale, gyven and graunted to sundrye persons without provision of sufficient bondes for the true collection and paiment of the sayd Dismes or Tenthes to our Sovereyn Lorde, or otherwise to discharge the grauntoures of the sayd patentes and their successours, wherby the Kings Majestie hathe been greatly defrauded of his sayde Duties and many of the sayd Bysshoppes sore troubled to their great hindraunce and utter undoyng; Be it therefore enacted by our Soverein Lorde

Bishops, &c. being bound to collect and pay Tenths of Benefices to the King, have appointed Collectors without Sureties, &c.

1 The following Provisoes ate annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. * 0. omits. * La we 0.

Di

168

7° Edw. VI. c. 4,5.

A.D. 1552-3.

Such exiiting Collector* shall enter into Recognizance to indemnify the Bishops, fcc.

IL

Parsons not able to pay their Tenths till after Easter;

Time for yearly Payment of Tenths extended to the last Day of May, instead of I April, as under Stat. a6 Hen VIII. c. 3.

III.

In case of Benefices vacant,on( ertilicate of the Bishop, the Glebe, &c. may be seized for the King till Payment duely made of the Tenths, fee.

IV.

Appointment of Collectors shall be valid only during the Continuance of the Bishop in his Sec.

the King withe thassent of the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Parliament assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, that all Coliectoures of the sayd Tenthes under any Archebishoppe or Byshoppe within this Realme of Englande or ether the Kings Dominions, having Ires patentee or other writings of their said Office of Collectourshippe of the said Tenrhes, shall before the feast of the Nativite of S* John Baptist next edming be boude by their sufficient writing oblygatorie or recognisaunce, in the Courte of the First Fruictes and Tenthe or in any other Courte wher the Kings Revenues of the Tenthes shalbe aunswerable, in suche some or somes of Money as shalbe due and growing yercly to our Sovereine Lorde the Kinge within their sayd Collection or Office, to save and kepe the sayd Archbishoppes or Bishoppes and every of them harmles and without hurte or damage against the Kings Majestie his heires and successoures, of and for all maner of accdnptes and paimentes of Money whiche they or any of them shall or may conveniently receive during the tyme of their severall Collections, and that lawfully may bee demaunded or required of the said Archebisshoppes or Bishoppes or any of them for or concerninge the said Tenthes, by reason of the Statute of the First Fruictes and Tenthe, or elles their said Ires patentes and other writinges to be uttrely voide and of none effect.

And for that the Persons Vicars and Curates within this Realme for the most parte bee not liable to paye their Tenthes before that they shall have receyved the profites of their Benefices whiche yerely growethc and rennethe to them at the feast of Easter, whiche feast in many yeres fallethe after the first daye of Aprill, whiche said first daye of Aprill ys now the day that ys stalled and appoincted to the sayd Archebisshoppes and Bisshoppes to make paiment to the Kinges Majestie of the said Tenthes; Be yt therefor enacted by aucthorite aforesayd. That the sayd Archebisshoppes and Bisshoppes and every of them shall from hensforthe make yerelye payment of the said Tenthes unto our sayd Soverayn Lorde his heires and successoures in the Courte of the First Fruictes and Tenthe, orelles wher yt shall please the Kinges Majestic [tappointe1 ] the paiment of the same, before or at the last daye of Maye and not otherwise ; and that the Certificate of Recusauntes made by any of the said Archebyshoppes and Bisshoppes or any of them, before or at the sayd last daye of Maye yerely, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to all intentes construccdns and purposes as thoughe yt had been made at the days and tymes heretofore lymyted and appoincted by the Statute made in the xxvj"* yere of the Reigne of his most noble father of famouse inemorye King Henrye the Eight for paymentes of Tenthes and First Fruictes; any Lawe or Statute heretofore hadd or made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any promotion spirituall be nowe or shall chaunce hereafter to be or remayn in suche sorte voide that no Incumbent ys or can be conveniently provided for the same, that then the said Arch Bisshoppes and Bisshoppes and every of them shall and maye certefie yerely before the last daye of May the same vacacons specially and according to the trouthe of the mater into the saide Courte of First Fruictes and Tenthe, or in any other Courte wher the Kings Revenues of Tenthes shall bee aunswerable; upon whiche Certificate the sayd Archbyshoppes and Byshoppes and every of them shalbe discharged towardes and ageinst the Kinges Majestie his heires and successoures, in lyke sorte as they now bee upon their Certificate of the Recusauntes : And that then and from thensforthe yt shalbe lawfull to the Kings Majestie his heires and successoures to levie and rake all the glebe Landes tithes yssues or profittes of the sayd Benefice or Spirituall promocon so specially certefied as ys aforesayd, untill his Grace his heires or successoures maie be fullye aunswered satisfied and payed of the whole arrerages of the sayd Tenthes then due to his Majestie: And the sayd Archbisshoppes and Bisshoppes and every of them to bee from the time of the sayd speciall Certificate clerely exonerated and discharged ageinst the Kinge his heires and successoures of the same arrerages ; Any Lawe or Statute heretofore hadd or made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And Be yt ferther enacted by thaucthorytee aforesayd, That all and every Graunt patent or writing whatsoever that shall hereafter bee made to any person or persons by any Archbishoppe or Bishoppe by them selves, or els by annye Archbishoppe or Bishoppe conformed by Chapter Seale within this Realme of England or elleswher within the Kings Dominions, of thoffice of Collectorshippe of the Tenthes growing and arising yerely to be due unto our said Sovereine Lorde the Kinge within the Dvocese and Bishopprickc of any suche grauntour by the reason of any Statute of the First Fruictes and Tenthes, shall stande abyde and endure in his or their force strengthe and effecte no more nor longer time then the said grantour shalbe and remayn Archebishoppe or Bishoppe of the same See and Bishoppryk wherof he was possessed at the tyme of his sayd graunt; Any confirmation of his sayd graunte, or any Custome usage lawe or statute at any time heretofore hadd used or made to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to avoyde the greate price and excesse of Wynes.

Priett of Wind to be told by Retail in Tavenu, ice.

FOR thavoyding of many inconveniences muche evill rule and comune resorte of misruled persones used and frequented in many Tavemes of late newly sett uppe in very greate noumbre in backe lanes comers and suspicious places within the Cytie of London, and in divers other Townes and Vyllages within this Realme; Be yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Parlament, That no pson or persons whatsoever enhabiting within any the Kings Majesties Dominions of England and Wales shall after the feast of S‘ Mychaell Tharchaungell next coming, utter by retayle by small measure; that ys too say, by Gallon or any other measure of greater or lesse quantitie any Wynes called Gascoin Guion or Frenche Wynes but after the rate of viijd. the Gallone at the most, by any maner of meanes colour engine or crafte;

1 to appointe 0.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c. 5.

169

nor iny Rochell Wynes at greater pryces or valuacbn than after the rate of iiij d. the Gallon at the most; nor any other Wyne or Wynes at greater pryce or valua£6n than after the rate of xij d. the Gallon at the most; upon peine that every person doing the cotrary shall forfeicte for every suche Offence fyve powndes of lawfull money of Englande.

And Be yt ferther enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That yt shall not be lawfull to any persone or persons II.

within any the Dominions aforesayd, excepte he or they shall and may dispende in Landes tenementes hereditamentes

or other yerely Profites certeyn, the some of one hundrethe marckes of lawfull money of England, or ells bee worthe of Gilloni of Wine his own proper gooddes and cattelles, One thousande Marckes, or shalbe the sonne of a Duke Marques Earle Viscount or Baron of this Realme, to have or kepe after the sayd Feast of S' Michaell Tharchaungell in his house or custodie any

Penalty,

£$. per Day.

in his Houte, unless he it worth

piece or vessell of any of the sayd Wynes of Gascoin Guyen Frenche or Rochell Wines conteining above the quanritee kc. r ' of tenne Gallons, to thentent to spende or drinke the same in his or their house or houses, by any colour or meanes, upon peine to forfeicte for every suche Offence tenne pounds of lawfull money of Engloud.

And Also be yt ferther enacted by thauctorite of this pnte Parlament, That yt shall not bee lawfull to any person or Non<

persones within any of the said Dominions, after the said feast of [ S' Michall,' ] to kepe any Taverne or to sell or utter Tavcmi except in

by retayle by the Gallon or lesse or greater measure in any place, any of the sayd Wyne or Wynes within any of the Licenceofthe*" said Dominions, Except yt bee in Cyties Townes Corporate Boroughes Port Tounes or Markett Townes, or in the Townes Mayor, he. of Gravesende Sittingbourne Tuckesforde and Bagshott, upon peine that every person or persones that shall so offende Jl0, D»y.

contrary to the fourrne of this Acte, shall loose and forfeicte for every day so offending, the some of tenne pounde of

lawfull money of Englande; nor .that yt shalbe lawfull to any person or persones after the said feast of S' Michaell to kepe any Tavemes or sell or utter by retaile by the Gallon, or lesse or greater measure, in any Citye Boroughe or Towne Corporate any maner of Wynes, but onely suche person and persones as shalbe theronto nominated appoincted and assigned by the heade Officers and the most parte of the Comune Cowncell Aldremen Burgeses Jurates or Comunaltie for the tyme being of suche Cytie Boroughe or Towne Corporate wher suche person or psons shall taverne sell or utter Wyne by retayle as ys aforesayd, the sayd nominac&n and assignement to be made by writing under the comune Seale of suche Citie Burghe or Toune Corporate as ys aforesayd; and the said nomination assignement and appoinctement shall continewe in their force or be changed at thelecc&n and pleasure of the heade Officer or Officers and the most parte of the Comune Councell Aldremen Burgeses Jurates or Cominaltie for the time being of suche Cytie Bowrghe or Toune Corporate, by writing, and under suche comune Seale as ys aforesaid; nor that yt shalbe lawfull to any person or persones And in Market to kepe any Taverne or to sell or utter any Wine by retaile as ys aforesaid in annye Cytee Bourghe Porte Towne or Lkence rf jlutfcea Market Towne not corporate, within the Realme of England or Wales or in the said Tounes of Gravesende Sittingbourne of Pesce inSestions, Tuckesforde or Bagshott, but onely suche person or persones as therunto shalbe assigned nominated and appointed by all or the most parte of the Justices of Peace for the tyme being of suche Shire or Cowntie wher suche Tavernes or sellyng of Wyne by retaile shalbe hadd or allowed, as shalbe pnte at the Generali Sessions for the tyme being to be holden within every of the sayd Shires or Counties, the sayd Assignement Nomina£6n and Appoinctment to bee hadd and made in full Session by writing under the several! Seales of every of the sayd Justices, and to bee continued altredd or chaunged in lyke fourrne and by lyke aucthorytee as ys last aforesayd ; Upon peine that everye psone that shall after the sayd feast sell or retayle any Wyne being not theronto lycensed and aucthorised as ys aforesayd, shall forfeicte and loose for every daye that he shall soo offende fyve pounde of lawfull money of Englande: Nor that anye person or persones having aucthoritee by this pnte Acte to nominate assigne or appoincte what persones shall taverne utter or sell Wyne by retaile as ys aforesayd, shall nominate assigne or appoincte by his or their writing, any mo or greater nomber of Tavemes or Wine sellers by retaile to sell or utter Wine, or kepe or continue any Taverne at one tyme in anye one Citie Bourghe Towne Corporate or Port Towne or Market Towne, or in Gravesende Sytingbourne or Bagshotte, (all and every suche Citee and Towne hereafter expresslye named onely excepte,) then twoo Wyne sellers or Tavernes; and it shall not bee lawfull to any person or persones having aucthoritee to nominate assigne or appointe Tavernes or sellers of Except in London, Wyne by retaile by this Acte, to nominate assigne or appointe by writing any mo or greater number of Tavemes or Wyne sellers in the Citie of London to sell or utter Wine by retaile at any tyme above the number of fowretye Tavernes or Wyne sellers, and in Yorke eight, in Norwiche iiij, in Westmynster iij, in Bristole vj, in Lyncolne iij, Kingston upon York, Eight; kc. Hulle iiij, in Shrowesburie iij, in Exeter iiij, in Salysbury iij, in Glocester iiij, in Westchester iiij, in Hereforde East iij, in [Worchestree*] iij, in Sowthampton iij, in Cantorburieiiij, in Ipswiche iij, in Winchester iij, Oxforde iij, Cambrige iiij, in Colchestre iij, in Newcastle upon Tyne iiij Tavernes or Wyne sellers; upon payne that every pson authorised by this Penalty,£$.

Acte to nominate assigne or appoincte Tavernes or Wyne sellers, to forfeicte for every nomination assignement or appoinctment by him made contrary to the fourrne of this Acte fyve powndes.

And be yt ferther enacted by thauctoritee aforesayd, That no person or persons whatsoever from and after the sayd feast of S' Mychaell, shall sell or utter by retayle any kinde of Wine or Wines to be dronck or spent in his or their wine to be drunk mansyon house or houses or other place in his or their tenure or occupac&n, by any colour crafte engine or mean; upon payn to forfeict for every suche Offence tenne powndes of lawfull money of England ; thone halfe of all whiche Application

forfeictures shall be to the King our Sovereyn Lorde, and thother half to him or them that wyll sue for the same by of ™>»hie«.

acc&n of Debt bill playnt or information in any of the Kings Courtes of Recorde, in whiche acc&n or sute no Essoine wager of lawe or protection shalbee allowede.

Provided alway. That it shalbe laufult for all and every Marchant and Marchantes adventuring for the same at his . V. or their owne costes and charges, to have and kepe to spende in his or their house or houses suche Wyne or Wynes Merchant!; as he shall transporte or cause to be transported into this Realme or any parte therof, not taking annye money or

other recompence for the same that shalbe so spente in his or their howses: And that yt shalbe lawfull to every highe

Only Two Taremi shall be licensed in One Town, kc.

Forty.

1 Sainct Michaell 0.

5 Worcetto' 0.

170

7° Edw. VI. c.5, 6

A.D. 1552-3.

High Sheriff!, See. maj hare Wine in their Houses, See. for private Consumption.

VI.

Justices of Peace, Sec. may inquire of Offences.

Application of Penalties in such Case.

VII.

Limitation of Prosecutions One Year.

VIII.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of the Universities.

Sheryef of every Cowntye Mayor Baylief and Sherief of every Citie and Towne Corporate within this Realme of England and other the said Dominions for the time being, during his or their office of chardg, and to every other persone inhabiting or dwelling in any of the Kings Ma'*" Fortes or Townes fortefied and kept for the Warres, during his or their dwellinges in any suche Forte or Towne of Warre, to have Wine in their howses by the Vessell to spende the same in his or their howses without taking any money or other recompence for the same so spent in his or their house or other place in their tenure or occupacftn ; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And [ Be yt'] further enacted by thauctorite aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of every Shire or Countie Citie or Towne corporate in their severall Sessions, and the Stuarde in every Lete and the Sherief in his Tourne, and every Exchetour, shall have full power and aucthoritee by this pnte Acte tenquire by thothes of xij lawfiill men of all and every offence and offences doon or perpetrated contrary to the fourme of this Acte : And that every inquiree and presentement taken and had by thothes of xij lawfull men as ys aforesayd, shalbe of suche force and effecte as yf the same were taken or hadd before the King in his ( 1) Benche: And that every of the paynes penalties and forfeitures aforesayd to bee due by force of this Acte, for any offence to bee comitted or doon by any person or persones contrary to the fourme of this pnte Acte, as shalbe founde by presentement before the sayd Justices of Peace Excheatoures Sheriefes or Stuarde by veredite of xij men as ys aforesaid, and no bill playnt action or informacbn therof comenced in any of the Kings Courtes of Recorde, shalbe divided equallye in twoo partes, wherof thone shalbe to the Kinge our Sovereyn Lorde his heires and successoures, and the other to bee to the poore people of the Toune or Place wher suche presentement shalbee fownde.

Provided always and bee yt ferther enacted by thaucthoritie aforesayd. That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende too charge any person or persons with any penalde or forfeiture, for and concerning any offence to be doon contrary to the tenour of this Acte, oneles he or they so offending bee sued indicted or presented for the same within one yere next after the same offence be doon and comitted as ys aforesayd ; Any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

(1) Provided alway that this Acte or any thing therin conteined thall not in any wise bee p rejudicyall or hurtfull to any of the Universitees of Oxforde or Cambrige, or to the Chancellour or Scolers of the same, or their successoures or any of them, to empaire or take awaye any of the lyberdes privileges franchesies jurisdictions powers or aucthorities to them or any of them apperteining or belonging ; but that they and every of them and their successoures may have holde use and enjoy all their Liberties privilegf franchesies jurisdiccftns powers and aucthorities in suche large and ample wise as thoughe this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made: So always that ther be not any more or greater nomber of Tavernes kepte or maynteyned within any of the sayd Townes of Oxforde [and4 ] Cambrige then may bee lawfully kept and mainteined by the provision true meanyng and entent of this Statute; Any thing in this Proviso mencioned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Recital of Provision in ty E. IV. c.i. against the Exportation of Gold and Silver j

continued by 4 H. VII. c. *3. for 20 Years.

Exportation of Gold and Silver since that Period had expired:

Recited Provision in 17 E. IV. c.i. confirmed, and continued for 20 Years.

II.

Proviso for Trial of Peers for such Offence.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte reviving a Statute made in the xvijlh yere of King Edwarde the Fourthe touching the carrieng of Golde

and Sylver out of the Realme.

WHER in the Parliament begonne and holden at Westmynster the xvj’’' day of Januarye in the xvij* yere of Kynge Edwarde the Fourthe, emonges other, It was ordeined by thauctoritee of the same Parliament, that no person sholde carrye or make to be carried out of this Realme or Wales from no part of the same, anye maner of Money of the Coigne of this Realme, nor Money of the Coigne of other Realmes Landes or Lordeshippes, nor Plate Vessell Bullion or Jueli of Golde garnished or ungamished, or of Sylver, without the Kings lysence but suche persons as bee dispensed with in the Statute made in the Seconde yere of King Henry the Syxthe, and other divers Statutes made, upon peine of Felonyc as in the said Statute and Ordinance more plainly dothe appeare; The whiche [said 1 ] Statute and Ordinance was made tendure from the feast of Easter in the xviij,h yere of King Edwarde the iiij'k unto thende of vij yeres then next ensuing; whiche Statute and Ordinance before rehersed by aucthorite of Parliament holden in the iiij* yere of the late King of famous memory King Henry the vij<h, was affirmed and enacted to be good and effectuall from the feast of the Purificac&n of our Ladye in the yere of our Lorde God [One thousande sour hundrethe foureskoue nyne6 ] and to endure to thende of xx,y yeres then next ensuing, as by the same Statute also more playnly appearethe: Sithen the whiche xx" ye's sooe expired, the Golde and Sylver of the Coygne of this Realme hathe and daily ys and been carried and conveighed into France Flaundres Normandye Brytayn Irelande and other parties beyonde the Sea, aswell by Marchant Strangiers as by Denizens, to the great impoverishing of this Realme, and greater ys lyke to bee oneles Remedye therfor spedelye be provided: Be yt therfor enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Parliament that the sayd Statute and Ordinance before rehersed made in the sayd xvij"‘ yere of King Edwarde the iiijlb and every Article clause sentence or provision therin conteined shalbe affirmed and enacted to be good and effectuall from the first day of Maye next coming and tendure to thende of xx*‘ yeres then next following.

Provided Alwaies that yf any of the Lordes of the Parliament or any of the Peres of this Realme for the tyme being, shall fortune to bee endicted of any of the offences lymited in the said Acte made in the said xvij"* yere of King Edwarde the iiijt", that then they and every of them shall have his or their triall by their Peres as hathe been used heretofore in cases of HigheTreasone.

■ It it O. • Mi'" O.

'or O. * 0. omits.

9 Annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. « M.CCCClxxxix 0.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c.7

CHAPTER V1L An Acte for the Assise of Fuell.

WHERE thassise and measure of Talwoodd Billet Fagot Coles and other Fuell appoincted and assessed by an Acte Assise of Wood

of Parlyament made at Westminster the xxij11’ daye of January in the xxxiiij"' yere of the reigne of our late j^hvHLc.j. Sovereyn Lorde King Henrye the Eight, ys the same Assise that was kept in the time of King Edward the iiij>k% whiche inconvenient i Assise hathe not been kepte nor coulde not conveniently be kept theis lxM. yeres nor of thes days can be kepte by reason of the greate scarcitie of Woodes that is happened sens the tyme of the sayd King Edwarde the Four the;

And also by reason of the greatnes of the said Assise, the same Fuell nor Coles canne not be caryed at theis days without altera£6n of the Cartes wherin suche Fuell and Coles ar nowe caryed ; By reason whereof, and for that that in the sayd Statute the penaltie whiche ys the forfeicture of the said Fuell or Coles lackyng the sayd Assise conteyned in the said Acte dependeth upon the buier therof and not upon the seller ne maker marker or fellor of the same;

By reason wherof divers Cityes and Countreis ar lyke pntely to lacke Fuell and Coles oneles spedye remedye bee No Penalty »h»ll be

shortly had in this behalf: For redres wherof Be it enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Parlyament, that no persone or ofriist*1Aa,Brtlch

persones shall susteine any losse peyne or penaltie for buyeng or sellyng of any talwood byllet or fagot nowe cut and

made, althoughe the same bee not of thassise conteined in the said Acte, any thing in the sayd Acte conteined

notwithestanding. And that all talwoode billet fagot and coles to be made and put to sale in the Cities of London and Future Assise of

Westminster, or in the suburbes of the same, after the last day of September next coming, shall kepe thassises hereafter j^Loo&» Sd*

expressed; that is to wete, that every sack of Coles conteine foure Bushelles of good and clean Coles; And that every Westminster.

Talshidde conteine in lengthe foure foote besydes the carse, and every Talshiede named of one to conteine in greatnes

within a foote of the mydest, xvj ynches aboute: And every Talshiede named of twoo to conteine in greatnes within a

foote of the myddest xxiij ynches aboute ; And every Talshiede named of three to contein in greatenes within a foote

of the midest xxviij ynches aboute ; and every Talshiede named of sour to conteine in greatnes within a fote of the middest

xxxiij ynches aboute; and every Talshiede named of fyve to conteine in greatnes within a foote of the middest xxxviij

ynches aboute ; and every Billet to conteine in lengthe three foote sower ynches, and every Billet named a single, to

conteine seven ynches and a half aboute, and every Billet named to be a cast, to conteine xm. ynches aboute, and every

Billette named of twoo cast, to conteine xiiij ynches aboute, and every Fagotbed to conteine in lengthe three foote and

the bonde of everye suche fagot to be of xxiiij ynches aboute besides the knott; whiche Assises arr lytle lesse then

thassises conteined in the sayd former Acte, and also arr muche greater then any assise that nowe ys or of any long

tyme hathe been comuney kepte.

And Be it ferther enacted, That it shalbe lawful 1 from hensforthe for every owner without daunger of any forfeiture, Billets of Two Cast, to make Billettes of twoo caste, and that all Billettes of twoo caste from hensforthe to be made and put to sale shalbe of thassise herein comprised or more, and shalbe marked onlye within syxe ynches of the middest therof; and that every Billet of one caste from hensforthe to be made and putto sale shalbe onely marked within foure ynches of thende therof; upon payne that every [marker 1 ] and every seller that shall make any suche Fuell or Coles and putte the same Penalties for to sale, to forfeicte for every Shiede of Talwood Billet Fagot or Sacke of Coles from hensforthe putto sale lacking of th*

the Assise aforesayd iij s. iiij d.; and that this pnte Statute onely and no other Statute of Assise of Fuell or Coles shall this Act only, fromhensforthe stande in force ne take place.

And Forasmuche as by the gredye appetite and coveteousnes of divers persons, Fuell Coles and Woodd runethe many times throughe foure or fyve severall handes or moe before it comethe to thandes of them that for their necessitie doo bume or retaile the same: Be yt ferther enacted that from the first daie of May next coming no person or persons shall buy any suche Wood Coles or Fuell but onelye suche as will burne or consume the same, or suche persones as shall sell the same agayn by retaile to suche as shall bume or consume the same for their own occupieng without fraude or covine, or Wharfingers or Bargemen ; upon payn to forfeicte the treble value of all suche Woodd Coles and Fuell as shalbe otherwise bought for any lucre or gayne : And that no person or persons shall alter any marck or assise of any of the said Fuell fikedd or sised according to this Statute, in peine of the lyke forfeicture as ys aforesayd, thone half of all whiche forfeitures herein conteined shalbe to the King our Soverein Lorde and thother half to him or them that will sue for the same by Accion of Dett Bill Plaint or Informacbn in any of the Kinges Courtes of Recorde wherein no essoine protecc6n nor wager of lawe to bee allowed or admitted for the Defendantes.

Puovided always and be it enacted, That no person or persones shall yelde ne forfeicte any penalltie herein conteined oneles action or sute be coraensed for the same within one whole yere next after thoffence therof comitted or doon: And that yf any Cutter or Maker as aforesayd, or other that shall forfeicte anye some herein conteined, shall not bee liable to yelde suche forfeiture or some as ys aforesaid, that then suche person therof convicted by witnesses or otherwise, to be sett on a Pyllorye in the next Market Towne to the place wher he shall so offende, by a Justice of the Peace or any other of the Kinges Officers at xj of the Clock upon the market daye, withe a Billet or Fagot bounden to some parte of his bodye, and so to be dischardged of the sayd forfeicture.

Provided also and bee yt enacted, That yt shalbe lawfull to every person and persones to buy sell mak and cutt Billettes for thonely serving of the Towne of Calyce and the Marches of the same, so that thei conteine in lengthe xxx'1' ynches at the least as hathe been ther most accostomed fowrtye yeres last past, without forfeicture of any penaltie herein conteyned; Any thing herein conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IU.

Evil of regrating of Fuel

None thill buy Foci, except to bum or to retail to the immediate Consumer;

Penalty,

Treble Value.

Like Penalty on alter ing Marks of Assise.

IV. Limitation of Prosecution,

One Year.

On Default of paying Penalties Offender shall be pilloried.

V.

Provision for Billets for Calais.

1 maker 0.

172

7° Edw.VI. c. 8, 9.

A.D.\552-3.

Recital of Statute 32 E. IV. c. j. against fulling of Capa, See. in Mills

Since Expiration of said Act, Caps, &c. fulled in Mills

Evil thereof:

Recited Act revived for Five Years.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the true fulling and thicking of Cappes.

XX THER AS in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the xxij Yere of the reigne of King Edward the iiij, great V V Grande father to the King our Sovereine Lorde that nowe ys, yt was establyshed and enacted by thaucthoride of the same Parlament, That no maner of person or persons after the feast of Easter then next following should full or thicke or cause to be fulled or thicked any Bonettes or Cappes doble or single in any sullying Mylle, or by the meane of any fulling Mill, upon payne to forfeicte and lose xl s. for every Cappe so thicked contrarye to the same Acte; And also that no Person Hatmaker Capper or other whatsoever he were after the sayd feast of Easter shoulde sett or cause to be sett any Bonettes or Cappes doble or syngle to be fulled or thicked to any suche Mill or by the mean of anye suche Mill, or setto Sale any suche Hattes Bonettes or Cappes double or single whiche after the sayd feast should bee so made fulled or thicked, upon peine to forfeict and lose the Bonettes and Cappes, so sett as ys aforesayd to any suche Mylle to bee fulled or thicked or otherweys putto Sale contrarye to the sayd Acte, and also to forfeict and lose xl s. as often as any suche person shall setto fullyng or thicking or to sale anye suche Hattes Bonettes or Cappes so thicked or putto sale contrary to the same Acte; thone half of the sayd forfeitures and penalties and every of them to the sayd late King and thother half to him or them of the Kinges Subjectes whiche shoulde sease the same or sue for the same in any of the Kinges Courtes of Recorde by informac&n, or els in any other Courte by Action of Dette by Writ at the Comune Lawe or by Bill or Plainte after the custome of the Cittye or Toune wher any suche forfeictures shall happen to fall or bee; And the Defendant in any suche Action not to bee admitted to wage his lawe nor protection nor essoine for any suche defendant shalbee allowed; whiche sayd Acte was made tendure from the sayd feaste of Easter untill thende of twoo yeres then next following and no lenger; as by the same Acte more playnely may appeare: Wheras sens the time of thexpirac&n of the sayd good & laudeable Statute, certeyn of the Subjectes of this Realme for their singuler Lucre and avayle have caused the most parte of Bonettes and Cappes made within this Realme to be fulled and thicked in fulling Mylles, by reason wherof not onely the sayd Cappes and Bonettes so thicked and fulled in fullyd Mylles, bee for the most parte broken and deceiptfiillye wrought, for that they cane not in any waise by any suche meanes of fullyng and thicking in suche Milles bee well and trewly wrought, to the greate losse of the Kings most loving Subjectes; but also a great nomber of the Kings Majesties most loving Subjectes, by whom suche Cappes and Bonettes in time paste were faithfully and truly made wrought fulled and thicked by mfnes strengthe, that ys to saye withe handes and feete, have honestly before this time gained their lyving and kepte many apprentisies and servantes in woorcke of that onely occupac&n, to the great comoditie of this Realme and the Subjectes of the same whiche nowe bee utterly decayed. And forasmuche as the said Statute ys good and profitable for the Comune wealthe of this Realme ; Owre Sovereyne Lorde the King by thassent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporal! and the Comons in this pnte Parliament assembled and by aucthoritee of the same, hathe ordeined provided and enacted that the said Acte made in the said xxij yere of the said late King, from the Feast of Pentecoste next ensueing, shalbe revived stande and remayn in full force strengthe and effecte in all and every clause sentence penaltie and thing conteined in the same according to the tenure and effecte of the same Acte; This Acte tendure for fyve yeres next following the said feast of Pentecoste.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the true making of White playne Streightes and pynned White Streightes in Devon and

Comewall.

Recital of Statute 5 k 6 E.VI. c.6.

I 5. against putting Hair, Flocks, or Lamb’s Wool into Cloths.

Certain Cloths made in Devon and Cornwall of coarse Wools, See.

WHER in the Parlament upon prorogac&n holden at Westminster the xxiij daye of Januarye in the fifthe yere of the Reigne of our Sovereyn Lorde the King that nowe ys, and ther continued unto the xv"* daye of Aprill in the vjlh yere of the Reigne of our sayd Sovereyn Lorde and then dissolved, One Acte Ordinance or Lawe was then and ther made touching and concerning the true making of Woollen Clothes, by the whiche sayd Acte emongst other Branches and Ordinaunces therin conteyned it was enacted, that from and after the feast of S' Michael! Tharchangell next ensuing the making of the sayd Acte, no persone or persons shoulde put any heire Flockes or any Yarne made withe Lambes Wooll into any Clothe Carsie Friese or Cotton so made and solde or offredd to bee solde, upon payne to forfaite every suche Clothe Carsie Frise or Cotton wherin any suche Yarne Heire or Flockes shalbe put, or the value of suche Clothe Carsie Friese or Cotton ; as by the sayd Statute it dothe and maye appear : And wher in the Cownties of Devon and Comewall in divers partes thereof ther be certeyn kindes of Clothes made of the nature of Tavestock Clothes, thone called White playn Strayghtes, and thother called pynned White Straightes, whiche sorte of Clothes be made withe the refuse and course Woolles Flockes Lambes Wool and Heire Woolles ; whiche kinde of Clothes called White playne Straightes and pynned white Streightes are transported and caryed into the partes of Brytayne beyonde the Sea, and ther uttred by the Marchauntes ther of byexchaunge and bartyre for Lynen Clothe called Doulasse Lockeram and Canvase, whiche the same Marchauntes doo afterwardes bring into this Realme to serve the Kings Majesties Subjectes therwithe, aswell duelling in the sayd Counties of Devon and Comewall as in divers other partes of the Realme:

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c. 9, 10.

173

And for asmuche as in the foresayd Acte ther ys no Remedye provided for the true making of the sayd Clothes, nor any mentyon made of the same kindes of Clothes in the sayd Acte, and therfore doubted whether they of the sayd Counties of Devon and Comewall may make the sayd kindes of Clothes or not, without Daunger of the foresaid Lawe, for that yt ys restreigned and prohibited by the sayd Acte that no persone or persones shoulde put any Heire Flockes or any Yame made of Lambes Woolle into any Clothe Fryese or Cotton so made and solde or offred to bee solde, uppon paine afore specified; And for that the said kynde of Clothes called whyte playne Streightes and pynned whyte Streyghtes ar made withe Comishe Woolle, which ys for the most part therof all Heirie Woollcs, And to thintent that from hensforthe the sayd Clothes called white Streightes and pynned white Streightes maye bee trulye made and to conteine a certeintie in Lengthe Bredthe and Weight: Be yt therefore enacted by the King our Sovereine Lorde, the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporal! and the Comons in this pnte parliament assembled and by thaucthorytee of the same, That from and after the first Day of Maye next comyng every peice of the sayd Clothes called white playne Streightes, made after the said first Day of Maye, shall conteine in Lengthe being readye dressed to putto Sale, twelve Yardes at the least, and in Breadthe one Yarde at the least, in Weight xj " at the least, upon peine of forfayture of the same or the Value therof: And that every piece of the sayd Clothes called whyte pynned Streightes, made after the sayd first daye of Maye, being readye dressed to putto sale shall conteine in Lengthe xj Yardes at the least, and in Breadthe three quarters of a Yarde at the least, and in Weight eight powndes at the least, upon peine of forfayture of the sayd Clothes or the true Value thereof; thone Moietie of all whiche forfaytures to bee to the King our Sovereyn Lorde, and thother Moietie to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action of Dett Detinue Byll Playnte or Informac&n in any of the Kinges Courtes wherin no essoine protecfSn or wager of lawe shalbee admitted or allowed for the Defendaunte.

And ferther be yt enacted by thaucthoride aforesayd, That it shall and maye be lawfull to and for any persone or persones whatsoever, inhabiting or dwelling whithin the said Counties of Devon and Comewall or either of them, to make the foresayd sortes of Clothes withe Heire Flockes or Yarne made of Lambes Woolle or otherwise without any penaltie or forfeiture therof; The forsaid Acte made in the sayd last Parliament or any other Lawe or Statute afore this Parliament hadd or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Be yt ferther enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That thowners or Owner of every suche Clothe and Clothes so wrought and made shall bring or cause to bee brought the same Clothe or Clothes to the next Cytye Bourghe or Towne Corporate wher the same shalbe fulled dressed and made, ther to be measured weighed and sealed withe a Seale of Leade fyxed to every of the sayd pieces of Clothe, in whiche Seale tharmes or name of every suche Cytye Bourghe or Toune Corporate shalbee graven, and that the Maior of every Cytye Bourghe or Toune corporate wher the same Clothe or Clothes shalbee brought shall appoincte and swere twoo Officers for the true weighing measuring and sealing therof, and that the same Officers shall have for their weighing measuring and sealing of everye peice of the sayd Clothes one half penny and no more.

Be yt ferther enacted by thaucthorytee aforesayd, That every Clothier or Clothyers whiche shall put any of the Clothes aforesayd to sale or offer the same to be solde, before the same bee weighed measured and sealed as ys aforesaid, shall forfaite for every suche Defaulte the Clothe or Clothes so by him or them solde or offered to be sold; Thone moitie wherof to bee to the King our Soverayne [L.‘ ] and thother moietie to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debte Detinue Byll Playnt or Informac&n in any of the Kinges Courtes wherin no Essoine Protection or wager of Lawe shall bee admitted or allowed for the Defendaunt.

CHAPTER X.

An Actb for the uniting and annexing of the Towne of Gatesyde to the Towne of Newcastell uppon Tyne.

TTT7"HERE the Quiet Order Regiment and Gouvernance of the Corporation and Bodye Polytik of the Towne of YY Newcastell upon Tyne hathe been not a lytle dystourbed and hindredd, to a muche greate and manifest impoveryshement ruine and decaye of the sayd Corporation, By reason aswell that in the Towne of Gatesyde, parcell bothe of the possessions of the Bishoprick of Durham and also of the Lyberties and Cowntye Palatyne of Durham aforesayd, next adjoyning unto the sayd Haven Towne of Newcastell on the Sowthe side of the sayd Ryver of Tyne, do enhabite and been from tyme to tyme a greate number of Carpenters Collyers Fishers Maryners and other Handye craftes men, whiche by their Handywoorckes gayn and have their cheife and in maner whole lyving in the sayd Toune of Newcastell, where they dailye committe manyfolde Enormities and Disorders whiche escape unpunished, to a verye evill example in thindraunce of Justice, by reason that suche Offendours by repayring into the sayd Toune of Gateside being without the Jurisdice&n of the said Haven Towne of Newcastle finde evasions and meanes tescape the condigne correccion and punishement of their sayd mysbehavours, as also for that no small number of thinhabitantes of Gatesyde, without any respecte to the conservation of the Haven of the sayd Porte Toune of Newcastle being the cheife mayntenance and upholde of the same, doo cast into the sayd Haven Rubbyshe with all the refuse of their Buildinges besides thother clensing of their houses and streates, without any correction or punishement extended unto them for the same, by reason that the sayd Toune of Gateside ys parcell of the sayd Countye Palantyne of Durham, and without the Libertyes of the sayd Haven Toune as ys aforesayd, withoute remedye wherof the sayd Haven shoulde perishe and

1 Lorde 0.

Dioitiied,by

Yy

Length and Breadth of such Clothi ascertained.

II.

Such Clotha may be made with Hair, Flocks, or Lamb's Wool.

III.

Such Cloths shall be sealed, Src. by Officers to be appointed in Corporations.

IV.

Clothiers shall not sell such Cloths until sealed, &c.

Evils resulting from the Town of Gateside near Newcastle, being in the County Palatine of Durham.

174

7° Edw.VI. c. 10.

A.D. 1552-3.

The Town of Gateside dissevered from Durham and united to Newcastle, and to be under Governance of the Mayor, &c.

1L

Saving for Right of Common in Durham.

III.

Proviso for Wood out of Gateside Park to repair the Bridge.

IV.

Bishop of Durham shall be free of Toll, &c. in Newcastle.

V.

General Saving.

therby the Toune shoulde be in great Jeoperdye of ruine and decaye: And ferthermore forasinuche also as a parte of the Brydge over the sayd Ryver of Tyne, perteynying to the said Toune of Gatesyde, ys so farre in ruine ande decaye for lack of reparac&n, that no Cartes or Cariages may bee suffred to passe over the same: For remedie wherof and sundry other enormities here not recited, Be yt by the Kings Majestie our Sovereyn Lorde withe thassent of the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Parlament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, ordeined establyshed and enacted, that the Toune of Gatesyde aforesayd, and all thinhabitantes of the same Toune that nowe bee or hereafter shalbee, and a parcell of grounde called the Saltemeadowes joyning to the Toune of Gatesyde aforesayd and harde upon the River ther, and the whole Water and Brydge belonging or apperteyning to the same Toune of Gatesyde, shall bee from hensforthe severed and dyvyded from the Byshopryck of Durham, and from the Lyberties and Counn'e Palatyne of the same, and firomhensforthe shalbee united and annexed to the sayd Toune of Newcastell upon Tyne, and too be taken demed and adjudged to be within the Countie and Shire of the same Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and be reputed and taken as parte parcell and member of the same Toune of Newcastell; and thinhabitantes of the same Toune of Gatesyde shalbe under the rule govemement and correctyon of the Mayo' and Burgesses as other of thinhabytauntes of the sayd Toune of Newcastell nowe been or of right ought to bee, to all ententes construcf&ns and purposes; And that the sayd Mayo' of Newcastell and Burgesses of the same Toune and their successoures from hensforthe ever shall have the same and lyke lyberties franchises privilegf jurisdictions punishementes obedience and correcc&ns, in the said Toune of Gatesyde aforesayd and the Medowe called the Sake Medowe and the Waters and Bridge belonging to the same Toune of Gatesyde, and of thenhabyters dwellers and occupiers of the same, as the sayd now Mayo' and Burgesses hathe or maye lawfully doo in all things and to all ententes in the sayd Towne of Newcastell.

Provided alwaye and be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte nor any thinge therin conteined shall not in any wise extende to take away any suche title of Comune from thenhabitauntes of the sayd Toune of Gateside, whiche they have or of right ought to have within the Bishoprick of Durham aforesayd, but that they and every of them their heires and successoures may have use and occupye the same as they might have doon before the making of this Acte, and as yf this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made; Any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and Bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the Mayo' and Burgeses of Newcastell and their successoures for ever shall have, touardes the reparae&n of the southsyde of the Brydge, their sufficient Woodd for the reparac&ns of the same Brydge, and also for the repara cons of the houses of Gatesyde aforesayd to bee taken and hadd out of the Wooddes of the Parcke of Gatesyde, in lyke maner and fourme as the sayd Toune of Gatesyde and thenhabitauntes of the same hathe afore tyme hadd the same, to the same entent, and to be delyvered unto them by thassignement of the Lorde or Owner or his sufficient Deputie or Deputies of the said Manour or Parck of Gatesyde aforesayd for the tyme being as often as nede shall require, the said Bridge to bee repayred by the sayd Mayor and Burgeses and their successoures at the costes and chardges of the sayd Mayo' and Burgeses and their successoures for ever.

Provided also and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the Byshoppe of Durham, and his successoures for ever, for all suche things as hee or they shall buy bring or carye into the sayd Towne of Newcastell or Gateside, or buy in them or any of them, for the mayntenaunce of their housholde or famylye, shall go free without payeng any Tolle Picage Stallage Wharffage or other dutie or custome for the same in the same Toune of Newcastell and Gatesyde.

Saving to all and every persone and persones bodies polityk and corporate their heires and successoures, and to theires and successoures of every of them, all suche right title interest possession leases annuiteis rentes servises reverc&ns remayndres offices fees comuns comoditees profites entree condic&ns peticions sute or action, whiche they now have or hereafter ought to have, of in or to any Manours Landes Messuages Tenementes or Hereditamentes lyeng and being within the sayd Toune of Gateside, other then the lyberties franchises privileges jurisdictions unitingf and annexions punishementes obediences correccions (1) interestes belonging to the said Bishopryck of Durham or of the Countye Palatine aforesayd heretofore claymed and used within the sayd Toune of Gatesyde, and in the Salt Meadowe Bridg and Waters aforesayd, and the Tymbrewoodd from tyme to tyme necessarye to bee taken and hadd in Gateside Parck for the reparac&ns aswell of the sayd Bridge as also of the Houses in Gateside aforesayd, in fourme afore rehearsed; Whiche sayd Towne of Gateside the Sake Meadowe Bridg and Waters aforesayd together withe thabovesaid Timber for the reparac&ns of the sayd Bridge and Houses to be taken in Gateside Parck aforesayd are united and annexed to the sayd Toune of Newcastell uppon Tyne as afore mencioned; in suche lyke maner and fourme as thei or any of them have hadd shoulde or might have hadd yf this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made ; Any thing in this pnte Acte conteined to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 and 0.

A.D. 1552-S.

7° Edw.VI. c. 11.

175

CHAPTER XL An Acte for the continuaunce of certayne Statutes.

WHERE in the Parliament begune and holden at London the thirdd day of November in the xxj yere of the Reigne of our most dreade Sovereyn Lorde of most famous inemorye King Henry the Eight, and from thens adjourned to Westmynster, and ther holden and continued by divers prorogacbns unto the dissoluc&n therof, One Acte was made and establyshed for the restreinte of carriage and conveigheing of Horses and Mares out of this Realme: And also one other Acte was ther made in the sayd Pliament for the true making of Cables Halsers and Ropes: And also one other Acte was ther made for the true wynding of Woolles: And one other Acte was ther made to restrayne killyng of Wainlynges Bullocks Stieres and Heiefers being under thage of twoo yeres: whiche said severall Actes were then made tendure and contynue to the next Plament, as by the same [three1] severall Actes more playnlye appearethe: And wher also in the same Plament one other Acte was made and establyshed for Atteintes to be sued for the punishement of Perjurye upon untrue Veredictes; whiche [Actes*] last before rehearsed were then made and ordeyned to contynue and endure to the last day of of the nexte Plament, as by the same [severall Actes’] more playnely at large ys shewed and may appeare : And Wher also in the Plament begune and holden at Westminster theight day of June in the xxviij yere of the Reigne of our sayd most dread Soverein Lorde King Henrye theight, and ther contynued and kepte unto the dyssolution therof, yt was ordeyned and enacted, that all and singler the sayd Actes above remembred and every of them shoulde contynue and endure in their force and strengthe and also bee observed and kept untill the last day of the next Plament; as by the same Acte emong other thinges therin conteyned more playnly appearethe: And Wher also in the Parlement begune and holden at Westminster the xxviij day of Aprill in the xxxj yere of the Reigne of our most dreade Sovereyn Lorde King Henry theight, and ther continued unto the xxviij11 daye of June then next following. It was ordeined and enacted by aucthorite of the same Plem1, that all and singler the sayd severall Actes above remembred and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteined, shoulde continue and endure in their forse and strengthe and also to bee observed and kept untill the last day of the next Plement, as by the same Acte amonges other things therin conteined more playnely appearethe: And wher also in the Pleament begune at Westminster the xvj daye of Januarye in the xxxij yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereyne Lorde, and ther continued untill the first day of Aprill in the xxxiij yere of our sayd late Sovereyn Lorde, ther was one other Acte made and established concerning buyeng of Fishe upon the Sea; as by the same Acte last recited more playnely dothe appeare: And where in the Pleament holden at Westminster in the xxxv"' yere of the Reigne of our most dread Sovereyn Lorde King Henry theight, one Acte was made for the preservacon of Wooddes tendure for seven yeres then next following, and from thens unto thende of the next Pleament; as by the same Acte more playnly dothe and maye appeare: And wher also att the Pleament holden at Westminster in the xxxvij yere of the Reigne of our sayd most dread Sovereyne Lorde King Henry theight, and ther continued and kept untill the dissolucbn therof, yt was ordeyned and enacted, that all and synguler the sayd Actes above mentioned and every of them. Except the said Acte made for the preservacbn of Wooddes as ys aforesaid, shoulde contynue and endure in their force and strengthe and also to be observed and kepte untill the last day of the next Pleam1; as by the same Acte amonges other things therm conteined more playnely appearethe: And where also in the Sessyon of a Pleam1 begune and holden at Westmynster the iiij*1 daye of November in the thyrde yere of the Reigne of our Sovereyne Lorde the King that now ys. One Statute made in the Pleament holden at Westminster in the xxxj yere of the Reigne of King Henry theight, touching unlawfull hunting in any Parke Forrest or Chace; And wher also one other Acte was made in the Sessyon of a Pleam1 holden at Westminster in the xxxij"1 yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King Henrye theight, touching wrongfull taking killyng or sleaying of any Dere within any Parke Chase or Grounde enclosed or used for Diere j whiche sayd severall Actes were by the sayd Acte made in the sayd iiij,h day of November in the sayd iij yere of o' sayd Sovereyn Lorde the King that nowe ys, revived, to contynue for iij yeres next following after the first day of Maye then next ensueng ; as by the same severall Actes more playnely doothe and may appeare: And where also at the Session of the Pleam1 holden at Westmynster the xiiij day of Marche in the thirde yere of the Reigne of or most dread Sovereyn Lorde the King that now ys, one Act was made for the true coryeng of Lether: And at the same Pleament one other Acte was made for the true making of Malte: And also one other Act was then and there made touching the true making of Leather: Whiche three severall Actes were made tendure to thende of the next Pleam1, as by the same three severall Actes more playnly appearethe: And wher also at a Session of a Pleam1 holden at Westminster the first day of Februarye in the fourthe yere of the Reigne of o' sayd Soverein Lorde the King that nowe ys. One other Acte was made for the punishm1 of unlawfull Assemblies and Risinges of the Kinges Subjectes: And also one other Act was ther made concerning the repeale of a br*nche of the sayd Act of Pleament before mentioned touching and concerning the buying of tanned Leather : And also one other Act was than and ther made agenst fonde and phantasticall Prophicies : And also one other Act was then and ther made concerning the buyeng of Roather Beastes: And also one other Act was then and ther made, touching the buieng and selling of Butter and Cheese; whiche sayd severall Actes were then and ther made tendure and continue unto thende of the next Pleam1, as by the same severall Actes more at large yt dothe and may appeare: And where also at the Session of a Pleam1 by prorogation holden at Westminster the xxiij day of Januarye in the fifthe yere of o’ sayd Soverein Lorde the King that nowe ys, one Act was then and ther made touching the provision and relief of the Poore, tendure to thende of the Session of the next Pleam1: And wher also at the same Session of Pleam1 last before mencioned, one other Acte wss

111 So also in Original Act.

St.ssH.VIII. c.7.

exporting Horse j

si H.VIII. c. is. making Cabin, tic, s} H.VIII. c.17.

winding Wools j

24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlings; 13 H.VIII. c.j. Attaints on untrue Verdicts;

all continued by St. s8 H.VIII. cc. 6, 8, 9.

and further by j 1 H.VIII. c.7.

33 H. VIII. c.s. regrating Fiah;

35 H.VIII. c. 17. preserving Woods.

All recited Acts, except 3j H.VIII. c. l7. continued by 37 H.VIII. c. S3.

iu Slat.

5. 6 E. VI. 17.]

3. * E.VI. c. 17. reviving Statutes 31 H.VIII. c.is. 3s H.VIII. c. 11. unlawful hunting of Deer, ice.

a, 3 E.VI. c.9. currying Leather;

C.IO. making Malt; c. It. tanning Leather;

3. 4 E.VI. c.5. unlawful Assemblies; c. 6. tanned Leather;

c. 15. Prophecies j c. 19. Cattle; c. SI. Butter and Cheese;

5, 6 E.VI. c.s. Relief of Poor;

176

7° Edw.VI. c. 11, 12.

A.D. 1552-3.

J.6E.VI. c. 14. Regraton, See.

All recited Acts continued, to End of next Parliament.

Felonies under 31 H.VIII. c.i*. 31 H.VIII. c. 11. as to Deer, shall not work Corruption of Blood.

Motives of this Subsidy; the Necessities induced by the Mismanagement of the Duke of Somerset while Protector, &c.

then and ther made agenst Regratoures and Forstallers, whiche Acte was made tendure to thende of the next Pleament: And Forasmuche as all and singuler the sayd severall Actes above mencioned be good and beneficiall for the Commune Wealthe of this Realme, Be yt therfore enacted ordeined and establyshed by the King our Soverein Lorde w"1 thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporal! and the Comons in this pnt Pleament assembled and by thaucthorite of the same. That all and singler the said severall Actes and Statutes above mencioned or rehearsed and every of them, and also the sayd Act concerning the preservac&n and keping of Wooddes, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, shalbe revived continued stande and endure in their force and strengthe, to all Intentf costruccftns and purposes, and shalbee observed and kept in all thinges untyll the last daye of the next Pleament.

(') Provided (’) and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That thattainder or conviction of any pson or psons, to be hadd or made for any thoffences conteined in the sayd Actes made in the xxxj and xxxij yeres of o' said late Soverein Lorde King Henry theight concerning hunting or kylling of Deare or Conies, or in either of them, shall not extende to cause any pson or psons to lose or forfaite any Inheritance or Dowre, nor to make any corrupcbn of bloud : But that after the Deathe of every such Offendo' and Offendo", theire and heires wief and wiefes of them and every of them shall and may inherite and have their Dowers, and be demed adjudged and enhabled to have and take the same, in suche maner and fourme as yf no suche Attaindo' or Conviccftn had been hadd or made: This Acte or the sayd former Actes or any thing therin conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

CHAPTE R XU. (*)

An Act for the Graunt of a Subsidye and twoo XV" and X" by the Temporaltie.

WE The Kynges Highnes moste faithfull and obedient Subjects, the Lords and Comyns in this p>sent Plyament assembled, consideryng and certeynly pceyvyng by dy$s meanes the earnest good wille and purpose that our said Sov’aigne Lorde hath to prefve maynteyne and contynue Us his naturall Subjects in this most fortunate Peace, wherunto after many Stormes and Tempestf of the Warres his Ma'1' hath by the goodnes of God restored Us, Do also notw'standyng his Ma'1" greate care and pollitique meanes used for the recoverie therof easely pceyve howe harde it shalbe for his Highnes to contynue and kepe us therin duryng the tyme of this troublesome State of Christendome, beyng as it were lamentably cutte and tome into peecf and factions of Warre, (Except his Highnes be restored to a further estate and furnyture of Treasure meate for the defence of theis his Realmes Domynyons and Subjects and like to other Pryncf having suche large Realmes Domynions and People,) the lacke and wante wherof as we knowe shall cheifly redounde to all our losses and detrymentf, w'* muste be defended and f^fved by the puisaunt power and might of our Sov'aigne Lorde and Heade and not by the multitude of our pryvate Riches and Strengthes at home; So also have We seen of late yeres playnly before our eyes, and felte in a greate parte of our sorowfull hartes, the very pryncypall cheif and firste causes of this lacke, duryng the tyme of the wilfull mysgo^naunce of this Noble Realme and other the Kings Domynyons by the late Protecto’ Duke of So&sett, to whome Almighde God graunte his i8cy, whoe first of his insaciate ambicion, contrary to thadvief of all wise and good Counsayllo’s, havyng gotten into his hands the soole govViaunce of the moste sacred psone of our So^aigne Lorde, and consequently the Protecto'ship of all his Highnes Realmes and Domynyons, ymediatly to lay a fytte foundacon for liis unhappy and unskilfull GovWment brought the Kyngf Mall*, (whome he toke by pretence to govW beyng lefte by his Highnes Father of moste famous memory in tendre yeres but yet in Peace,) sodaynly into open Hostilitie and Warres against two puisaunt Realmes at once, consideryng neither thabilide to begynne, nor meanes to contynue them, wherin folowyng alwayes his owne singularide by styrryng and increasyng of newe Quarrellf and causes of Warre, by unadvysed Invasyons, by desperate Interpricf and Voyagf, by sumptuous endles vayne Fortyficac&ns both in forayn Realmes and in the Seas, by bryngyng into the Realme of costly and greate nombre of Straungers Men of Warre and suche other innumerable vayne devyses, he did not onely exhauste and utterly wayste the Kyngf Ma'f Treasure and Revenues of his Crowne and of Us his Highnes Subjects, but also endaungered his Ma*f Creditte beyonde the Seas w* dyps straunge nichauntf, by takyng up and borowyng greate Somes of Money growyng from tyme to tyme more and more indurably, whiche gate of Mysery beyng so wyde opened We all knowe and the beste parte of us felte what a heape of Calamytyes selle upon all the Realme ymediady, yea and to this day what prestf and memory therof remayneth not hooly yet filled up; Firste the Kyngf Majesties Treasure of all sortes waasted, the greate Substaunce of the Moneyes molted and altered in bayse coyne for the fvyng of the Charges of these Warres, the Lawes and auncyent Pollycie of this Noble Realme dissolved and unjoynted, and by example hereof the estate of Irelande endaungered w* Factions and Rebellyons, wherin no smalle somes of Treasure were also waasted in Armies and Fortyfycafbns, parte wherof remayne unto this p*sent day of necessitie; In the myddest of all these myseries, by suffraunce of the said late Proetectour, roose up a monstruous and daungerous Rebellyon of the lewde nombres and baser multitude against their heddf, the w'standyng and happy stay whereof, although it came through the ficyfulnes of God by the labo' and fortytude of others worthye etemall prayse, subduyng the hedelesse ragyng people in sundry partes of the Realme, delyv’yng Us the Kyngf Majesties naturall Subjects out of unnaturall Subjection to hym that ruled Us w* disorder, and fynally restoryng the Royall Psone of the Kyngf Highnes to the freedome of his Pryncely estate and consequently to an hoSable Peace w* his Enemyes, yet coulde not hitherto the

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 12.

177

great breache and ruyne of the Kyngf Ma*f Estate touching his Treaso' be repayred, or reenforced whiche consequently folowed upon the firste foundacons broken, althoughe in other Poyntf of the decaye (thanked be God) the Kyngf Majesties owne iSvaylous intellygence, w' the industrie of good Counsellon, hath notably supplyed and amended the Defaultf ; And as these fori8 Errours brought his Majestie into utter Waastf of his owne Treasure and Rychesse, into thexpencf of our Subsedies graunted for the same Warres, though nothyng answerable to thexpencf of the same,

Fynallye into notable and unmeasurable charges beyonde the Seas for provysions of money taken up in tyme of Warres,

So yet to the increase of this forn} sore we remember and pceyve also that there were exceedyng greate charges lefte by the late Kynge of famous memorye by reason of his Warres, to be discharged aswell beyonde the Seas towards Straungers, as on thisside towards his owne Subjects, wcb of their nature beyonde the Seas did for lacke of payment growe excessyvely, besidf the late evident greate charge and losse susteyned by the Kings Majestie for thonely proffitt of his publique Weale, in the reducyng of parte of his Coyne from a notable basenes to a fyne Standarde, by the whiche "his Majestie lacketh a greate pryvate gayne in his Myntf, beyng nowe worthe no Revenue at all but raither chargeable,

And the rest of whiche Coyne we truste he will shortly reduce to like fynes: All Whiche things We his Majesties most faithfull and naturall lovyng Subjects waieng w‘ our selfes and consideryng dypse greate weightie matters herupon depending for the p*fvac5n of this auncyent noble Imperyall Crowne, Albeit we see manifestly before our eyes our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, disposed of his good nature rather dayly to dymynyshe the Revenewe of his Crowne lately augmented by his Father of moste famous memory, towards the unburthenyng of his greate intollerable weights and chargf lying and growyng in Straungers handes beyonde the Seas, then to calle upon his naturall Subjects and People, like as dayly we heare and knowe that all other most Ctiren Pryncf do in causes of lesse importaunce, and like his Ma'f noble Progenytors have alwayes done in suche causes heretofore : Yet for the prefvac&n of our selfs and o' Posteritie in this peace and wealthe wherunto we have by the great charges of our Sov'aigne Lorde ben blessedly brought.

For the maynteynaunce and upholdyng of the Crowne and Dignytie Imperyall of this noble Realme in Hono' and

might against all attemptf of foreyne and auncyent Enemyes, for the restauracon of this decayed house of the Comon

Welthe, havyng suffred vyolacon and ruyne by exile of Justice in the former tyme of the foreseid evill gov'n'nce, for the

comfortyng and encouragyng of our most Ctiren Kynge in his blessed and famous purposes and proceadyngf, to

thestablyshyng both of true Ctiren religion in this his Churche of Englande and Irelande, and of a Ctiren Pollycye

in the Cyvyle state of the same. And fynally for some manyfest demonstracon of o' naturall bounden dueties and

loves towardes our Sov'aigne Lorde and supreame Hed the Kyngf moste excellent Majestie, to be in some

pte like and compable to the good wills of other straunge People and Subjects to their heades and Kyngf, We do

offre most humbly w' our right good free and franke wills, this our symple gyfte ; bechechyng his Highnes to caste the

eyes of his mynde rather upon our lowly good true harts and good wills, then upon the symplenes and basenes

of the gyfte, Offeryng therin all our naturall Dueties Obbeysaunce and Allegeaunce to thuttermost of our power in

bodyes and substaunce for the maynteynaunce of his Majesties Estate and Royall Croune under the defence wherof the

saretie of us all and our posteritie consisteth : Whkrfore We the seid Lordes and Comyns do by our mutuall assentf Grant of Two

and agreamentf w* one hale voyce and hartie good wille, by thauctoritie of this present plyament, gyve and graunte to the ^TWhTon'*

Kyngf Highnes towardes his foreseid greate costs and inestymable charges, Twoo hoole Fyftenes and Tenthes to be had Penonalty,

paide taken and levied of the movable goodes cattail f and other thyngf usuall to suche XV. and Tenthes to be ^.^duTti^g

contributory and chargeable wfe the Shires Cities Boroughes Townes and other placf of this his Realme in maS and of "c*1

fourme aforetyme used; (Excepte the some of twelve thousande Poundes therof fully to be deducted, that is to say, 4C.

Syxe thousande poundes of either of the seid hoole XV"* & Tenthes of the sdme that a Fiftene and Tenthe atteyneth unto in relief compforte and discharge of the poore Townes Cities and Boroughes of this his seid Realme waasted desolate and destroyed,) or or greatly impov’yshed, after suche rate as was and hath afore this tyme be had and made unto ev'y Shire, and to be devyded in suche man! and fourme as heretofore for one hoole Fiftene and Tenthe was had and devyded j And the seid XV"* and Tenthes, (the excepcions and deduc&ns aforeseid therupon had deducted and allowed,) to be paide in mati and fourme folowyng (that is to say); the first hoole Fiftene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be paide to his Highnes in the Receipte of his Exchequier at or before the xxix" day of June next cdmyng, and the seconde hoole Fiftene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be paide to his Highnes at the Receipte of his said Eschequier at or before the feast of Seynt Andrewe thappostle whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fiftie and fyve.

And Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid. That the Knightf elected and reto'ned of and for the Shires within this Realme for this p>sent plyament, Citezens of Cities, and Burgeses of Boroughes and Townes where Collecto’s have byn used to be named and appoynted for the Colleccion of any Fiftene and Tenthe before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoynte yerely before the vj* day of Aprill in either of the seid two yeres, sufficient and able psons for the collecc&n of the seid Fiftene and Tenthe in ev'y of the seid Shires Cities Boroughes and Townes, the seid psons then havyng landes tents or heredytamentf in his or their owne right of the yerely value of tenne poundes, or in goodes one hundred fikes at the leaste: And also suche psone or psones so by them to be named and appoynted for the collecc&n of the seid XV. and Tenthe shalbe by them sePally appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakf Cities Boroughes and Townes : And the seid psones so named and appoynted for the collecc&n of the same Fiftene and Tenthe shalbe charged and chargeable upon his or their Accompte or Accomptf in the Eschequer to be made, w* all suche some or somes of money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appoynted amounte unto, and of no more some or somes; And upon the payment of suche somes of Money as he or they shalbe charged w', shalbe discharged and have his Quietus est. The non accomptyng or non payment of any other his felowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notw'standyng. And the seid Knightf Citizens and Burgeses for the Shires Cities and Boroughes wherunto they be elected named and reto'ned shall accordyng to the ten' of this Acte certefyve ePy yere duryng the seid two yeres, before the Kynge in his Chauncery yerely w*in one Monethe next after suche their nomynacon elecc&n and appoyntment of the seid Collectours the names and

II.

Collector* shall be named by the Member* of Parliament for the •ereral Shire*, kc.;

and allotted to •ereral Division* t

and chargeable for the tame •ererally

and their Name* certified into Chancery;

Z /.

178

7° Edw.VI. c. 12.

A.D. 1552-3.

or in Default such Collector* shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

Their Allowance«

Process againat auch Collectors.

III. Collectors ahall enter into Recognisances for due Payment of the Subsidy.

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalties, from to jt'io, 8d per Pound j j£ioto £ia, itd.j jCjo and upwards, l6d.; on Natives:

Upon Aliena, under tB$, 8d.;

£j to jtio, lid.; jgiotoagio, 18d.; <£io and above, 2$.

surnames of e$y of the seid Collectours for the seid Fyftene and Tenthe, together w‘ the place allotted to their collecc&n and charge duryng either of the seid two yeres, before the sixte day of May in ePy of the same two yeres; And yf defaulte of any suche certefying be had or made in fourme as is aboveseid, then the Lorde Chauncellour of Englande for the tyme beyng shall, ymediatly after, name and appoynte Collectours for the colleccion of the same two Fyftenes and Tenthes, in man! and fourme as the seid Knight f of the Shire Citezens of Cities and Burgeses of Boroughes shulde hare done and as afore tyme have byn used: The whiche seid Collectours and ev'y of them shall have like allowaunce upon their Accomptf for their fees wages and rewardes for the colleccbn of the seid Fyftenes and Tenthes, in as large maS and fourme as any Collecto' or Collecto's of XVt" & X"1 have had at any season in tyme paste ; And that the Barons of the Kyngf Eschequer for the tyme beyng shall and may from tyme to tyme awarde suche processes for the spedy payment therof against the Collectour and Collectours of the same, as by their discressions shalbe thought convenyent.

Provyded 3 and Be it enacted by thauctoritie of this present Plyament, That the seid Lorde Chauncellour

Knyghtf of the Shyre Citezens and Burgeses, havyng aucthoritie by this Acte to name and nomynate the seid Collectours of and for the seid two hoole XV" & Tenthes and of ev*y of them, shall upon their nomynacbn and eleccion had and made, take by aucthoritie of this pWnt Plyament sufficient recognysauncf or by obligacbn of ePy psone so by them to be named, to be bounde to the Kinge in the dooble some of the s5me of their Colleccyon, and to be endorsed upon suche condicion, that yf the seid Collecto' or Collecto's do truely content and pay to thuse of the Kynge in his Receyte of his Eschequer, before the seid sev’all dayes of payment of the seid Fifienes and Tenthes, so moche of the some of money allotted and appoynted to his colleccion as he the same Collecto'hath collected and gathered, and do likewise before the seid sev’all dayes of payment content and pay to the Kyngf use at the same Receyte, the residue of his collecf&n and charge w'in one monethe ni>xt after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the seid Recognysaunce or Obligaf&n to be voide or els to stonde in his tulle strength and vertue j whiche recognysauncf or obligacbn so taken the seid Knightf of the Shires Citezens and Burgeses and ePy of them takyng any suche Recognysaunce or Obligacbn, shall certefie and delyp to the seid Lorde Treasorer and Barons of the same Eschequer yerely duryng the seid two yeres before the seid seiPall dayes of payment before lymyted and appoynted, upon payne of forfeyture of tenne poundes to the Kynge for ev’y Recognysaunce or Obligacbn so to be taken and not certpfied ; and that ev*y suche Collectour, upon request to hym made, shall make and knowlege the same Recognysaunce or Obligacbn accordyngly upon lyke payne and forfeyture of tenne pounds to the Kynge for his refusell therof; And that the Treasorer or Barons of the Eschequer upon the payment of the same colleccyon, or at the seid day, shall cancell and delyv* the seid Recognysaunce or Obligacbn to the seid Collectour or Collectours w‘out any fee or rewarde to be paide to any psone for the same.

And We the seid Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and Comens of this psent Plyament assembled, right welle pceyvyng the seid two hoole XV" and Tenthes nowe gr*unted to his Highnes as is aforeseid to extende to a smalle some of money and nothing sufficient to accomplyshe the charges of the Kyngf most Pryncely Affaires for the defence of Us the Kyngf moste lovyng Subjects, We the seid Lordes and Comens for the consideradbns aforeseid moste entierly w1 good harte and mynde do gyve and graunte to the Kynges Highnes towards his foreseid greate costes and inestymable charges, One entier Subsidie to contynue by the space of two yeres to be rated taxed levyed and paide of ev*y pson spirituall and tempor.ill, of what estate or degree he or they be (accordyng to the teno' of this Acte) in man! and so'me folowyng (that is to say); yerely duryng the same two yeres aswell of evy psone borne w'in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kyngf Domynyons as of all and everie Fraternytie Guylde Corporacion Mysterie Brotherhed and Comynaltie corporated or not corporated w'in Englande Wales or other the Kyngf Domynyons, beyng worthe Fyve pounds and under tenne poundes, for ev*y pounde aswell in Coyne and the value of epy pounde that ev*y suche psone Fraternitie Guylde Corporacbn Mysterie Brotherhed and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also plate stocke of iQchandyzes almaS of cornes and blades householde stuffe and of all other Goods movable, aswell w'in this Realme as w'out, and of all suche somes of money as to hym and them is or shalbe owyng wherof he or they truste in his or their consciencf surely to be paide, Excepte and out of the pmisses deducted suche s5mes of money as he or they owe and in his or their consciencf truely entendeth to pay and except also the apparell of suche psones their wyfes and children belongyng to their owne bodies (savyng Jewellf Golde Sylv1 Stone and Peerle) Eight pence of and for ev’y pounde yerely duryng the seid two yeres: And also of ev’y psone borne under the Kynges Obeysaunce, and all and ev’y Corporacbn Fraternytie Guylde Mystery Brotherhed and Comynaltie Corporate or not Corporate, beyng worthe tenne pounds in Goodes as is afore specified and under the value of twenty poundes shall pay yerely duryng the seid two yeres for ev’y pounde, Twelve pence of the pounde: And likewise ev*y psone borne under the Kyngf Obeysaunce, and e$y Corporacbn Fraternytie Guylde Mysterie Brotherhoode and Comynaltie Corporate or not Corporate, beyng worth in Goodes as is aboveseid twenty poundes and so upwardf in Goods as is before seid, shall phy yerely duryng the seid two yeres Sixtene pence of and for ev*y pounde: And also of ev’y Alien and Straunger borne out of the Kyngf Obeysaunce, aswell Denyzens as other inhabytyng win this Realme, for e9y pounde that he or they have in Coyne and the value of ev*y pounde in Plate Come Grayne nichaundise housholde stuffe or other Goodes Jewellf Chattellf movable or unmovable as is aforeseid, aswell w'in this Realme as w'out, and of all somes of money to hym or them owyng, wherof he or they truste in his or their conscience or consciencf to be paide, (Except and of the same premisses deducted e\?y suche some or somes of money whiche he or they do owe, and in his or their conscience or consciencf intende truely to pay,) of and for ev*y pounde to fyve pounde. Eight pence yerely of ePy pounde in either of the seid two yeres; and likewise of and for v ti. and for ePy pounde from Fyve poundes to Tenne poundes yerely of e9y pounde duryng the seid two yeres Twelve pence; And of and

1 The Original it here dtfaetd; * alway ’ Printtd Copies.

Go

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c. 12.

179

for tenne pounds to twenty poundes yerely, of ev’y pounde duryng the seid two yeres xviij d.; And of and for twenty poundes in Goodes as is before rehersed and so upwardf of ev'y pounde yerely duryng the seid two yeres Two shillingf:

And also that ePy Alien and Straunger, borne out of the Kyngf Domynyons beyng Denyzen or not Denyzen not Poll Tu of 4A beyng contributorye to any of the rats aforeseid, shall pay yerely duryng the seid two yeres for ev'y poll foure pence, and the Maister or he or she w' whom the same Alien is or shalbe abydynge at the tyme of the yerely taxad&n therof to be charged w" the same for lacke of payment therof.

And Be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforeseid, That ev'y psone borne under the Kyngf Obeysaunce, and ev'y Further Subtidy on Corporac&n Fraternitie Guylde Mystery Brotherhood and Comynalde Corporate or not Corporate, yerely duryng the seid two yeres shall pay for ev'y pounde that e9y the same psone and ev'y Corporac&n Fraternide Guylde Mystery ai. in the /ound Brotherhed and Comynaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or any other to his or their use hath in Fee Symple fee tayle for terme of lyfe terme of yeres by execuc&n wardship or by copye of Courterolle, of and in any Honours castellf manours lands tents rents fvicf heredytamentf annuities fees corrodies or other yerely proffittf of the yerely value of twenty shillingf, aswell w'in auncyent demene and other placf ptyvyleged as elswhere, and so upwarde, Two shillingf of and for ePy pounde duryng either of the seid two yeres; And ev’y Alien borne out of the Kyngf Obeysaunce in suche case to pay yerely duryng the seid two yeres, Three shillingf of ev'y pounde: And that all somes presented and Fraction! of chargeable by this Acte, either for Goodes and Dettf or for lands and tents and the other pmisses, as is in this Acte

conteyned, and beyng no folle pounde, shalbe yerely duryng the seid two yeres rated sett and taxed after the rate and porc&n therof accordyng to the true meanyng of this Acte; (Lands and tefitf chargeable to the Dysme of the Clergye Exemption!; and yerely wages due to fv*ntf for their yerely /vice, other then the Kyngf /v*ntf takyng yerely wages of fyve pounds or above, onely excepted and forprysed;) And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goodes Dettf and Cattellf psonallf beyng ^od'n^[t in the Ruele and Custody of any psone or psones, to thuse of any Corporacion Fraternitie Guylde Mysterye Brotherhed or any Comynaltie beyng Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sette and charged byreason of this Acte as the value certefied by the Presenters of that Certyfycat to be sworne of every pounde in Goodes and dettf as is aboveseid, And of ev’y pounde in Landes tents annuyties fees corrodies or other yerely proffittf as is aboveseid, and the somes that are before rehersed sett and taxed to be levyed and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custody or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehersed; And the same psone or psones and Body Corporate, by thauctoritie of this Acte, shalbe discharged against hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyv’ie therof or at his otherwise depture from the Custody or Possession of the same: (Excepte and Exception for alwayes foreprysed from the charge and assessement of this Subsedye all Goodes Cattellf Jewellf and Omamentf of churchei. See. Churches 8c Chappellf, whiche have byn ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the honour and /vice of Almightie God.)

And the seid Subsedye shalbe, by thauctoritie aboveseid, taxed assessed and rated accordyng to this Acte in ev’y Time! oT rating Shire Rydyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Boroughe Towne and ev'y other place w'in this Realme of Englande and *k<j

Wales and other the Kyngf Domynyons, before the laste day of October yerely duryng the same two yeres; And the u " " pdculer somes of ev’y Shire Rydyng Borough Towne and other places aforeseid, w' the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable of and to the seid Subsedie, to be taxed and sette by ComyssyorJs to the same lymyted, or two of them at the leaste, w* the names of the High Collecfours, and in the same fourme shalbe certefied yerely duryng the seid two yeres in the Kyngf Eschequier before the xxviijti day of November, w* the names of the High Collectours of the same: And the seid somes, in mai3 and fourme aforeseid taxed, shalbe yerely paid into the Kyngf Receipte of his To be p^» well Eschequer aforeseid, to thuse of our seid SoPaigne Lorde in ev’y of the seid two yeres before the xiiij* day of February ^hout,

duryng the seid two yeres; And the somes aboveseid of and for the seid Subsedie shalbe taxed sett asked and [&* § XXVIII.] demaunded taken gathered levied and paid unto thuse of our seid Soveraigne Lorde his heires and successours in fourme aboveseid, aswell w'in the Liberties fraunchesies Sanctuaryes auncyent demesne and other whatsoever place exempt or not exempte, as w'out; (Except suche Shires placf and psons as shalbe foreprysed in and by this ^sent Acte;) Any Graunte Charter fPscripc&n Use or Liberde by reason of any tres patentf or other pryvilege pkcripc&n allowaunce of the same or whatsoev’ other matter of discharge heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned notw'standyng.

And it is further enacted by thauctoritie of this f?sent Plyament, That ev’y suche psone aswell suche as be borne Rlting of * under the Kyngf Obeysaunce, as ev'y other p6one Straunger borne Denyzen or not Denyzen, inhabytyng win this to

Realme or win Wales or other the Kyngf Domynyons, whiche at the tyme of the seid assessyng or taxac&n yerely to Aueumenti, Ac. be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme and out of Wales, and have Goodes or cattallf lands or tents fees or annuities or other proffittf win this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certyfycat of the Inhabytauntf of the pties where suche Goods cattellf lands tents or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche p6one or his Factour deputie or atto’ney shall have his moste resorte unto w’in this Realme or in Wales, in like maS as yf the same psone were or had byn at the tyme of the same assessynge win this Realme:

And that ePy psone abydyng or dwellyng win this Realme or w'out this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsedye graunted by this Acte accordyng and after the rate of suche yerely substaunce or value of Lands and tents goods cattellf and other the fPmisses, as ev’y psone so to be charged, shalbe sett at in the tyme of the seid assessyng or taxac&n upon hym to be made, and in none otherwise.

And Furthermore Be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforeseid, That for the assessyng and orderyng of the seid Subsedy to yill. be duely had, the Lorde Chauncellour of Englande, the Lorde Treasorer of [of1] England, the Lorde President of the Kyngf moste HoSable Counsell, and the Lorde Pryvie Seale for the tyme beyng or two of them at the leaste, whereof the

Go

180

7° Edw.VI. c. 12.

A.D. 1552-3.

Appointment of Commissioners for making Assessments in Shim, Citiea, &c.

Limited Power! of Commiuionri! in Corporation!:

Commitiions shall be iuucd out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate District!.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, See. (

shall yearly before i&thSept. summon Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend a Meeting for putting this An into Execution.

Lorde Chauncellour of Englande for the tyme beyng to be one of them, shall and may name and appoynt of and for ePy Shire and Rydyng and other places aswell w'in this Realme as in Wales and other the Kyngf Domynyons, and also of and for ev'y Citie and Towne beyng a Countye'in it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certeyn nomber of psones of ev'y of the same Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakf Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wight and ev'y other place and other the Inhabitauntf of the same, to be ComyssyoSs w'in the same wherof they be Inhabitauntf, And also of and for the hoSable Housholde of the Kynge our Sov’aigne Lorde the Lady Mary and the Lady Elizabethes Gracf the Kyngf Ma'f Systers, and the Lady Anne of Cleaves, in what Shires or other Placf the said Housholde shall happen then to be; and the Lorde Chauncellour and other w' hym before named, in like man! may name and appoynte of ev'y other suche Boroughe and Towne Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales and other the Kyngf Domynyons as they shall thynke requysite, sixe fyve foure three or two of the hed Officers and other sad and honest Inhabytauntf of ev’y of the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate accordyng to the nomber and multitude of People beyng in the same; The whiche psones, yf any suche be therunto named of the seid Inhabytauntf of the seid Borowes and Townes Corporate not beyng Counties in themselff, shalbe joyned and putte in as ComyssyoSs w' the psons named for suche Shires and Rydyngf as the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate [nor1] beyng Counties in themselff be sette and have their beyng; whiche psones so named for and of the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate not beyng Counties, by reason of their dwellyng in the same, shall not take upon them ne none of them to putte any pte of their Comyssyon in execucbn for the phnisses out of the seid Boroughe or Towne Corporate wherin they beyng so named onely for the same be dwellyng, And also not to execute the seid Comyssyon win the Borough or Towne Corporate where they be so dwellyng at suche dayes and tymes as the seid other ComyssyoSs for the same Shire and Rydyng shall therunto lymyte and appoynte wlin the same Boroughe or Towne Corporate not beyng Countie Corporate wherof they so be, and not out of suche Boroughe or Towne, and in that man! to be aydyng and assistyng w’ the seid other ComyssyoSs in and for the good executyng of theffecte of the seid Cdmyssyon, upon payne of ev'y of the seid ComyssyoSs so named for ev'y suche Citie Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beyng a Countie, to make suche Fyne as the seid other ComyssioSs in the Comyssyon of and for the seid Shire or Rydyng so named or three of them at the leaste shall by their discressions sette and certefie into the Kyngf Eschequer, there to be levied to thuse of our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kynge, in like man! as suche or like somes had byn sett and rated upon ev'y suche psone for the seid Subsedie; The whiche ComyssyoSs so named of and for the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes not beyng Counties, and onely putte in the seid Comyssion by reason of their dwellyng in the same, shall not have any pte of the porcion of the fees and rewardes for the ComyssioSs and their Clerkes in this Acte afterwarde specified : And the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keper of the Kyngf Greate Seale for the tyme beyng, shall make and dyrecte out of the Courte of Chauncery under the Kyngf Greate Seale, sePall Comyssyons (that is to say) to ev'y Shire Rydyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and Householde unto suche psone and psones as by his discression and other w* hym aforenamed and appoynted, in like maner and fourme as is afore rehersed shalbe thought sufficient, for the cessyng and levying of the seid Subsedye, in all Shires and Placf accordyng to the true meanyng of this Acte; Whiche Comyssion shalbe directed and delyv'ed to the seid ComyssioSs or to one of them before the firste day of September yerely duryng the seid two yeres, and to ev'y of the seid C5myssions tenne Cedules conteynyng in them the teno' of this Acte shalbe affyled; By the whiche Comyssyon the Comyssyoners in ev'y suche Comyssyon named accordyng to this Acte, and as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the same Comyssyon, shall have fulle power and aucthoritie to putte theffecte of the same Cdmyssyon in execucbn : And that by aucthoritie of this Acte after suche Comyssion to them directed yerely duryng the seid two yeres, they may by their assentf and agreamentf sever themselff for thexecucftn of their Comyssion in Hundreds Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes pishes and other placf w'in the lymytes of their seid Comyssion, in suche fourme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be communed and agreed accordyng to the tenor and effecte of the Comyssion to them therin directed ; Upon w* sev’aunce ev'y psone of this present Plyament that shalbe Comyssion! shalbe assigned in the Hundred wherin he dwelleth : Provyded alwayes that no psone be or shalbe compelled to be any Comyssyon! to and for the execucon of this present Acte but onely in the Shire where he dwellethe and inhabiteth, and that any psone beyng assigned to the contrary therof in any wise shall not be compelled to putte in execucbn the effecte of this Acte or any pte therof.

And It is also Enacted by thauctoritie of this £>sent Plyament, That the ComyssyoSs and ev'y of them, w* shalbe named lymyted and appoynted accordyng to this Acte to be Comyssioners in ev'y suche Shire Rydyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and the seid Housholdf or any other Place and none other, shall truely effectually and dylygently for their pte execute theffecte of this p*sent Acte accordyng to the teno' therof in ev'y behalfe, and none otherwise by any other meanes, w’out omyssyon favo' dreade malice or any other thynge to be attempted and done by them or any of them to the contrary hereof: And the seid ComyssyoSs and as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the seid Comyssion, and none other, for thexecucbn of the seid Comyssyon and Acte, shall yerely duryng the seid two Yeres before the xiiij" day of September, by vertue of the Comyssions delyv'ed unto them in fourme aboveseid, directe their sev'all or joynt pcepte unto eight seven six fyve four or three or mo, as for the nomber of the Inhabytauntf shalbe requysite, of the most substancyall discrete & honest psones inhabitauntf to be named by the seid ComyssyoSs or by as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the seid Comyssion, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards pishes Townes and other placf aswell w'in Liberties fraunchesies auncyent demeanes placf exempted and sanctuaries as w’out, w'in the lymytes of the Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes or Isle aforeseid, and other places w'in the lymytf of their Comyssion, and to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other like Officers or Mynisters of ev’y of the seid Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes pishes and other1 placf beforeseid, as to the seid CSmyssyoSs and ev'y nomber of them unto three of them by their discression in Dyvysion shall seeme expedient, as by the maS and use of that ptees shalbe requysite; Straytly by the same p>cepte charging and comaundyng the same

1 not Printed Copies.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c. 12.

181

Inhabitauntf Constables and other Officers aforeseid to whome suche p'cepte shalbe so directed, to appeare in their propre peons before the seid Comyssio8, or suche nomber of them as they shall devide themselff accordyng to the teno' of the seid Comyssyon, at certeyn dayes and placf by the seid ComyssyoSs or any nombre of them as is aboveseid w'in Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate or w'out in any other place as is aforeseid by their discressions shalbe lymyted therunto, to do and accomplisshe all that to them on the ptie of our Sov^aigne Lorde the Kynge shalbe enjoyned touching this Acte; comaundyng further by the same p*cepte that he to whose hands suche p>cepte shall come, shall shewe or delyv^e the same to thother Inhabytauntf or Officers named in the same p*cepte. And that none of them fayle to accomplishe the same upon payne of xl s. to be forfeyted to the Kynge.

And It is further ordeyned by thauctoritie of this Plyainente, That at the seid day and place p>fixed and lymyted in the seid p>ceptf ev'y of the ComyssyoSs then beyng in the Shire and havyng no sufficient excuse for his absence, shall at the seid day and place pfixed, for that pte wherunto he was lymyted, appeare in his propre pson; And there the same ComyssyoSs beyng present or as many as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssyon, shall calle or cause to be called before them, the seid Inhabitauntf and Officers to whome they have directed their seid fPceptf, and whiche had in comaundement their to appeare by the seid p*cepte of the seid ComyssyoSs; And yf any psone so warned make defaulte, oneles he then be letted by sicknes or lawful! excuse and that lette then to be witnessed by the Othes of two credable psones, Or yf any apperyng refuse to be swome in fourme folowyng, to forfeyt to the Kynge forty shillyngf; And so at eSy tyme duryng the seid two yeres pfixed for the same cause, unto suche tyme the nombre of ev*y suche psones have appeared and certyfyed in fourme undrewrytten; And e9y of them so making defaulte or refusyng to be sworne, to forfeyt to the Kynge fortye shillingf, and upon the same apparaunce had, one of the moste substancyall Inhabitauntf or Officer so beyng warned and appearyng before the seid ComyssioSs, shalbe swome yerely duryng the seid two yeres upon a Booke openly before the ComyssyoSs in so'me folowyng: I shall truely enquyre w* my fellowes that shalbe charged w‘ me of the Hundred Wapentake WardeTowne or other place of the beste and moste value of the substaunce of evy psone dwellyng and abydyng w‘in the lymytes of the placf that I and my fellowes shalbe charged w’, and of other whiche shall have his or their moste resorte unto any of the seid placf and chargeable w* any some of money by this Acte of this seid Subsedie, and of all other Articles that I shalbe charged w* touchyng the seid Acte, and accordyng to the intent of the same j And therupon as neare as it may or shall come to my knowlege truely to psent and certefie before you the Names surnames and the best and uttermost substaunce and values of evy of them, aswell of Lands tents and other heredytamentf possessions and proffittf, as of Goodes cattellf dettf and other thyngf chargeable by the seid Acte w'out any conceylment favour love affeccon dreade feare or malice; So helpe me God and the hooly contentes of thys Booke: And ei?y other psone that shall appeare there yerely by the seid Preceptf shall make like Othe: And upon the Othe so taken as is aforeseid, by the Inhabytauntf and Officers of e$y Hundred Warde Wapentake Towne or other place, the seid ComyssyoSs shall yerely openly there reade or cawse to be red unto them the seid Rates, and openly declare the effecte of their charge unto them, in what man! and fourme they ought and shulde make their Certyfycatf accordyng to the rates and somes therof aboveseid, and of almaS of psons aswell of Aliens and Straungers Denyzens or not Denyzens inhited w'in this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne w*in the Kings obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte, and of the Possessions goodes and cattellf of Fraternities Guyldf Corporac&ns Brotherhedf Mysteries and Comynalties and other as is aboveseid, and of psons beyng in the plies of beyonde the Seas, havyng Goods or cattellf lands or tents w'in this Realme as is beforeseid, and of all Goodes beyng in the custody to thuse of any other as is aboveseid ; by the whiche informac&n and shewyng the said psones shall have suche playne knowlege of the true entent of this present Acte and of the maner of their Certyfycat that the same psones shulde have no reasonable cause to excuse them by Ignoraunce: And after suche Othes and the Statute of the seid Subsidye, and the ma8 of the seid Certyfycat to be made in wrytyng conteynyng the Names and surnames of ev'y psone, and whether he be borne w'out the Kyngf Obeysaunce or w'in, and the beste value of ePy psone in epy degree, aswell of yerely value of Lands and tents. and of suche like possessions and proffittf, as the value of Goods and cattellf dettf, and e9y thynge to their seid Certyfycat requysite and necessarye to them declared, the seid Comyssyonls there beyng shall by their discressions appoynte and lymytte unto the seid psons another day and place to appeare afore the seid ComyssyoSs, and chargyng the saide psons that they in the meane tyme shall make dylygent Inquyrie by all wayes and meanes of the p>misses ; and then and there ev*y of them upon payne of forfeyture of xl s. to the Kynge, to appeare at the seid newe p*fixed day and place there to certefie unto the seid ComyssyoSs in wrytyng accordyng to their seid charge, and accordyng to the true intent of the seid graunte of Subsydye, and as to them in ma8 aforeseid hath byn declared and shewed by the ComyssioSs; At wA day & place so to them fPfixed, yf any of the seid psones make defaulte, or appeare and refuse to make the seid Certyfycat, that then ev*y of them So offendyng to forfeyte to the Kyng xl s.; (Except onely a reasonable excuse for his defaulte by reason of sicknes or otherwise by the Othes of two credable psones there witnessed be had ;) And of suche as appeare redy to make Certyfycat as is aforeseid the seid ComyssyoSs there beyng shall take and receyve the same Certyfycat and ePy pte therof, and the names values & substaunce of epy psone so certefied, and yf the same ComyssyoSs see cause reasonable they shall examyne the seid p*senters therof; and therupon the seid ComyssyoSs at the seid dayes and place by their agreament amonge themselff shall yerely duryng the seid two yeres openly there jpfixe a day at a certeyn place or placf w'in the lymytf of their Comyssion by their discression for their further procedyng to the seid assessyng of the same Subsedie ; And therupon at the seid day of the seid Certyfycat as is beforeseid taken, the same ComyssyoSs shalle make their pcept or pceptf to the Constables Subconstables Baylifif or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Placf aforeseid, as the same ComyssyoSs shalbe of, comprysyng and conteynyng in the same p>cepte the Names and surnames of all psones p'sented before them in the seid Certyfycat, of whome yf the seid ComyssyoSs or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion, shall then have vehement suspecte to be of more greter value or substaunce in Lands goods

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners on Penalty of 40s. and be sworn to enquire and certify the Value of the Property of all Persons rateable to the Subsidies.

Form of Oath.

Charge of the Commissioners to such Enquirers;

Further Day shall he given to bring in Certificates by such Enquirers 1

Penalty on Non-appearance, or refuting to certify, 40s.

Receiving Certificate* and malting Assessments

Summoning Parties under-rated;

»?«.

L

182

7° Edw.VI. c.12.

A.D. 1552&

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

Party appearing shall be sworn;

Form of Oath;

Rating Parties so appearing. &c.;

Penalty on Evasion by such Parties;

Quadruple Charge;

Rating of Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions

Commissioners may relieve Parties over-charged, on Complaint to them;

Penalty on Evasion on Pretest of Overcharge; Quadruple Rate.

XL

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, fcc.

cattellf or s5mes of money owyng to them or other substaunce beforeseid, then upon suche psone or psones shalbe certefyed, the same ComyssyoSs shall make their p>cepte or p>ceptf directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, comaundyng the same Constables Baylifff or other Officers to whome suche pcepte shalbe directed, to warne suche psones whose Names shalbe comprysed in the seid p*cepte at their Mansions or to their psones, that the same psones named in suche p>ceptf and ev'y of them shall psonally appeare before the seid Comyssyoners at the same newe pfixed day and place, there to be swome and examyned by all wayes and meanes by the seid ComyssyoSs of their greatest substaunce and beste ralue, and of all and ev’y somes of money owyng to them and other whatsoe$ matter concernyng the pmisses or any of them accordyng to this Acte; At whiche day and place so pPfixed, the seid Comyssyoners then there beyng, or * many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssyon, shall cause to be called the seid psons whose Names shalbe comprised in the seid p>cept as is beforeseid for their examynacbn; and yf any of theys psons which shulde be warned as is beforeseid to be examyned, w* at any tyme after the wamyng and before the p>fixed dty shalbe w'in suche place where he may have knowlege of his seid apparaunce to be made, make defaulte and appear* not, (oneles a reasonable cause or els a reasonable excuse by the Othes of two credable psones before the seid ComyssyoSs be truely alleged for his discharge,) That then ev*y of them so makyng defaulte, to be taxed & charged to the Kynge w' and at the dooble s5mes of the Rate that he shulde or ought to have byn sett at for and after the best value of his Lands or substaunce upon hym certefied yf he had appered, by the discression of the ComyssyoSs there beyng: And in like maS yf any of them suspected as is beforeseid, appeare and refuse to be sworne in so'me folowyng. Then e^y suche offender to be taxed and charged to the Kyng w’ and at the duble s5me of the rate that he shulde or ought to have byn sett at for and after the best value of his substaunce upon hym certefied by the seid psons that made the Certyfycat as is beforeseid, by the discressions of the seid ComyssyoSs there then beyng; And ePy of the psones so then and there appearyng, whose Names shalbe expressed in the seid p>cept or jPceptf and in whome any vehement suspecte was or shalbe had in fourme aboveseid, shall travayle w' the same psone so suspecte by all suche wayes and meanes they canne; And further the seid ComyssioSs or as many of them as shalbe herunto appoynted by the seid Comyssyon by their discressions shall openly swere the same psons in this maS and fourme folowyng: I shall faithfully truely and playnly accordyng to my knowlege, shewe unto you the Kyngf Comyssyoners and to other by you assigned, the beste and gretest value, or above, of all myne yerely proffittf in Lands tents rents or suche other like possessions yerely proffitt and fee, and the best and gretest value of all my Goodes and cattellf and somes of money to me owing accordyng to the graunte of this Acte and Subsedie, and truely answere to that I shalbe examyned of touchyng the p>misses, w'out covyn or deceyte; So helpe me God and the hooly contentes of this Booke: And yf any psone that shulde appeare be excused in fourme aforeseid by witnesse of credable psones, the same psones shalbe examyned by their Othes of his or their gretest and beste value and substaunce so lackyng and excused, and by the best of their Certyfycat or knowlege or of thother firste Certyfycat upon hym or them made, the same pson so lackyng and excused of his apparaunce to be sette and rated by the seid Comyssyoners, or otherwise to be sett and rated in this case as shall seeme best by the dyscressions of the seid Comyssyoners : And yf it happen to be proved by witnesse his owne confessyon or other laufull wayes or meanes, w'in one yere after any suche Othe made, that the same psone so taxed and sworne, was of any greter or better value in Lands goods or other thyngf above spified at the tyme of his seid Othe then the same psone so sworne did declare upon his Othe, that then suche psone so offendyng shall loose and foifeyte to the Kynge foure tymes so moche in laufull money of Englande as the same psone so sworne was sette and taxed at to pay for the seid Subsedye: And that ePy Spirituall psone duryng the seid two yeres shalbe rated and sett accordyng to the rate aboveseid, of and for ePy pounde that the same Spirituall psone or any other to his use hath by discent bargayne or purchase in Fee Symple fee tayle terme of lyfe terme of yeres by Execuebn by Warde or by Copye of Courterolle, in any Mano" Lands Tents Rents svief Offices Fees Corrodies Annuities or Heredytamentf after the true juste and yerely value therof, after and accordyng as other the Kyngf Subjects borne w'in this Realme be charged, in fourme above remembred, so that it extende to the yerely value of twenty shillyngf or above: And yf any persone sertefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, be he Comyssioner or other, to any maS of value, dothe fynde hymselfe greyed w' the same psentment sessinge or taxinge, and therupon complayne to the Comissyoners before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed or before two of them, that then the seid Comyssioners shall by all wayes and meanes examyne pticulerly and distinctly the psone so complaynant, and other his neighbo's by their discression, of e9y his Lands and Tents above specified and of evy his Goods cattallf and debts abovemenc&ned, after due examinacSn and pfect knowlege therof had and pceyved by the seid Comyssioners w* shall have power by aucthoritie aforeseid, the seid Comyssioners or two of them to whome any suche complaynt shalbe made, by their discressions, upon the Othe of the seid psone so complaynyng, may abate defalke encrease or enlarge the same Assessement accordyng as it shall appeare to them just upon the same examynacbn, and the same some so abated defalked encreased or enlarged to be streated in so'me as hereafter ensueth, so that he comethe before the Estreates of the same assessinge be delyved by the seid Comyssioners into the Kyngf Exchequer: And yf it be proved by witnesse his owne confession or other lawfull wayes or meanes w'in a yere after any suche Othe made, that the same psone so taxed and sworne was any better or greter value in Lands goods or other things above specified at the tyme of his seid Othe then the same psone so sworne did declare upon his seid Othe, that then ev*y suche psone so offendyng shall lose and forfate to the Kyng foure tymes so moche in lawfull money of Englande as the same psone so sworne was sett at or taxed to pay; And all psones set rated and taxed as is aforeseid shalbe bounde and charged by the same, and the some or somes upon hym sett to be due towards the payment of the seid Subsidie and to be levied as hereafter shalbe specified.

And It is also enacted by the seid aucthoritie that ev*y psone yerely, duryng the seid two yeres as is aforeseid, shalbe rated taxed and sett and the some on hym sett to be levied at suche place, where he and his Familie at the tyme of the same fPsentment to be made shall kepe his house or dwellyng, or where he then shalbe moost conversaincte abidyng or

zf.Z).la52-3.

7° Edw.VI. c.12.

183

resiant or shall haw his moost resorte, and shalbe best k no wen at the tyme of the seid Certify cat to be made and no where ells ; And that no Comyssioner for this Subsidie shalbe rated for his goods or lands but in the Shire or other place where he shalbe Comyssioner; And that yf any psone chargeable to this Acte the tyme of the seid assessinge, happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales or farre from the place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was laste abydyng in this Realme or win Wales and best knowen ; and after the subst*unce value and other pffittf of e$y psone knowen by the examinac&n certificat and other ma8 of wyse as is aforeseid, the seid Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion shall, after the rate aforeseid, sett and taxe ePy psone accordyng to the rate of the substaunce and value of his lands goods and other pffittf, whereby the greatest and moste beste some accordyng to his moste subst*unce by reason of this Acte might or may be sett or taxed.

Provided Alwayes that e$y suche psone whiche shalbe sett or taxed for payment of and to this Subsidie, for and after the yerely value of his lands tents or other reall possessions or pffittf in any of the seid two yeres, shall not be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattallf or other moveable substaunce in the same Yere ; And he that shalbe charged or taxed for the same Subsidie, for his Goods Cattallf and other Moveables in any of the seid two Yeres, shall not be charged taxed or chargeable for his lands or other reall possessions and pffittf aboveseid in the same yere ; nor that any prone be doble charged for the seid Subsedie neither sett or taxed at sev’all placf by reason of this Acte; Any thyng conteyned in this pPsent Acte notw'standing.

Commissioner! within Shim; Absentees when, last abiding;

according to the highest Kate undei Certificate, he.

XII.

Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty

None shall be doubly charged.

And that it be Ordeyned by the seid Aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, That no psone havyng two Manfbns or two placf to resorte unto, or callyng hymselfe householde fv'nte or waytyng fv’unte to the Kyngf Highnes or other Ix>rde or Lady Maister or Maistres, be excused upon his sayng from the tax of the seid Subsidie in neither of the placf where he may be sett, onelesse he brynge a Certificat in wrytyng from the Comyssioners where that he is so sett in dede at one place: And yf any other then Comyssioner happen to be sett in two placf, upon Certificat thereof made the beste and mooste some upon hym so taxed to be taken and abide and thother to be discharged, so that the same Certificat of his assessingf and payment to be made therof in wrytyng under the Seales of the Comyssioners or of as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion, w'* Certificat so made shalbe at all tymes a sufficient discharge for hym and the Collectour of the same, aswell agaynest any Collectour that shall demaunde the same upon hym rated or taxed as agaynest the Kynge and all other psones: And yf any psone that ought to be sett, by reason of his removyng or resortyng to two placf or by reason of his saynge that he ells where was taxed or by reason of any pviledge by his dwellyng or abidyng in any place not beyng forep'sed in this Acte, or any other wyse by his covyne or crafte happen to escspe from the yerely assessinge and be not sett, and that pved by pWntment examynac&n or informaf&n before the seid Comyssioners or as many of them as shalbe by the same Comyssion appoynted, or by the Barones of the Kyngf Escheker or two Justices of the Peace of the Countie where suche psone dwelleth, then ev*y suche prone that by suche meanes or otherwyse wyllyngly by covyne shall happen to escape from the assessing of the seid Subsidie or of any of them, and not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowlege and proofe therof w* and at the doble value that he shulde or ought to have byn sett at afore accordyng to his behavo', the same doble value to be levied gathered and paide of his goods and cattallf lands and teSItf towards the seid Subsidie, and further to be punyshed accordyng to the discressions of the Barones Jusdcf or Comyssioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Disseyte in that behal/e-

And further be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That the seid Comyssioners of ePy Comyssion, shall accordyng to their Devysions and after they be devyded, have full power and aucthoritie by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse epy other Comyssioner joyned w' them in ev’y such Comyssion and Devision, and shall also assesse e9y Assessor wHn their Devision, for his and their goods lands and other pmysses as is aboveseid, by the whiche seid Comyssion the seid Comyssioners shall indifferently sett taxe and sesse themselff and the seid Assessors; And that aswell the somes upon ev'y of the seid Comyssioners and Assessors so sessed rated and taxed, as the sdmes made and psented by the p'sento's swome as is aboveseid, shalbe wrytten certified set and estreated, and thestreatf therof to be made w' other the Inhabitauntf of that pties w*in the lymytf of the same Comyssion and Devision, and so to be gathered and levyed in like man! as it ought or shulde have byn yf the seid Comyssioner had not byn in the seid Comyssion.

And that all psones of the Estate of a Baron or Baronnesse and ePy estate above, shalbe charged w* their freehold and valewes as is aforeseid, before the Chauncello' Tresorer of Englande Lord President of the Kyngf Pvy Counsaill and Lorde Pryvy Seale for the tyme beyng, or other psones by the Kyngf aucthoritie to be lymyted ; and they to be charged yerely duryng the seid two yeres after the fourme of the seid graunte accordyng to the taxac&n aforeseid and the sdmes upon them sett w1 the names of the Collecto's appoynted for the gatheryng and paying of the same, to be extracted dely’Ped and certified at dayes and placf above specified by the Lorde Chauncello' Treasorer Lorde President of the Counsell and Lorde Pryvy Seale for the tyme beyng, or suche other psones as shalbe lymyted by the Kyngf Highnes.

XIII.

On CompUint of Double Cham, Certificate of one Kate shall be produced.

Highest Rate shall be levied.

Penalty on Erosion under such Pretext Double Rate.

XIV. Commissioners «h»ll assess themselres and the Assessors.

XV.

Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, he.

And after the Taxes and Assesses of the seid Sdmes upon and by the seid assessinge and certificat as is aforeseid made, the seid Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyngf Comysson, before the firste day of December duryng the seid two yeres, by the wrytyng extreatyd of the seid Taxe thereof under the Seale and Signes Manuell of the seid Comyssioners or of as many of them as shalbe appoynted at the least to be made, shalbe delyPed unto sufficient and substaunciall Inhabitauntf Constables Subcunstables Baylyfff and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Pishes and other placf aforeseid w*n their lymyttf, or to other sufficient psones Inhabitauntf of the same onely, by the discression of the Comyssioners and as the place and pties shall require, aswell the pticuler names and surnames as the remembraunce of all sdmes of Money taxed and sett of and upon eVy prone as well man as woman chargeable to this Acte, Householder and all other Inhabytaunts and Dwellers wHn the seid pishe Townes and Placf contributory

XVI.

After Assessment Estrests shall be

delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed by Distress, he. and pay the tame in their several Districts to the High Collector.

by Go sle

184

7° Edw.VI. c. VI.

A.D. 1552-3.

XVII.

Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

XVIII. High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by Commissioners; Penalty agio.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, See. to pay Money levied; allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure Constables, fitc. on ay be distrained.

to this Acte of Subsidie; By aucthoritie of w* Wrytyng or Estreate so delyPed, the seid Officers or other psones so named and deputed, sePally shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte, ymediatly after the delyPiee of the seid Wrytyng or Estreate, to demaunde levy and gather of ePy psone therin specified the sdme or sdmes in the same Wrytyng or Estreate comprised, And for none payment therof to distrayne the same psone or psones so beyng behynde by their Goods and Cattallf, And the Distresses so taken to kepe by the space of Eight Dayes at the Costs and Chargf of the Owner therof, and yf the seid Owner do not pay suche some of Money as shalbe taxed by this Acte w'in the same Eight Dayes, then the seid Distresse to be appreysed by foure three or two of the Inhabytaunce where suche Distresse is taken, and also to be solde by the seid Constable and other Collecto' for the payment of the seid Money, and the oPplus comyng of the Sale and kepyng therof (yf any be) to be ymediatly restored to the Owner of the same Distresse, whiche seid Officers and other psones, so deputed to aske take gather and levye the seid somes, shall aswere and be charged for their porc&n onely to them assigned or lymyted, to be gathered levyed and comprysed in the seid Wrytyng or Estreate to them as is beforeseid delyPed, unto the use of our SoPaigne Lorde the Kyng his heires and successours, and the seid some in that Wrytyng or Estreate comprised to pay unto the High Collecto' or Collectours of that Place for the Collecc&n of the same in man and fourme underwrytten therunto to be named and deputid, and the same Inhabytauntf and Officers so gathering the same pticuler somes, for their Collecc&n therof shall reteyne for ePy twenty shyllyngf so by them receyved and paide, two pence, and that to be allowed at the Payment of their Collec£&n to be made to the High Collectour or Collectours.

And further Be it enacted by the seid aucthoritie of this f?sent Pliament, That the seid Comyssioners, or the more pte of them as shall take upon them thexecuc&n and businesse of the seid Comyssion, shall yerely duryng the seid two yeres name suche sufficient and able psones whiche then shall have and possede lande and other hereditamentf in their owne right of the yerely value of tenne pounds, or goods to the value of one hundred $kf at the least, And the same psones sevally by the discressions of the same Comyssioners in Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentake Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoeP placf, aswell w'in placf priviledged as w'out not beyng forprysed w*in this Acte, to be High Collectours and have the Collecf&n and Receipt of the seid somes sett and levyable w‘in the pcyncte lymytf and boundf where they shalbe so lymyted, to gather and receyve; to ePy of the whiche Collectours so sePally named the seid Comyssioners or two of them at the least yerely duryng the seid two yeres before the xij,b day of December, or w'in one monethe next after the seid hoole some of the seid Subsidie be sett, by all the lymyttf of the same their Comyssion or in suche lymyttf as the high Collector shalbe so sePally assigned, shall under their seales and signes manuell delyP on Estreate indented in pchement to ePy of the same high Collector comprising in hit the names of all suche psones as were assigned to levye the seid pticuler somes, and the somes of ePy Hundred Wapentake Towne or other place aforeseid, w' the names and surnames of the psones so chargeable accordyng to the Estreate so first thereof made as is aforeseid and delyPed, and the Collecto' so to be assigned shalbe charged to answere the hoole S5me comprised in the seid Estreate lymyted to his Collecc&n as is aforeseid.

Provided Alwayes and Be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforeseid, That the seid Comyssioners havyng aucthoritie by this Acte to name and nomynate the seid High Collectours of the seid Subsidie, yerely duryng the seid two yeres, shall ymediatly upon their nominac&n and ellecc&n take by auctoryty of this psent Pliament sufficient Recognisauncf or Obligac&ns, w'out any Fee or Rewarde to be paide therfore, of ePy psone so by them to be named to be High Collecto' to be bounden to the Kyng in the doble some of the some of his Collecc&n and to be endorsed and made upon suche Condif&n, that yf the seid Collectour his heires or executo's do truly contente and pay to thuse of the Kyng his heires or executo's in his Receipte of his Exchequer before the seid xiiij day of February then next ensuyng, somoche of the seid some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collecc&n as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and pay the residue of his Collecc&n and Charge w'in one monethe next after suche tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same residue, that then the seid Recognisaunce or Obligac&n to be voide or ells to stande in his full strength and vertue; whiche Recognisaunce or Obligacon so taken the seid Comyssioners shall certifie and delyP into the Kyngf Exchequer w' the Certificat of the seid Taxac&n and Rate of the seid Subsedie, at and by the tyme to them pscribed and appoynted by this Acte, upon payne of forfeyture of tenne pounds to the Kyng for ePy Recognisaunce or Obligac&n not certefied; And that ePy suche Collectour so elected named and chosen, upon request to hym made, shall knowlege and make the seid Recognisaunce or Obligac&n upon like payne and forfeyture of tenne pounds to the Kyng for the refusell therof: And ePy suche Collecto' so yerely deputed, havyng the seid Estreate in pchement as is aforeseid, shall have aucthoritie by this Acte yerely duryng the seid two yeres, to appoynte dayes and placf w'in the Circuyt of his Collecc&n for the payment of the seid Subsidie to hym to be made, and therof to give warnyng by Pclamac&n or otherwyse to all the seid Cunstables and other psones or Inhabytauntf, havyng the Charge of the pticuler Collecc&n w'in the Hundreds pishes Townes or other placf by hym or them lymyted, to make payment for their seid pticuler Collecc&n, of ePy some as to them shall appteyne; And yf at the seid day and place so lymyted and pfixed by the seid Collectour, the seid Constables Officers or other psones or Inhabytauntf as is beforeseid, for the seid pticuler Collecc&n appoynted and assigned w'in suche Hundred Citie Towne or other Place, do not pay unto the seid Collecto' the s5me w'in theyr sePall Hundreds Townes pishes and other placf due and comprised in the seid Estreatf therof to them delyPed by the seid Comyssioners or some of them as is beforeseid, or so moche therof as they have by any meane receyved, (ij d. of ePy pounds for the said pticuler Collecf&n as is before seid, alwayes to be therof allowed excepted and abated,) That then it shalbe laufull to the seid High Collectoures and ePy of them and to their assignes, to distrayne ePy of the seid Constables Officers and other Inhabytauntf by their seid sePall and pticuler Collecf&n of the seid somes comprised in the seid Estreate and Wrytyng therof, to them and ePy of them as is before expressed delyPed, or forasmoche of the same Some as so then shall happen

Original from PENN 5TATI

* n -a tt

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 12.

185

1

4

4

fc

4

lb

ki

u

kb

'*

it

M

4

r

u

it

m

f«

h

81

I

D

Ik

li

k

0

a

0

■4

it

(*

j

tf

0

I?

to be gathered and levied and behynde and unpaide by the Goods and Cattallf of ev*y of them so beyng behynde, and the Distre6se so taken to be kept appraysed and solde as is aforeseid, and therof to take and levye the some* so then beyng behynde and unpaide, and the O^plus comyng of the Sale of the seid Distresse yf any be, to be restored and delyved unto the Owner in fourme above remembered.

Provided Alwayes, That no psone inhabited in any Citie Borough or Townes Corporate shalbe compelled to "be an_ Assessor or Collecto' of or for any pte of the seid Subsidie in any place or placf out of the seid Citie Borough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And It is also by the seid aucthoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabytaunt or Officer, or whatsoe9 psone or psones charged to and for the Collec£8n or Receipte of any pte or porc&n of the seid Subsidie in any of the seid two yeres, by any ma8 of meanes accordyng to this Acte, or any psone or psones for themselff or as Keper Gardyan Deputie Facto' or Attoumey of and for any other psone or psones of any Goods and Cattallf of the Owner therof at the tyme of the seid assessyng to be made, beyng out of this Realme or in any other pries not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattallf of any other psone or psones of any Corporac&n Fratemyrie Mysterie or other whatsoeP Coialtie beyng incorporate or not incorporate, and all psones havyng in their rule gov>n*nce and custody any Goods or Cattallf at the tyme of the seid assessyng or any of them to be made, or whiche for any cause for and by colleccftn or for hym selfe or for any other, or by reason that he hathe the rule govVnce or custody of any Goods or Cattallf of any other psone or psones Corpora cfin Comynalries Fratemirie Guylde or Mystrie or any suche other like, or as Facto' Deputie or Attoumey of or for any psone, shalbe taxed ratyd valued and sett to any some or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxacftn or assessing upon any suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w‘ the Receipt of the same happen to dye and depte from the place where he was so taxed and sett or his Goods and Cattallf be so eloyned, or in suche pryvy and covert man! kept as the seid psone or psones charged w* the same by Extreatf or other wrytyng from the seid Comyssioners, or asmany of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the seid Comyssion as is aforeseid, can ne may levy the same some or somes comprised w4n their seid Extreatf by distresse w*in the lymyttf of their Colleccbn as is beforeseid, or can not sell suche distresse or distresses as be taken for any of the seyd yerely paymentf before the tyme lymyted to the high Collectour hi his payment to be made in the Kyngf Receipt, then upon relac&n therof made w1 due examynacbn by the Othe or examynac&n of suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w1 and for the Receipt and Colleccftn of the same before the seid Comyssioners or as many of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche psone or psones or other as is aforeseid their Goods and Cattallf were sett and taxed, and upon playne Certificat therof made into the Kyngf Exchequer by the same Commyssioners aswell of the dwellyng place names and somes of the seid p6ones of whome the seid somes cannot be levyed and had as is beforeseid, then aswell the Cunstables and other Inhabytauntf appoynted for the seid pticuler Colleccbn against the Highe Collectours, as the High Collecto' upon his Accompte and Othe in the seid Exchequer, to be discharged therof, and proces to be made for the Kyng out of the seid Exchequer by the discressions of the Barnes of the seid Exchequer against suche psone his heires or executours so beyng behynde w* his payment: And ov1 that, the same Comyssioners to whome any suche declaracbn of the pmysses shalbe made in fourme aforeseid, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and aucthoritie, duryng the seid two yeres, to directe their f>cept or pceptf unto the seid psone or psones charged w* any some of for or upon any suche psone or psones or other as is aboveseid, or to any Shired’ Stewarde Baylyffe or other whatsoeP Officer Mynyster psone or psones of suche place or placf where any suche psone or psones so owyng suche sdme or somes shall have Lands and tents or other hereditamentf or reall possessions goods and cattallf, wherby any suche psone or psones so indetted, his heires executo's or assignes or other havyng the custody go9n*nce or disposicon of any Good Cattallf Lands Tefitf or other Hereditamentf whiche ought or may by this Acte laufully be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattallf Lands Tents and other possessions wherof suche some or somes whiche by any suche psone or psones may or ought to be levyed, be it w*in the lymyttf of suche Comyssyon where suche psone or psones was and were taxed or w'out, in any place win this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kyngf Domynions Marches or Terrytories, by whiche p*cept aswell suche psone or psones as shalbe charged to levy suche money as the Officers of the place or placf where suche distresse may be taken, shall have full power and aucthoritie to distreyne ePy suche psone indebrid charged or chargeable by this Acte or his Executo's or Administrator of his Goods and Cattallf his Gardyans Facto's Deputies Lessees Fermo's and Assignes, and all other psones by whose hands or out of whose Lands any suche psone shulde have Rent Fee Annuirie or any other pfitt, or whiche at the tyme of the seid assessyngf shall have Goods or cattallf or any other thyng moveable of any suche p6one or psones being indebted or owyng suche s5me; and the Distresses so taken cause to be kept appraysed and solde, in like ma8 and fourme as is aforeseid for the Distresse to be taken upon psones to be taxed to the seid Subsidie and beyng sufficient to distreyne w'in the lymyttf of the Collectours Inhabytauntf or other Officers charged w1 or for the same s5mes so upon them to be taxed ; And yf any suche Distresse for none payment happen to be taken out of the lymytte of the seid psones charged and assigned to levy the same, the psones so charged for the levye of ev*y suche sdme by distresse, shall pceyve and take of the same distresse for the labo' of e$y psone goyng for the execucbn therof, for ev'y myle that any suche psone so laboreth for the same, two pence: And ePy Fermo' Ten*nte Gardyan Factour or other whatsoev^ psone, beyng distreyned or otherwyse charged for payment of any suche sdme or somes or any other sdme by reasone of this Acte, shalbe of suche sdme or somes of hym or them so levyed and taken discharged and acquited at his next day of payment of the same, or at the delyv^e of suche Goods and cattallf as he that is so distreyned had in his custody and gov’n'nce against hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; any graunte or wrytyng obligatory or other whatsoev* matter to the contrary made heretofore notw'standyng.

3

XIX.

Aucmoti uid

'Collector, shall be Inhabitant.

ax.

In case of Death of Collector., or Partie. chargeable for themselves or other., and sufficient Di.trcs. not forthcoming,

High Collector, shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Proceu shall issue against such Patties, he.

Commissioner, may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmer., Lessee., Ire. of Parties chargeable; who may retain the tame out of their Rents, he.

186

7° Edw. VI. c. 12.

A.D. 1552.3.

On Failure of any such Distress the Commissioners may isaue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party chargeable; who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others {

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or be sworn, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

Allowance to High Collectors fid. per Pound for themselves. Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

And yf any suche p6one that shulde be so distreyned, have no Lands or teHtf sufficient wherby he or his Ten*ntf and Fermo's may be distreyned, or hath eloyned alyened or hydde his Goods and cattallf wherby he shulde or might be distreyned, in suche ma8 that suche Goods and cattallf shall not be knowen or founde, so that the some of or by hym to be paide in the seid fourme shall ne can be conveniently levyed, then upon relac&n therof unto the Comyssioners or to asmany of them as - by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted where suche psone or psones was taxed and sett, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe charged w' the levye and payment of that some or somes, the same Comyssioners shall make a p>cept in such man! as is aforeseid for to attache take and arrest the body of suche psone or psones that ought to pay the seid s5mes, and by this Acte shalbe charged w' and for the same some or somes, and them so taken saffely to kepe in prison w'in the Shire or other place wher any suche psone or psones shalbe taken and attached, there to remayne w'hout baylle or maynprise untill he have paide the same some or somes that suche psones for hymselfe or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged w* all, and also for the fees of ev*y suche arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche j?cept, twenty pence: And that ev'y Officer unto whome suche pcepte shalbe directed, do his true diligence and execute the same upon epy psone so beyng indebdd, upon payne to forfett to our seid So^aigne Lorde the Kyng for epy defaulte in that behalfe, twenty shyilyngf: And that no Keper of any Gaole from his Gaole suffer any suche psone to go at large by lettyng to baylle, or otherwyse to depte out of his prison, before he have paide his seid dette and the seid xx d. for the seid arest, upon payne to forefete to our SoPaigne Lorde forty shyilyngf, and the same Gaoler to pay unto our seid Sov’aigne Lorde the doble value aswell of the rate whiche the seid p6one so imprisoned was taxed at, as of the seid twenty pence for the fees: And like pees and remedy in like fourme shalbe graunted by the seid Comyssioners or asmany of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, at like informac&n of ev*y psone or psones beyng charged w‘ any some of money for any other psone or psones by reason of the seid Subsedie, ev*y of the seid two yeres, and not therof paide but wylfully w'drawen, ne the same leviable w'in the lymyttf where suche psones was therunto taxed: And yf the some or somes beyng behynde unpaide by any psone or psones as is aforeseid be levied and gathared by force of the seid pees to be made by the seid Comyssioners, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of payment therof the psone or psones so owyng the seid some or somes of money, by processe of the same Comyssioners to be made as is aforeseid, be comytted to prison in fourme aboveseid, that then the same Comyssioners whiche shall awarde suche pees shall make Certificat therof in the seid Exchequer of that shalbe don in the premisses, in the Terme next followyng after suche some or somes of money so beyng behynde shalbe levyed and gathered or suche psone or psones for none payment of the same comytted to prison: And yf it happen any of the seid Collectours to be assigned, or any Maior Sheryff Stewarde Cunstable the Hedboroughs Householder Baylyff or any other Officer or Mynister or other whatsoev1 psone or psones to disobey the seid Comyssioners or any of them, in the reasonable request to them made by the seid Comyssioners for yerely execucon of the seid Comyssion duryng the seid two yeres, or yf any of the Officers or other psones do refuse that to them shall appteyne or belonge to do by reason of any p>cept to hym or them to be directed, or any reasonable comaundement instaunce or request touchyng the phnysses or other defaulte in any apparaunce or collecc&n to make, or if any psone beyng suspect or not to be indyfferently taxed as is aforeseid, do refuse to be examyned accordyng to the tenor of this Acte before the seid Comyssioners or asmany of them as shalbe therunto assigned as is aforeseid, or will not appeare before the same Comyssioners upon warnyng to hym made, orels make resistaunce or rescous upon any distresse upon hym to be taken for any pcell of the seid Subsidie, or comytt any mysbehavo' in any maS of wyse contrary to this Acte, or comytt any wylfull omyssion or other whatsoev1 wilfull not doyng or mysdoyng contrary to the teno' of this Acte or Graunte, the same Comyssioners and ev*y nomber of them above remembred, or twoo of them at the least, upon probable knowlege of any suche mysdemeano's had by informac&n or examinynac&n, shall and may sett upon ePy suche offender for e9y suche Offence, in name of a fyne by the same offendo' to be forfeyted, sortie shyilyngf or under by the discression of the same Comyssioners; And further the seid Comyssioners and ev'y nombre of them, to two of them at the leaste, shall have aucthoritie by this psent Acte to ponyshe ev*y suche Offender by imprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyv'ed by their discression as shall seme to them convenyent, the seid fynes yf any suche be, to be certified by the seid-Comyssioners that so assessyd the same into the seid Kyngf Exchequer, there to be levyed and paide by the Collectours of that pties for the seid Subsedie reto'ned into the seid Exchequer, to be therw' charged w' the payment of the seid Subsidie, in suche man! as yf the seid fynes had byn sett and taxed upon the seid Offenders for the seid Subsidie.

It is also enacted by the seid aucthoritie of this p*sent Pliament, That e$y of the seid High Collectours whiche shall accompte for any pte of the seid Subsidie in the Kyngf Exchequer upon their severall seid Accomptf to be yelden shalbe allowed yerely duryng the seid two yeres for ev'y pounde lymytted to his Collecc&n wherof any suche Collectour shalbe charged and yelde accompte, sixe pence, as pcell of their seid Charge, That is to say ; Of ev*y pounde therof for suche psone as then have hade the pticuler Collecc&n in the Townes and other Placf as is aforeseid specified in his Collecf&n two pence, and other two pence of ev*y pounde therof ePy of the seid Chiefs Collecto's there accomptaunt to receyve to their owne use for their labo' and charge in and aboute the pmysses; and two pence of cv*y pounde residue, to be delyv*ed allowyd and paide by the seid Collectours so beyng therof allowed to suche of the Comyssioners as shall take upon them the Busynes and labor for and aboute the p>mysses, that is to say, Ev*y Collecto' to pay that Comyssioner or Comyssioners whiche had the ordryng of the Wrytyngf of and for the seid Subsedie where the seid Collectour or Collectours had their Collecc&n for expencf of the seid Comyssioners so takyng upon them the seid busines, and labor of their Clerkf wrytyng the seid pkeptf and estreatf for the seid Collecc&ns; the same last two pence of ev*y pounde to be devided amongest the seid Comyssioners havyng regarde to their labor and busynes taken by them or their seid Clerkf in and about the pmysses, for whiche pte so to the seid Comyssioners atteynyng, the seid Comyssioners sixe fyve foure three or

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 12.

187

as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyngf Comyssion, and e9y of them joyntly and sePally for his and their seid pte, may have his Remedy against the seid Collecto' or Collector whiche therof ben and might have byn allowed, by acc&n of dett in whiche the defendaunt shall not wage his lawe neither ptecfbn Injuncion or other Essoyne shalbe allowyed.

And that no p6one nowe beyng of the nomber of the Company of this psent Pliament, nor any Comyssioner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collectour Subcollecto' or psentour of the seid Subsidie or of any pte therof, nor no Comyssioners shalbe compelled to make any psentment or Certificat other then in the Kyngf Exchequer of for or concernyng the seid Subsidie or any pte therof in any of the seid two yeres; And like wyse that none other psone that shalbe named or asseigned to be Comyssioner in any place to and for thexecuc&n of this Acte of Subsedie in any of the seid two yeres, be or shalbe assigned or named hedde Collecto' in any of the same two yeres of the seid Subsidie, neither of any pte therof; And that evy suche psone or p6ones whiche shalbe named and appoynted as is aforeseid to be hed Collectours in and for one of the seid two yeres, shall not be compelled to be Collectour for the other and last yere ; and the seid Collectours whiche shalbe assigned for th: Collection of the seid Subsidie or for any pte therof and ePy of them, be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all man! Fees Rewardf and of e9y other Charge in the Kyngf Exchequer or elswhere, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collecc&n Payment or Accomptf or any thyng concernyng the same, to be asked : And that yf any psone receyve and take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of any suche Accomptaunt, that then he shall forfett to the Kyng for ev*y peny so taken, twenty pence, and suffer imprysonment at the Kyngf Pleasure.

And after the taxyng and assessyng of the seid yerely Subsidis as is aforeseid had and made, and the seid Estreatf therof in pchement unto the Collectours in man! and fourme before rehersed delyPed, the seid Comyssioners whiche shall take upon them thexecuf&n of this Acte w'in the lymyttf of their Comyssion, by their agreamentf shall have meetyng together, at wch meetyng ev*y of the seid Comyssioners whiche then shall have taken upon them thexecuc&n of any pte of the seid Comyssion, shall by hymselfe or by his sufficient Deputie truly certifie and bryng furth unto the seid Comyssioners named in the seid Comyssion, the Certificat and psentment made before hym and suche other Comyssioners as were lymyted w1 hym in one lymytt, so that the same Certificat may be accompted and cast w‘ other certificattf of the other lymyttf w'in the same Comyssyon, and then the seid Comyssioners and ev*y nomber of them unto two at the least as is aforeseid, yf they be in lyfe, or their Execute's or Administrate's of their Goods yf they be then deade, shall joyntly and seVally, as they were devided w'in their lymyttf under their Seales yerely duryng the seid two yeres by their discression, make one or sev^all Wrytyngf indented conteynyng in hit aswell the names of the seid Collectours by the Comyssioners for suche Collecc&n and Accompte in the Exchequer and payment in the seid Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and sev’all sdmes wrytten unto e9y suche Collectour to receyve the seid Subsidie, and also all fynes amerciamentf and other forfetures yf any suche by reasone of this Acte happen to be w'in the pcincte and lymytt of their Comyssion, to be certified into the Kyngf Exchequer by the seid Comyssioners yerely duryng the seid two yeres by the seid Comyssioners, In w4 wrytyng or wrytyngf indented so to be certified shalbe playnely declared and expressed, as well in the hoole and entire s5me or somes of the seid Subsidie sev'ally lymited to the Collecc&n of the seid Collecto's sev’ally deputyd and assigned to the Collecc&n of the seid sdmes, so that none of the seid Collecto's so certified in the seid Exchequer, shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be charged but onely to and for the some lymyted to his Collecc&n, and not to or for any some lymyted to the Collecc&n of his Fellowe, but that ev*y of them shalbe sev*ally charged for their ptf lymyted to their Collecc&n: And yf the seid Comyssioners joyned in one Comyssion amongest themselff in that matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not redy, or refuse to make Certificat w' other of the same Comyssioners, that then the same Comyssioners may make sev'all Indentures in fourme aforeseid of their sePall lymyttf or sepac&ns of Collectours w'in the lymyttf of their Comyssion, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf Lathes Rapes or suche other like divisions w'in their seid sev*all lymyttf of their Comyssion as the placf there shall require to be severed and divided, and as to the same Comyssioners shall seme to make divisions of their lymyttf or Collecc&ns for the sev’all charges of the same Collecto's; So that alway one Collecto' shalbe charged and accompte for his pte to hym to be lymyted onely by hymselfe and not for any some lymytted to the pte of any of his Felowes, and the Chargf of ev*y of the Collectours to be sett and certified sev'ally upon them, and ev*y suche Collecto' upon his accompte and payment of the some of Money lymyted w'in his CollecC&n to be sev*ally by hymselfe acquited and discharged in the seid Exchequer w'out paying any man! of Fees or Rewardf to any p6one or psones for the same, upon the payne and penaltie laste aboveseid, and not to be charged for any porC&n of any other Collecto': And yf any Comyssioner, after he hathe taken certificat of them that as is aforeseid shall, before any suche Comyssioner be ex*myned and the sdmes rated and sett and the books and wrytyngf therof being in his Hands, or yf any Collectour or other psone charged w' any receipt of any pte of any of the seid Subsedis Fyftenthes or Tenthes, or any other psone taxed or otherwyse by this Acte charged w' and for any pcell of the seid Subsedis, or w' any other sdmes for fyne aficiament penaltie or other forfeiter, happen to die before suche Comyssioner Collecto' or other whatsoev pson or psones have executed accomplysshed satisfied or sufficiently discharged yt whiche to ePy suche psone shall appteyne or belonge to do accordyng to this Acte, then thexecuto's and heires of ev*y suche psone, and all other seased of any lands or teiitf that any suche p6on beyng charged by this Acte, and decessyng before he be discharged therof or any other to his use only, had of estate of enheritaunce at the ryme that any suche psone was named Comyssioner Collecto' or in any other wyse charged w' and for any man! of thyng to be don satisfied or paide by reason of this Acte, and all these that have in their possessions or hands any Goods or Cattallf that were to any suche psone at the tyme of his Deathe, lands or teiitf that were the same psones

XXII. Mcmbcn of Parliament, Commissioners, See. shall not be Colledon, See.

Collectori shall not

Siy Feei at the xchequer.

XXIII.

After Aiaeaiment, Sec. Commissionen shall meet and certify their lereral Assessments, with the Name! of Collector!, Fine!, &c.

Separate Certificate! may be made, if Commiuionen do not all agree

Collector! shall answer for their respectiveDiitricu;

Executor! and Heir! of Commiuionera or Collector! dying, shall complete their Duties (

d«

188

7° Edw.VI. c. 12. 1552-3.

Form of the fir»t Certificite-where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXIV. Stamford Baron shall be rated in

Lincolnshire.

XXV. Persons having Lands and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, &c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate; and not double charged.

XXVI.

Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Offices in Ireland, France, Jersey, or Guernsey.

XXVII. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

at the tyme he was as is aforeseid charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplishe in ePy case as the same psone so beyng charged shulde have don and might have byn compelled to do yf he had byn in playne lyfe, after suche rate of the lands and goods of the seid Comyssioner or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his hande : And yf the same Comyssioners, for causes reasonable them movyng, shall thinke it not convenyent to joyne in one Certificat as is beforeseid, then the seid psone or psones that shall first joyne together or he that shall firste certifie the seid wrytyngf indented as is aforeseid, shall certifie all the names of the Comyssioners of that Comyssion, wherupon suche wrytyngf shalbe there then to be certified, w‘ divisions of the Hundreds Wapentakf Wards Tytfiyngf or other placf to and amonge suche Comyssioners of the same Comyssion w* the names of the same Comyssioners where suche seperac&ns and divisions shalbe, w* the grosse somes of money aswell of and for the seid Subsedie taxed or sett of or w'in the seid Hundreds Wards Wapentakf or other placf, to hym or them devided or assigned that shall so certefie the seid firste wrytyng, as of fynes aiSciamentf penalties or other forfeytures yf any happen to be w'in the same lymyttf wherof the same wrytyngf shalbe certified; and after suche wrytyng indented whiche as is aforeseid shalbe certified and not conteyne in it the hoole and full somes sett and taxed w'in the lymyttf of the same Comyssion the other Comyssioners of the same, e$y of the seid two yeres before the day of payment of the seid Subsidie, shall certefie into the seid Exchequer by their wrytyng or wrytyngf indented to be made as is beforeseid, the grosse and se^all somes sett and taxed w'in the placf to them lymyted for the seid Subsidie, and other fynes aiSciamentf penalties and forfeytures w' the names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Placf to them assigned, orels by their seid wrytyngf indented to certefie at the seid place before the seid day of payment, oneles reasonable causes for their excuses why they may not make suche certificat, of and for the seid Subsedie w' fynes aiSciamentf and other forfeytures growyng or sett by reason of the causes of their lettf or of their none certefying as is aboveseid, orels in defaulte therof proces to be made out of the Kyngf Exchequer against the seid Comyssioners and ev*y of them [not makyng Certificat as is aforeseid by the discression of the Treasorer and Barones of the seid Exchequer.

Provided alwayes and Be it enacted by aucthoride aforeseid, That the Inhabitauntf of the Pishe of Seynt Martyn, callyde Stampforde Baron in the Suburbes of the Borough and Towne of Stampforde in the southe pte of the Water there called Wellande, whiche hereafter shalbe contributory to the payment of this psent Subsidie graunted to the Kyngf Highnes his heires and successors, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this tyme by suche Comyssioners whiche shalbe appoynted for the taxing ratyng and sessyng of suche Subsidies or taxe w'in the Countie of Lyncolne, and shalbe for thys tyme Contrybutories and pay the seid Subsedie to the Collecto' or Collecto's whiche shalbe assigned and appoynted for the levyage and gatheryng of the same w' the Aldermen and Burgases of the seid Borough and Towne of Stampforde.

Provided alwaies and Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie parsone and psons having Manno" Landes Tents or other Hercdytamentf chargeable to the payment of the Subsidye gr*unted to the Kings Majestie by this Acte, and also havyng Spuall possessyons chargeable to his saide Ma'k by the Gr*unte made by the Clergie of this Realme in their Convocac&n, and over this having substaunce in Goods and Cattallf chargeable by this saide Acte, that then yf anny of the saide parsone or parsons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the saide Manno" lands and tents and spuall possessions, and allso assessed charged and taxed for his or their goods and cattellf, that then he or theye shalbe onelie charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Manno" Landes Tents Heredytamentf and Spuall possessions, or onely for his saide goods and catallf, the best therof to be taken for the King, and not to be charged for bothe or dowble charged for anny of them; Anny thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes that this Graunte of Subsidie nor any other thing therin conteyned, in any wise extende to charge thinhabytauntf or dwellers within Ireland Calis Hammes Guysnes and the niches of the same, Jemesey and Gamesey or any of them, of for and concernyng any Mano's lands tents or other possessions, goods cattallf or other movable substaunce, whiche the seid Inhabyt*untf or dwellers or any other to their use have w'in Irelande Callis Hames Guysnes or other iSches of the same, Jemesey Gamesey or in any of them, of for or concernyng any fees or wages whiche any of the seid Inhabytauntf or dwellers have of our Sov^aigne Lorde the Kyng for their attendance and doing fvice to our seid Sopaigne Lorde in Irelande Callys Hammes Guysnes and the Marches of the same, Jemesey and Garnesey or in any of them; Any thyng in this psent Acte to the contrary notw'standing.

Provided also that this psent Acte of Subsidie ne any other thyng therin conteyned extende to any of the Englyshe Inhabyt’untf or Resyauntf in any of the Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westi8lande the Towne of Barwick the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and the Bisshoprick of Durham, nor to any of them, of for or concernyng any Manno's lands teiitf and other possessions goods cattallf or other movable substaunce whiche the same inhabyt*untf or dwellers or any other to their use have, w'in the seid Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westnilande or the Towne of Barwick the Towne of Newecastell upon Tyne or the Bisshoprick of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concernyng any fees or wages whiche any of the seid Inhabyt*untf or dwellers have of our Sovaigne Lorde the Kyng for their attendaunce and doyng §vice to our seid Sovaigne Lorde the Kyng, for or w'in the seid Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westfilande the Towne of Barwick the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and the Bishoprick of Durham, or any of them, to or for the seid taxyng levyng gatheryng or payment; But that the Englishe Inhabyfuntf and resyantf and ev*y of them, of the seid Counties Bisshoprick and Townes and of every of them, shalbe of and from the seid Subsidie and e9y pcell therof, of and for their Mano's lands tents fees wags goods and cattallf lying and beyng in the same Counties Townes and Bisshoprick, or any of them, utterly acquited and discharged \ any thyng in this psent Acte before rehersed to the contrary notw'standyng.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw.VI. c. 12.

189

Provided Also that all Ires patentf graunted by the Kyngf Highnes or any of his moost noble Progenitours, to any Cities Boroughes or Townes w'in this Realme, of any man! of Liberties Pryvylegf or Exempc&ns fro the burden and charge of any suche Grauntf of Subsidies, whiche be at this fPsent tyme in force and vayllable, shall remayne good and effectual) to the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes hereafter according to the purportf therof; thoughe the inhabitauntf of the same shall, upon the great and weighty considerac&ns of the Kyngf Ma'f greate and inestymable charges before expressed, be for this Graunte charged and contributory, in like mare fourme and sorte as other Cities Boroughs and Townes whiche be not in any wyse pryvyleged, or from suche Grauntf of Subsidie excepted.

Provided Alwayes and be it enacted by aucthoritie aforeseid, That no Orphan or Infant w'in the age of xxj yeres bo'ne w'in any of the Kyngf Domynions ‘shalbe charged to any payment of this Subsidie for his Goods and Cattallf to hym lefte or bequethed ; Any thyng conteyned in this Acte to the contrrary notw*standyng.

Provided Also that the seid graunte of Subsidie or any other thyng therin conteyned *do not in any maii of wyse extende to be {Pjudiciall or hurtfull to thinhabytauntf or resyantf at this p>sent tyme w’in the Fyve Ports corporate, or to any of their membres incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Ports or to any of the same Fyve Ports, of or for any pte or pcell of the seid somes graunted in this jPsent Plyament, of the seid Inhabytauntf nowe Resyantf or any of them to be taxed sett asked levyed or paide; but that the seid Inhabytauntf and Resyantf in the seid Fyve Ports and their membres be and shalbe of and from the seid Graunt and payment of the seid Subsidie, duryng the Resyancy there and no lenger, derely acquited and discharged; Any matter or whatsoev1 thyng in this psent Acte had or made to the contrary notw'standyng.

Provided also that this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall extende to the goods or lands of any College Hawll or Hostell w'in the Universities of Oxforde and Cambrige or any of them, or to the goods or lands of the College of Wynton founded by Bisshop Wykam, or to the goods or lands of the College of Eton next Wyndesore, or to the goods or lands of any Comon Free Gramer Scole w'in the Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the goods of any Reader Scole Maister or Scoller w'in the seid Univ’sities and Colledgf or any of them there remaynyng for Studie w'out fraude or covyn, or to the goods or lands of any Hospitall Measondew or Spytlehouse ppayred and used for the Sustentac&n and Relief of poore People Any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wyse notw'standing.

(‘) Forasmuche Also as dyv’s and sundry the Kyngf Ma'f Subjects, and other thenhabyt*untf w'in the Counties of Anglesey Carnarvan Meryonethe Flynte Denbigh Mountgomery Radno' Brecknock Glamorgan Cardygan C.arSthen Pembrock in the Domynion of Wales and of the Countie Palentyne of Chester, be at this psent tyme charged and chargeable w' the payment of the Relief graunted to his Majestic in the Pliamentf holden at Westmynster upon prorogasion in the seconde and thirde yere of his Majesties Reigne, whiche Reliefff by reason of sev’all provisions made and provyded for the Counties aforeseid in and by the seid sev’all Acts, be as yet unpaide, and some of the same Reliefff in some of the seid Shires are to be paide before some other of the same Reliefff are to be paide in some other of the same Shires, For the paymentf wherof dyv’s the Kyngf Majesties Subjects and Inhabytauntf of the seid Counties are and stande charged to pay the same to the Kyngf Highnes at dayes yet to come; The Kinge our Sov’aigne Lorde is therfore pleaced and contented that it be pvyded ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritie aforeseid, That the firste payment of thys Subsidie graunted to his Highnes by this psent Acte of Plyament shalbe gathered levyed and paide, of thinhabytauntf of ev’y of the seid sev’all Shieres and Countie Palentyne, w'in one yere next after the last payment of the seid Reliefff shalbe due and ought to be paide, that is to say orderly in ev’y of the seid Counties and Countie Palentyne, as the laste day of the payment of the same Relief shall happen to ende and expire and not before myses and reliefs be past; and that the same Subsedie shalbe taxed levyed gathered and paide in the seid Courte of Exchequer in the two Yeres then next followyng at suche like dayes and tymes in the same two yeres as be before in this psent Acte lymyted and appoynted accordyng to the true meanyng of this Acte; Any thyng in this Acte menc&ned to the contrary hereof in any wyse notw'standyng.

And to thintent the seid dayes alredy lymyted and appoynted for the payment of the seid Relief may be certenly knowen and be of Recorde in the Kyngf seid Courte of Exchequer, Be it therfore enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid. That two of the Justicf of the Peace in ev’y of the seid Shires and Countie Palentyne, wherof one to be of the Quoru, shall before the feest of Seynt Martyn the Bisshop next ensuyng, certifie into the seid Courte of Exchequer the certeynty and very last day appoynted and lymytted for the payment of the seid Reliefs in ev’y of the seid Counties and Countie Palentyne, whiche Cerdficat shalbe receyved in the same Courte and there remayne of Recorde for the Considerac&ns aforeseid.

XXVIII. Proviso for Liberties of Citin in respect to future Subsidies.

[*» i vi.]

XXIX. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans.

XXX. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXI. Exemption of Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, See. and Hospitals, &c.

XXXII. Within certain Welsh Counties, chargeable with Relief payable under * & 3 E.VI. c. j6. after certain Times, (uef ja of IhatAct) the Subsidies under this Act shall not become payable until after Payment of such Relief.

XXXIII. Certihcate of the last Day for Payme nt of such Relief, in such Welsh Counties

respectively.

1 The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule, which is indorsed, « A Proviso in the Bill of Subsidie for Wales and the Countye Palatyne of Chester.’

3 C

190

7° Edw.VI. c. 13.

A.D. 1552-3.

Grant by the Clergy of the Prorince of Canterbury of a Subsidy of 6s. per Pound, payable in Three Years:

Tenor of the said Grant:

6s. per Pound on all Spiritual Benefices and Promotions j

to be rated according to the Taxation of the King's Tenth

but payable on Nine-Tenths only;

and not payable in the Years when First Fruits are paid;

payable in Three Years at at. per Annum;

to be paid to the Treasurer of the First Fruits

to be charged on Pensions from dissolved Monasteries;

to be deducted by Persons paying such Pensions;

6s. 8d. per Annum payable by Stipendiary Priests;

Bishops, ice. shall be Collectors with like Powers as for levying the King's Tenth.

CHAPTER XIII. (')

An Acte for the Confirmation of a Subsidie g*unted by the Clergie.

WHERE the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye have lovinglie and liberallye, for certaine Consideracbns, given and graunted to the Kings Ma" a Subsidye of sixe Shillingf of the pownde to be taken and levyed of all and singuler the Spuall Promotyons within the same Provynce, during the tearme of three yeres now next ensuinge, in suche certaine manner and fourme and w,b divers Exceptyons and Provisyons specefied and conteyned in a certaine Instrument by them therof made and delyvered to the Kings Highnes, under the Seale of Tharchebisshopp of Cantorburye, As in the same Instrument exhibited in this pnt Parlyament more playnelye it dothe appere; The tenor wherof ensuethe in thes Wordes:

The Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye, uppon greate and weightie Cawses to them [preposed and amonge the same waied and debated, Consyderinge their bownden dewtie to the Kings Ma" their moste naturall and gracyous Soveraigne Lorde, and havinge in remembr*unce the manifolde Benefittf which theye dailye receive by his moste gracyous and godlye Gouvemement, wherby theye be conserved in peace and quietnes and so more liable to serve God and intende to their Office: For declaration of their good hartes and myndes towardes his Highnes, withe one voyce and everie hartie good will, Do give and gr*unte to his Majestye One Subsidye in manner and fourme following. That is to saie; that everie Archebusshopp Busshopp Deane Archedeacon Prebendarye Provouste Master of Colleges M' of Hospitallf Parsone Vycar, and everie other Parsone and Parsons of what so ever Name or Degree he or they be enjoying anny Spuall Promocbn or other Temporal I Possessions to the same Spuall Promocbn annexed, now not devided nor seperate by Acte of Parlyament or otherwise from the possessyon of the Clergye, shall paye to the Kings Highnes for everye pownde that he maye yerelye dispende by reasone of the saide Spuall Promocbn, the some of Sixe shillingf: And for the trewe and certaine knowledge of the yerelie vallewe of the saide Promoc&ns and everye of them wherof the payment shalbe made, the rate taxation and valuacbn and estimac&n remayning of Recorde in the Kings Ma1" Courteof the First Fruitf and Tenthe, for the payment of the perpetuall Disme, concerninge all suche Promocbns as be in possessyon of the Clergye or anny other not devided by Acte of Parlyament or otherwise as is aforesaide, shalbe followed and obs'ved withowt anny makinge anny valuacbn rate taxacon or estimacbn, other then in the saide Recorde is comprised ; Provided alwaies that forasmuche as the Tenthe parte of the saide valuacbn and taxe before mentyoned, is yerelie paide to the Kings Highnes for the perpetuall Disme, so as there remayneth onely Nyne ptes to the Incumbent clere, this Subsidye of sixe shillingf the pownde shalbe understande onely of the same ix partes and of no more; Provided allwaies that no parsone that is allredye promoted to anny Spuall Benefyce sithen the first daie of October last past before the date hereof, or that hereafter shalbe promoted to anny Spuall Benefice on thissyde the first day of Octobre which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred fyftye and fyve, by reasone wherof they be shall or maye be charged that yere to the payment of the First Fruictf, shalbe contributorye or charged to the Kings Highnes w"’ anny pte of this Subsidie during the first yere of his saide Promocbn: The saide Prelates and Clergie allso doo gr*unte, that this Subsidie of sixe shillingf of the pownde of the yerelye vallewe of everie Promocbn taxed as aforesaide, shalbe paide to the Kings Matt within three yeres next ensuyinge the date hereof j that is to saie, Two shillingf of everie pownde in everie of the saide three yeres, the first payment therof to be dewe and made at the firstc daye of October next ensuinge, which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fiftye and three, and the seconde payment therof to be dewe and made in the first daye of October then next followinge, which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred and fiftye and foure, and the thirde payment therof to be dewe and made in the saide first daye of Octobre then next following, which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fiftye and fyve; And to be delyvered and payde yerely by suche as shall be appointed to have the collectyon therof, to the Treasourer of the Kings Courte of Firste Fruictf and Tenthes or to anny other parsone whom it shall please the Kings Ma" to appointe for the receipte therof before or at the last daye of Januarye in everie of the saide three yeres : Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie allso doo gr*unte, that everye Preist and all other parsons having a pensyon by reasone of the dissoluebn of anny the late Monasteries Colleges Free Chappellf Ch*untries Fraternities Guyldes and Hospitallf or anny other Corporacbns within the saide Provynce of Cantorburye, shall lykewise paye to his Highnes sixe shillingf of everie pownde of the saide Pensyons within the saide three yeres, at suche daye and tyme as is before specefyed; And that for the sure payment therof, a deductyon and retention of the said vj s. to be made in the handes of the payers of the saide Pentyon after the proporcbn of two shillingf of the pownde everie of the saide three yeres, to be delyvered and paide unto his Ma"* use at suche tyme and to suche parsons as the Subsidye of sixe shillingf aforesaide shalbe paide unto: Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie doo gr*unte that everie Priest receivinge annuall Stipende beinge no ppetuitye within the saide Provynce, shall paye unto his Graces use Sixe shillingf eight pens in every of the same three yeres, at the same dayes and under the same penaltyes as the rest of the Clergye doo paye for their Promotions: Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie further doo gr'unte, that everye Archebisshopp and Busshopp, and the See being vacante, everie Deane and Chapter of that See voyde, shalbe Collecto" of this Subsidye within their propre Diocesse; and for the better Recouverye of the saide Collectyon, the saide Prelates and Clergie humblie beseche the Kings Highnes that they maye have full power and aucthoritie by his Ma" and the highe Courte of Parlyament,

1 From the Original A£L See Note at the beginning of this Year. • proposed Printed Copies.

b

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Enw.VI. c. 13.

191

to use all suche waies meanes and processes as be prescribed in thacte of Parlyament of perpetuall Dismes for the collectyon and levyinge of the same, And shall make_accompte therof before the Ch'uncelo' or Treasourer or other Officers of his Graces Courte of the Firste Fruictf and Tenthe, or in suche other place as it shall please his Highnes to appointe, in such wise and after suche fourme onelye as the saide Archebisshoppf and Bisshoppf be now or shalbe charged for the collectyon of the perpetuall Disme, wherby is ment how the lacke and defaute of payment of and for anny pdculer Promoc&n shall onelye chardge the Incumbent and suche as be bownde to paye the same ; And that uppon suche paynes as be provided in the Acte of perpetuall Disme against them that doo make defaulte in that bihalfe: Provided allwaies, that everie Incumbent making suche defaulte of payment, after Certificate of suche defaulte dewlie made and exhibited in the Kings Mat" Courte of First Fruictf and Tenthe, shall forfaite and loose onely that his Benefice or Promoc&n for which he makethe defaulte, and for the same shall incurre no other forfeiture losse daunger payne or penaltye; anny other payne clawse artycle or condition in the saide Statute of perpetuall Disme conteyned to the contrarye notwithstanding; And that Tharchebusshopp Busshopp or Deane and Chapter gathering that they can receive, and making payment therof, shall for the rest not by them received be discharged by their Certificate to be made by the firste daye of Februarye in everye of the saide three yeres, or within xxiiij*1 dayes after, in to the Courte of First Fruictf and Tenthe; And sixe pence of everye pownde, wherwith the Collecto" shalbe charged in his Accompte clerelye to be paide into the saide Receipte, or into suche other place as it shall please the Kings Ma" to appointe, shalbe allowed to the same Collector for his saide Accompte for the same for the charges and collectyon portage conveying and payinge of the saide Subsidye : Provided allwaies, that no Spuall Promoc&n of anny Landes or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Gr*unte or Acte of the Provynce of Cantorburye, or anny Goods or Cattallf growing being or renewing of the same or parteyninge to the Owners of th saide Spuall Promoc&n, shalbe charged or made contributorye to anny Fiftene or other Subsidye allreadye gr*unted to the Kings Highnes of the Laye Fee or hereafter to be gr’unted during the tearme of the saide three yeres: Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie further gr*unte, that everye of his Graces newe erected Busshoppf Deanes Prebendaryes Petycanons and Preachers shalbe charged to this Subsidye for their owne Portyons onelye therof to paye Sixe shillingf of the pownde within the saide three yeres as is above rehersed of other Busshoppf and Spuall parsons ; And thes portyons of Rents and Revenues w* his Highnes hath given unto them for the maynten*nce of Poore Men Scoole Masters Usshers Gramaryens Queristers and other Officers and Ministers, not to be charged with anny pte of this Subsidye: Provided allso, that everye Parsone Vicar or other Spuall man paying anny Pentyon wherof none allowaunce is made in the valuac&n of his saide Benefyce, shall and maye reteyne twoo shilling of everie pownde of everye suche Penc&n everye yere during the saide three yeres to his owne relief, in considerac&n that he is charged to paye his Subsidye of Sixe shillingf of the pownde owt of everye pownde of the hole valewe of his Promotion: Provided allso, that where certayne Landes Teiitf Rents Tythes Pencons Porc&ns Fruictf and other Heredytamentf latelye belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches or to other places Eccliasticall within the saide Provynce of Cantorburye, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent to and on the fynding and maynten*nce of certaine Countries Anniversaries Obyttf Lightes Lampes and other lyke thyngf intentf and purposes, be now come in to thandes and possessyon of the Kings Ma" or Soveraigne Lorde by force of a Statute therof made in the firste yere of his gracyous Reigne, as by the saide Statute more playnelye appereth. That the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Deanes or Presidents and Chapters of the same and all other places and parsons to whome the saide Landes Rents and other the Premisses or anny of them did latelye apptayne, shall not be charged to and with anny contribuc&n or payment of anny Subsidye, for that parte or porc&n whereunto the Kings Highnes is intitled or possessed of; But the saide Subsidye shalbe understande to be chargeable and dewe onelye of all and singuler Landes Teiitf Rents Tythes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruictf and other Heredytamentf which doo still remayne not dissevered from the Handes and Possession of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other the places and parsons aforesaide; And that deductyon and allowaunce be made to them and everye of them in the payment of the saide Subsidye owt of the whole vallewe taxatyon and esdmac&n made for the payment of the saide perpetuall Disme remayninge of Recorde in the Kings Mat" Courte of First Fruictf and Tenthe, for that Rate and Portyon which is coome to thandes and possessyon of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde, or otherwise severed from the possessyons of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other places and parsons aforesaide by force of the Statute premised : Provided allso, that everye Parsone and Vicar whose Benefyce is above the valuac&n of fyve pownde and not above vj ti xiij s. iiij d. after the Rate of the perpetuall Tenthe, shall paye everye yere of the saide three yeres onelye sixe shillingf eight pens as Stipendaryes doo and not otherwise: And that all Parsons and Vicars whose Benefices be of the valuac&n of fyve pownde or under, after the Rate of the saide perpetuall Tenthe, shall not be charged nor chargeable w,h this Subsidye or anny pte cherof: Provided allwaies, that this Subsidye gr*unted by the Clergye shall not be demaunded or levyed owt of anny Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge situatt or sett within the Universities of Oxforde and Cambryge, or of anny Benefice or other Revenues unto anny Howse of Students or Colledge of Oxforde or Cambryge united appropried or apptayninge. Or of the College of Eton nigh Windeso', Or of the Colledge of Winchestre founded by Willyam Wykeham sometyme Busshopp of Winchestre, Or of anny Hospitallf or Gramer Scooles, or of anny other Churche or Benefyce, or of anny other Revenues of the saide Howses Collegf Hospitallf or Gramer Scooles, or to anny of them annexed appropryed or otherwise apperteyninge : Provided allso, that everie Priest and all other parsons havinge a Pentyon by reasone of the dissolutyon of the late Monasteryes Colleges Free Chappellf Countries Fratemityes Guyldes and Hospitallf or anny other Incorporac&ns within the Provynce of Cauntorburye or anny of them, and being of the Some of fourtie shillingf or under and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable to the saide Subsidye or anny pte therof for anny suche Penc&n of fourtve shillingf or under; Anny thing conteyned in this Gr*unte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Incumbent making Default shall forfeit only the Benefice for which lie ii deficient;

Bishops liable only for Sums actually collected

Allowance for Collection

No Spiritual Promotion liable to the Lay Subsidy;

New Bishopricks charged to this Subsidy

Parsons, (kc. paying Pensions may retain the

Subsidy;

Proviso for Exemption of Lands of Cathedrals, kc. applicable to Chantries, (kc. vested in the King by Stat.

I E. VI. c. 14.

Benefices from £5. to jC6 13s. ad. per Annum shall pay only 6s. 8d.

Benefices not exceeding t£$ exempted. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, kc.

Pensions of 40s. and under exempted.

k

192

7° Emv.VI. c. 13.

A.D. 1552-3.

The said Subsidy confirmed by Parliament.

IL

Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures,or Distress on the Farmers, who shall be allowed the same out of their Rent,

III.

The Court of Augmentation shall retain Subsidy out of Pensions payable there.

IV.

Other Persons paying Pensions shall retain Subsidy, and certify the same to the Court of First Fruits;

Like Certificate by the Court of Augmentations, and of Stipendary Priests, by the Bishops, See.

V.

Persons paying Stipends, charged with the Subsidy.

And for the sore and trews Payment of this Subsidye granted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye according to the teno' purporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this pnt Instrument, The saide Prelates and Clergye moste hutnblie desire and require yo' Highnes that this their saide Gyfte Gr*unte and Subsidye, and everie Matter Some of Moneye Clawse and Sentence in this Instrument conteyned concerninge the saide Subsidye, maye be ratefyed established and confirmed by aucthoritye of yo' Highnes Courte of Parlyament: And for the trewe and sure Payment of the saide Subsidye gr'unted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the saide Province of Cantorburie according to the Teno' effecte and trewe meaninge of the saide Instrument, Be it enacted by the Kings Highnes with the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Tempo rail and the Comons in this pnt parlyament assembled and by thauctoritye of the same. That the saide Gifte and Gr*unte and everye Matter Some of Moneye Clawse and Sentence in the saide Instrument conteyned, be ratefyed established and confirmed by the aucthoritye aforesaide.

And Furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlyament, That everie parsone that shalbe appointed to the Collectyon and gathering of the saide Subsidye, shall have full power and aucthoritye to levye take and perceive the same Subsidie by aucthoritye of the censures of the Churche, or by distresse uppon the possessyon of the farmo" and Owners of the Landes and Tents chargeable by this Acte for or to the payment of anny s5me or somes of moneye, or otherwise by the discretyon of the Collectors therof; And that no replevy prohibic&n or supersedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for anny parsone or psons making defaulte of payment of the saide Subsidye contrarie to the teno' of the gr*unte therof, untill suche tyme as theye have trewlie satisfied and contented all suche pte and porc&ns as to them in that bihalfe appteyneth; And that everye such Farmo' and Farmo" that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and w* the payment of the said Subsidye or anny pte therof, shall by thauctoritye aforesaide be allowed and retaine in his handes, as muche of his yerelye Ferine and Rent as the s5me which he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Lesso' shall extende to amounte unto; Anny writinge coven'nte bande or other thing had or made to the contrarye in anny wise notwithstanding.

And for the levyinge of the saide Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf of the pownde, of and for the yerely pencons which anny priest or other parsone or parsons which heretofore have byn Religious or taken for Religious parsone doo or shall receive at the Courte of Thaugmentac&ns and Revenues, the Ch*uncelo' of the same Courte for the tyme being shall yerelye during the saide three yeres, that is to saye, at the feast of Sl Michell Tharchaungell yerelie during the saide three yeres, deteyne and reteyne in his handes, or cawse to be deteyned or reteyned in thandes of other thofficers and ministers of the same Courte to the Kings use, for everye pownde of the same penc&ns twoo Shillingf, And the same shall well and trulie paye or cawse to be payed into the saide Courte of the Tenthe and First Fruictf or ells where as the Kings Highnes shall appointe, before the last daye of Januarye, withowt anny chardge to be made or susteyned in that behalfe.

And Be it further enacted by aucthoritye aforesaide. That everie other parsone and parsons which paye or be chargeable to pay anny yerelie Rent pentyon or pentyons to anny Preist or other parsone or parsons which heretofore have byn Religious or taken for Religious parsons chargeable to the payment of the saide Subsidye, that everye suche parsone or parsons which doo so paye or hereafter shall paye anny of the saide yerelie Rents pentyon or pentyons shall not onelye during the saide three yeres reteyne in his handes yerelye to the Kings use for everye pownde of the same yerelye Rents pentyon or penc&ns twoo Shillingf, And the same well and truly paye or cawse to be payed yerelye during the same three yeres unto thordinarye of the same Diocesse, or to the Collecto' of the saide Subsidye there to the Kings use, but allso shall yerelye during the same three yeres before the first daye of Decembre, certefie under his or their Seale or Seales unto the saide Courte of First Fruictf and Tenthe or ells where it shall please the Kings Highnes to appointe, the Names and Surnames of all and singuler suche Priests and other parsons Religious or heretofore taken for Religious parsons as is aforesaide And the trewe yerelie Rents or PenC&ns which they or anny of them be entytled to have or receive yerelye as is aforesaide; And that the Ch*uncelo' for the tyme being of the Kings Courte of Augmentac&ns and Revenues of the Kings Crowne shall lykewise yerelye during the saide three yeres before the first daye of Decembre, certefie under the Seale of the same Courte not onelye the Names and Surnames of all and singuler Priests and other parsons chargeable for the saide severall Rents and yerelye Penc&ns to the payment of the saide Subsidye into the saide Courte of the Tenthe and First Fruictf, or ells where it shall please the Kyngf Majesde to appointe, But allso the trewe and just yerely s5me and somes of the same yerely Rents or Pentyons with the Names or Surnames of the parsons chargeable to the payment therof: And that the Archebisshopp and Bisshopp of everie Dioces within the saide Provynce of Cantorburie, shall yerelye during the saide three yeres before the first daye of Februarye or within xxiiij11 dayes after at the furdest, certefye under his Seale in the saide Courte of the Tenthe and First Fruictf or ells where it shall please the King to appointe, the Names and Surnames of all and singuler Sdpendarie Priestes being w'‘in anny of their Diocesse chargeable to the saide payment of the saide Subsidye as is aforesaide, and allso the names and Surnames of everie suche parsone and parsons with whome he or theye do dwell and take anny Stipende or Wages.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That everie suche parsone and parsons which within the saide three yeres shall give and paye anny Stipende or Wages to anny suche Priest as is abovesaide shall for the insufficyencye or defaulte of everie of the same Priest or Priests being in s'vice and wages with him at the first daye of October, be charged or chargeable to and with the payment of Sixe Shillingf eight pens for the same Yere.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 13, 14.

193

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That the saide Archebusshopp and Busshoppf and other ^ uitta^ to parsones chargeable to and with the Collectyon of the saide Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf the pownde within the saide Collectors, ic. provynce of Cantorburye, shall have uppon everie payment therof made in the Kings Courte of the Tenthe and P*!™*

First Fruictf.or ells where the Kings Ma" shall appointe, a sufficyent acquietance in writinge of suche parsone or parsons as Court of the Kings Ma" shall appointe for the receipte therof, the same acquietance witnessing the same Receipte of as muche of the FirW Fruit,‘ same some of the same Subsidye as shalbe by anny of them so receyved; And everie suche acquitance in writing sealed and subscribed with the name or names of everie suche parsone or parsons that so by the Kings appointment shall receive anny of the saide somes of moneye, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe and allso a sufficyent dischardge to all intentf constructyons and purposes as yf it were made by Acte of Parlyament; And that every parsone and parsons which shall have and receive anny such acquitance, shall paye but onelye twoo pens for everye of the same acquitances.

Be It allso further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Graunte and Gr'untes of all and everie subsidy of the some and somes of money w* hereafter shalbe graunted to the Kings Highnes by the Clergie of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe of the same Strengthe force and effecte in all things as the saide gr*unte made by the said Provynce of Cantorburye; under thia Act. and shalbe taxed certefyed collected levyed and gathered according to the tenor fourme and effecte of this presente Acte of Parlyament, to all Intentf constructyons and purposes, in suche manner as thoughe it was spiallye playnely and pticulerlye expressed and rehersed in this Acte by expresse Wordes termes and sentencf in their severall natures and kyndes.

Provided Allwaies and be it enacted by aucthoritie aforesaide, That everye laye parsone having anny Spuall promoc&n Lav Persons chargeable to this Acte, and allso having temporal! possessyons goods catallf and debtes chargeable to the Subsidye * gr*unted by the Temporaltie, shalbe charged taxed and sett for his saide spuall promoc&n with the Clergie, and for his Promotions temporall possessyons goods and cattallf with the Temporaltie, and not otherwise.

Provided Allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That all Provisos before rehersed, conteyned in All Provisoes in the saide gr*unte of the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye, and the lyke or the same Provisions cierg^confimH. hereafter to be conteyned in the gr'unte of the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe good and effectuall and to be obs'ved and kepte in everie poynte and artycle according to the trewe purporte and meaninge of the same.

CHAPTER XIV. (■)

The Kings Ma*" moste free and generall Pardone.

THE Kings moste Excellent Ma" considering his highe Power to be given unto him from Allmightie God to goveme and rule his people by distribution of Judgement and Mercie as cawses doo require, and remembring this pnt tyme into how manye penalties and daungers of Lawes sondrie his lovinge Subgectf be fallen, owt of the wrt (allthoughe they shewe them selfs mannye waies sorrie therfore) they can not be delyvered yf his Ma" shall suffer the weight and burden of Justice to remayne uppon their shoulders, is mercifullie moved by Allmightie God (in whose hands the hartes of Kings be) of reasonable pitie and Princelye bountefulnes, having on the one pte great hope of an universall amendement (by Goddes grace) of suche as have erred, and on thother parte a manifest dedarac&n in this Parlyament of the feithfull lovinge hartes of his saide Subgectf, to gr*unte and give, withowt respecte of a great increase of Treasure which might arryse by execuc&n of the penall Lawes, A generall free bountefull and beneficiall Pardone as followeth, that is to saie; That all and everie of his seid Subjects aswell Spuall as Temporall of this his Realme of Englande Wales and the Isles of Jemesey and Gernseye Barwycke and Callaice and the Marches of the same, their heires successo" executo" and administrate" of them and everie of them, and all and singuler Bodyes in anny manner of wise Corporate Cities Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythingf and everie of them, and the Successo' and Successo" of everie of them, shall be by aucthoride of this pnt Parlyament acquired pardoned released and discharged against the Kings Highnes his heires successo" executo" and everie of them, of all manner Treasone Felonies Robberyes Offencf Contemptf Trespases Wronges Disceitf Misdemeano" Forfeitures Penalties and Proffittf, Somes of money, paynes of deathe, paynes corporall and pecuniarye, and generallie of all other things causes quarrellf suits judgementes and execucions, in this pnt Acte hereafter not excepted nor forprised, which may be or can be by his Highnes in anny wise or by anny meane pardoned before and unto the first daye of Februarye last past, and next before the Session of this pnt parlyament, to everie or anny of his saide Subgectf Bodies Corporate Cides Boroughes Shires Rydingf Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythingf or anny of them.

And Allso the Kings Highnes is contented that it be enacted by aucthoride of this pnt Plyament, That this his saide free Pardone shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe, to everie of his saide Subgectf Bodies corporate and other before rehersed and to everie of them, by the saide generall Wordes before rehersed in and against all things which be not hereafter in this present Acte excepted, as the same Pardonne shoulde have byn yf all Offences Contemptes Forfeitures Cawses Matters Suittes Quarrellf Judgementf Executyons Penalties, and all other things not hereafter excepted, had byn pdculerlie singulerlie speciallye and playnelye named rehersed and specefied, and also pardoned by propre and

Motives of thia Pardon:

Central Pardon to all Subjects, Bodiei Corporate, See. in England, Wales, Jersey, Guernsey,Berwick, and Calais, of all Offences, not expressly excepted, committed See. before 1st Feb. An. 7 E.VI.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, at if all Offences, Sec. were particularly specified.

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

194

7°Edw.VI. c. 14

A.D. 1552-3

hi.

Grent of all Forfeiture! on Offencei.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fee; except I ad. to the Clerk.

IV.

Tliii Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officer! of Courts issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned; Treble Damages, and such Process declared void.

VL Exceptions from this Pardon: T reason against the Royal Person; Treasonable Insurrections; Foreign Treasons; and all Forfeitures thereon

Conterfeiting, fcc. of the Coin; Piracies;

Murders; Burglaries; Robberies;

Rapes;

Escapes; Accessaries;

expresse wordes and names in their Kyndes natures and qualities, by wordes and tearmes therunto requesite to have byn putt and expressed in this pnt Acte of free Pardone; And that his saide Subgectf nor anny of them or the heires executo" and administrate" of anny of them, nor anny of the saide Bodyes Corporate and others before named nor anny of them, be or shalbe sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goods Landes or Cattallf for anny manner of Matter cawse contempte misdemeano' forfeiture trespasse offence or anny other thing suffred done or comitted before the saide first day of Februarye against his Highnes his Crowne Dignitye Prerogatyve Lawe or Statutes, but onelye for suche Matters Cawses and Offences as be playnelie rehersed in the exceptions in this pnt Acte hereafter mentyoned and for none other ; Anny Statute or Statutes Lawes Custumes Uses or President heretofore had made or used to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

All so the Kings Highnes of his bounteouse liberality e by aucthoritie of this pnt Parlyament, gr*untethe and frelie giveth to everie of his saide Subgectf and to every of the saide Bodies Corporate and other before rehersed and to everie of them, all suche forfaitures and somes of moneye] by anny of them forfaited, which to his Highnes doo or shoulde belonge or apperteyne by reasone of anny Offence trespasse contempte misdemeano' matter cause or quarrell suffred doone or comitted by them or anny of them, before the saide firste daye of Februarye which be not hereafter playnelye forprised or excepted in this pnt Acte: And that all and everie the Kings saide Subjects and all and singuler Bodies Corporate and other before rehersed, maye by him or themselves or his or their Deputie or Deputies or by his or their Atto'neye or Attorneys according to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this pnt Acte of Free pdone for his or their dischardge, of and for everie thing that is by vertue of this pnt Acte pardoned discharged given or gr‘unted, withowt anny fee or other thing in anny wise paying to anny parsone or parsons for writing or entreye of the Judgement or other cawse concerninge such Plea Writing or Entreie, but onelye xijd. to be paide to Thofficer or Clercke that shall entre the Plec Matter or Judgemente for the pties dischardge in that behalfe; Anny Statute or Use to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And Furthermore the Kings Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlyament, That this his saide Free Pardone by the generall wordes before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed and adjudged allowed and taken in all manner of Courtes of his and ells where, in all and singuler clawses wordes and sentences mentyoned and rehersed in this saide Free Pardone, moste beneficiallye & avaylablie to all and singuler his saide Subgectes Bodies Corporate and others before rehersed and to everie of them, and moste stronglie in barre and discharge against his Highnes his heires successo" and executo" in everie thing, withowt anny obstacle ambiguitye chalenge or other delaye what so ever it shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alleged by the King o' Soveraigne Lorde his heires successo" or executo" or by his or anny of their generall Attourney or Atto'neys, or by anny parsone or parsons for his Highnes or anny of his heires successo" or executo".

And Furthermore it is enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Parlyament, That yf anny Officer or Clercke of anny of his Highnes Courtes comenlye called the Kings Benche Ch'uncerie and Comen Place or of his Exchequer, or anny other Officer or Clercke of anny other of his Highnes Courtes within this Realme, at anny tyme after the fiftene day of Apryll next cominge which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fiftie and three, make owt or write owt anny manner writtf or other processe or anny extretes [somos ’] or other preceptf, wherby anny of the saide Subgectf or anny of the saide Bodies Corporate or other before rehersed or anny of them, shalbe in anny wise arrested attached distrayned sumoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or greyed in his or their Bodies landes teStf goods or cattallf or in anny of them, for or becawse of anny manner thing pardoned or dischardged by vertue of this Acte of Free Pardone; then he so offending and therof lawfullie condemned, shall yelde and paye for recompence therof to the Partie so greyed or offended treble damages, accompting as pcellf of the same damages, all costes of the suite; And nevertheles all and singuler suche writtes processe extretes and preceptes so to be made for or uppon anny manner thing pardoned or discharged by this present Acte of Free Pardone, shalbe utterlie voyde and of none Effecte.

Except and allwaies forprised owt of this Generall and Free Pardone, all and all manner of Highe Treasones comitted or done by anny parsone or parsons by anny overt Dede or Acte aguinste the Kings moste Royall parsone; And all Insurrectyons Rebellyons Conspiracies and Confederaces trayterouslie had comitted or done by anny parsone or parsons against the Kings Parsone; And allso excepted all and all manner of Treasons edmitted or done by anny parsone or parsons in the pties beyonde the Sea, or in anny other place owt of the Kings Dominions, and all suites punishementf execuc&ns paynes of deathe forfeitures and penalties for or by reasone or occacbn of anny of the Treasone or Offences before excepted; Allso excepte and forprised owt of this Free Pardone, all and all manner of forging counterfeyting wasshing and clippinge of whatsoever Moneye or Coyne curr*unte in this Realme, and all and all manner of Offences impety£6ns punishmentf forfaitures paynes judgementf and execuf&ns for the same; And allso excepted and forprised owt of this Generall and Free Pardone, all and everie Pyracye and Pyracies doon uppon the Sea, and all manner of voluntarie Murders, and all and everie Burglarie in anny dwelling howse, and all and everie Robberye done in any Churche or Churches, and all and everie Robberye done in any dwelling howse or howses in the daye tyme, and all Robberies done uppon or to any mans parsone; And all Rapes and camall Ravyshmentf of Women ; All willfull Escapes aswell of Trayto" and Fellons as of Clerckes attaynted; And allso excepted and forprised all and singuler Accessaries of in or to the saide Offences before excepted and to everye of them or anny of them; And also

> summons Primal Cofits.

A.D. 1552-3.

7° Edw. VI. c. 14.

195

excepted owt of this Generali and free Pardone, all Attaynders and Utlaries for any Treasone Murder Robbery or Burglary; And also excepted all and every manner of taking from the King of any Goods Issewes Rents Revenues or proffittf of anny Manno" landes terStf or heredytamentf of any Trayto' Murderer Felone Clercke or Clerckes being parsons attaynted owtlawed or fugitives or of any of them; And allso excepted all manner of Intrusions and unlawfull Entres hadde made or done in or uppon anny Manno" landes teiitf or other heredytamentf of o' Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, and the takinge of anny the yssues and proffittf of the same, and allso all sutes and ympetic&ns for the same; And excepted allso all Wastes comitted or doone in anny of the Kings Wardes Landes, or in the Wardes Landes of anny of the Kyngf Comittees, and all forfaitures of Maryage of all and everie the Kings Wardes; And allso of all and everie Concelemente of anny Custume or Subsidye, And all and singuler Accomptes of all and every Collector and Collecto" of anny Subsidye or Fyftene Benevolence or Contribucon and of everie other parsone what so ever, that ought to be accomptaunte to the King or to his most noble father Kinge Henry theight, and the heyres executo" and administrato" of everie such Accomptaunte, and all arrerages of Accomptes, and all Impetycftns and suites for the same; Allso excepte all Inclosures and decayes of howses of Husbandrie made done comitted or pmitted contrarie to the forme and effecte of anny Statute or Statutes heretofore made: Provided alwaies, that all yssues proffittf amercyamentf fynes and other penalties which were dewe to the King before the first day of Februarye next before this pnt Cessyon of Parlyament, by reason of any suche Inclosure or decaye as is aforesaide, shalbe frelie pardoned by this Acte: And allso excepte owt of this Generali and Free Pardone, all manner of unlawfull Claymes Usurpatyons User Abuser or not User of any Libertyes Fr'unchesies Privilegf or Jurisdictyons, wherof or for the which anny Writt or Suite of Quo Warranto or Informaeon is now depending in anny of the Kings Courtes; And excepte and forprised owt of this Free Pardone all Issues Fynes and Amercyamentf afferede taxed sett extracted or entred severallie or particulerlye touching and conceminge anny one parsone or moo parsons joyntelye extending to the some of twentie pownde or above; And allso and singuler other Fynes, aswell Fynes Pro Licentia concordandi as other sett or taxed, and all other yssues and amercyamentf aswell reall as other which severallie or pticulerlye extende not to the some of tenne powndes, whither they be totted or not totted, taken to the chardge of the Shrief or not taken to his chardge, extracted or not extracted, whether they be turned into debte or not into debte, and not being levyed nor received by anny Shrife or Shrieff Bayliffe Ministers or other Officers, shalbe fullie clerely and playnelie pardoned and discharged against the King or Soveraigne Lorde his heires and successo" for ever by this pnt Acte of Free Pardone: And allso excepted and forprised owt of this Free Pardone all and all manner of Deceytes and Offences of all and singuler Monyers and other Officers Mynters or Worckemen of or in anny of the Kings Myntes within this Realme or anny other his Dominyons, and all Impeticbns and Punishments for the same; And allso excepted and forprised owt of this Generali or Free Pardone all Ravishmentf and witholdingf of the Kinges Wardes and Wardes Landes at anny tyme comen or growen to the Kings handes and not yet discharged; And allso excepte all Tythes and Actyons of Quare impedit and all Homages Relief and Reliefes Rents /vices Rent charges Rent sek and the arrearages of the same not done or payed to the King; And allso excepted all Debtes which were or be dewe to or Soveraigne Lorde the King, or to the moste noble King of famouse memorie King Henry the Seventhe, or to King Henry theight, or to anny parsone or parsons to his or their use by anny condemnatyon recognisaunce obligafftn or otherwise, other then such as ar dewe uppon anny obligac&n or recognis*unce forfeited before the saide firste daye of Februarye for non appar'unce, or for not keping of the Peace, or not being of good behavo'; And allso excepted and forprised owt of this Pardone, all and singuler those forfaitures being dewe to o' Soveraigne Lorde the King, by anny Penaltie Statute or Statutes which be converted in to the nature of debte by judgement or by the agrement of the Offendo' or Offendo", or whereof there is anny Verdyt past for the King; And allso excepted all forfaitures and other penalties and proffittf growen or dewe to the King by reasone of anny Offence Contempte or other Acte had suffred comitted or done contrarie to anny Statute or Statutes or contrarie to the Comon Lawe, wherof anny Informac&n is given in the Kings Exchequer or into the Kings Benche, or wherof the Kings Highnes by his Bill signed or otherwise, heretofore hath made anny gyfte or assignement to anny parsone or parsons; And allso excepte and forprised owt of this Generali and Free Pardone, all suche parsones as the last daie the present moneth of Marche were or shall be in prysone within the Towre of London, or in the Fleete, the Kings Benche, or the Marshalseye, and all parsons putt to execucon before the saide last daye of Marche; And allso excepted owt of this Generali and Free Pardone, all and everie parsone and parsons in anny wise before the twentie daye of Marche in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande five hundred fiftye and twoo, comitted to prisone to the Porters Warde by the comaundement of anny the Kings Councell in the Marches of Wales, for annye Felonye Robberie or Murder at anny tyme comitted or done before the saide xx,h daie of Marche; And allso excepted owt of this Generali and Free Pardone all and everie such parsone and parsons which have heretofore fledd owt of this Realme of Englande or anny other the Kings Domynyons for anny Offence of High Treasone Petite Treasone or Misprision of Treasone; And allso excepte owt of this Pardone all and everie Offence and Offencf towching or conceminge the carryage sending or conveying over the Seas of anny Golde Sylver Jewellf or anny Coyne of Golde or Sylver, contrarie to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme onlesse it were or be by the Kings Lycence.

Provided Allwaie and be it enacted by thauctoritye of this pnt Parlyament, That all and everie parsone and parsons which have tended or ought to sue Liverye out of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Handes, of or for anny Manno" Landes Teiitf or Heredytamentf what so ever they be, shall sue his or their Liverye and Livereys owt of o' saide Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Handes, of his or their Manno" Landes Teiitf and Heredytamentf, in lyke manner and fourme as they and everie of them shoulde and ought to have done yf this Acte had never byn hadd ne made; Anny Artyde Acte or Actes Thing or Things in this pnt Acte of generall and free Pardone comprised and specefied to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Attainder and Outlawrie* for Treaaoo, 4c.; Taking Issues of Felons Goods, 4c. j Intrusions;

Wastes in Lands of the King's Wards,

4c.;

Concealment of Customs, 4c. Accountants to the King j

Decay of Houses,

4c.

Usurpation or Non-user of Franchises, 4c.;

Issues, 4c. offered, 4c. to Amount of jtfio;

All Fines, 4c. under j£io pardoned;

Exception of Offences by Officers of the Mints;

Ravishments of the King's Wards,4c.;

Rents-Seck, 4c.; Debts due to the King on Recognizance

Forfeitures proceeded for or granted by the King;

Prisoners in the Tower, 4c. or in Execution

Prisoners in Wales;

Fugitives for Treason;

Exporters of Gold and Silver.

VII. Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

L

196

A.D. 1552-3,

7° Edw. VI.

c. 14.

VIII.

The Discharge of Sheriff! for Fines, &c. hereby pardoned.

IX.

Fines paid by Sheriffs excepted from this Pardon.

X.

Proviso for Outlawries in private Suits.

XI.

Exception of Cardinal Poole and others, and Persons accessory to their Escape from Prison.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide. That in cace it be objected to or against anny Shrief or Shrieff or other Accompt*untf in the Kings Courte of Exchequer or in anny other his Courtes, that anny Shrief or Shrieff other then Officers accompt’unte, have received or taken anny suche Fynes yssues or amercyamentf by this pnt Acte pardoned and acquieted, that then everie suche Shriefe and Shrieff and other Accompt'untf shalbe discharged released pardoned and acquieted therof by his or their othe withowt anny further tryall in that behalfe.

Provided allwaie that this present Acte of Free Pardone, nor anny thing therin conteyned, in anny wiseextende to dischardge remitt or acquitt anny parsone or parsons for anny suche yssues fynes or amercyamentf as anny Shrief heretofore have accompted for before the Barons of the Kings Exchequer or ells where, and paide the same yssues fynes and amercyamentf uppon his or their saide accompte determyned to the Kings use, and hath his or their quietus est for the same.

Provided Allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoride aforesaide. That it shalbe lefull to all and everie Clercke and other Officer of anny the Kings Courtes, to awarde and make writtf of Capias utlagatum at the suite of the ptie playnetife against suche parsones owtlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to thintent to compell the defendaunte and defendauntes to make answer to the playntife or playntiff at whose suite he or theye were owtlawed ; And that everie parsone so owtlawed shall sue a writt of Scire facias against the parde or pries at whose suite he or they were so owtlawed, before this pardone in that bihalfe shalbe allowed to him that so is owtlawed.

Provided allwaie that this Acte of generall and free Pardone or anny thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to Cardynall Poole Jeffereys Poole Doctor Hillyard Michaell Throkmerton Richard Pate Goldwell John Clement Docto' of Phisycke John Storye Docto' of the Lawe Willm11 Rastall Anthonye Bouvyce Balthaser Guarsy Surgen Benedict Bouvyce Germayne Seo, ne to Edwarde Crayforde alias Crafforthe Thomas Crayforde alias Crayfforthe Thomas Fynche Thomas Raynoldes of Whitstable in the Counrie of Kent Yeoman ne to Will*m Bedell ne to Thomas Raynoldes nor to anny of them, for anny kynde of Treasone nor for anny Fellonye Robberye wilfull murder or burglarye by them or anny of them comitted or done before the saide XXth daye of Marche in the yere of or Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fiftie and twoo: ne to dischardge or acquite anny parsone or parsons which have procured ayded assisted or cownceled them or anny of them to breake anny Prisone or to go or flye over the Sea without the Kings Lycence ; Anny thing in this Acte of Fre Pardone to the contrarie in anny wise notwithstanding.

6n0 of t&e Statutes of 3&tng COtbarO tl)t 3>#tt).

( 197 )

I

i

i

i

STATUTES OF QUEEN MARY.

Anno 1° MARIAN; Sess. 1*. A.D. 1553.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Fifth Day of October, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. MARY.

ex iRotulo l&arttamentt De anno regni l&egine fl^arte, #rimo. (')

In parliamento inchoato et tento apud Westmonasterium Quinto die Octobris anno Regni Serenissime et Excellentissime Dfie nre Marie Dei gracia Anglie Francie et Hibnie Regine Fidei Defensoris et in Terris Ecde Anglicane et Hibemie Supremi Capitis primo, et [. . . . 1 ] continuato usq^ in vicesimum primu diem ejusdem Mensis tunc proxim sequentis, Coi omnium Procerum et Populi consensu, ac Regie Majestatis tunc presentis Assensu, sancita stabilita inactitaf et ordinata fuerunt hec subsequentia Statuta. Vidett.

I. An Acte repealing certayne Treasons Felonies and Premunire.

An Acte for the Restitucbn in bloude of the Lady Garterede Courtneye late Wyef of Henrye Courtneye late Lorde Marques of Exeter.

An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloude of S' Edwarde Courtneye Knight Earle of Devon.

1 All the Acts of the Three Sessions holden in this First Year, are entered on One Roll in Chancery t The Three Acts of the First Session are numbered t, a, 3, in the Margins of the Inrollment of each. The Acts of the other Two Sessions are numbered consecutively from nu. 4. to the End of the Third Session. 'The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but are added to denote the Numbers of the Chapters of each Session in the Printed Collections •, The Acts not so distinguished have never been inserted in such Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll, but it has been thought convenient to repeat the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter.

« Illegible on the Roll.

3 E

198

1° Mari#, St. 1. c. 1.

A.D. 1553.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte repealing certayne Treasons Felonies and Premunire.

The State of a King more aisured by the Love of hit Subjects than in the fear of rigorous Laws;

Unusual Punishments under former Laws;

No Act or Offence shall be Treason, Petty Treason,

nr Misprision of Treason, but such as be so declared by Stat. 2$ E.I1I. st. 5. c.2.

II.

Exception of Persons imprisoned, Arc. for Treason before a certain Day.

III.

All Offences made Felony, or within the Case of Premunire, since beginning of K. Henry VIII s Reign, repealed.

FORASMUCHE as the State of every King Ruler and Govemour of any Realme Domynyon or Comynaltie standith and consistethe more assured by the love and favor of the Subjecte towarde their Sovereine Ruler and Governour, then in the dreade and feare of Lawes made withe rygorous paynes and extreame punishement for not obeyeng of their Sovereine Ruler and Govemour; And Lawes also justly made for the preservac&n of the Cdmune Weale, without extreame punishment or greate penaltie, arre more often for the most parte obeied and kepte, then Lawes and Statutes made with greate and extreame punishementes, and in especiall suche Lawes and Statutes so made, wherby not onelye the ignoraunte and rude unlearned people, but also learned and expert people myndyng honestye, are often and many tymes trapped and snared, yea many times for woordes onelye without other facte or dede doone or perpetrated: The Quenes most Excellent Majestye calling to remembraunce that many, aswell honorable and noble persones as other of good reputacbn within this her Graces Realme of England, have of late, for Woordes onelye without other [opinion1 ] facte or dede, suffredd shamefull Deathe not accustomed to Nobles j Her Highnes therfore of her accustomed elemeneye and mercyc, myndinge to avoyde and put awaye thoccasion and cause of lyke chaunces hereafter to ensue, trusting her loving Subjectes will for her elemeneye to them shewed, love serve and obeye her Grace the more hartely and faithefully then for dread or feare of paynes of bodye, ys contented and pleased that the severetye of suche lyke extreame daungerous and paynfull Lawes shalbe abolished adnulled and made frustrate and voide: Be it therfore ordeined and enacted by the Quene our Sovereine Ladye with the assent of the Lordes Spiritaal 1 and Temporall and of the Comons in this pnte Parliamente assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That from hensforthe none Acte Dede or Offence, being by Acte of Plyament or Statute made Treasone petite Treasone or Misprision of Treason, by woordes writing ciphering dedes or otherwise whatsoever, shalbee taken hadd demed or adjudged to be Highe Treason petite Treason or Misprision of Treason, but onely suche as bee declared and expressed to bee Treason petite Treason or Mysprision of Treason in or by thacte of Plyament or Statute made in the fyve and twentye yere of the Reigne of the most noble King of famous memorye King Edwarde (1 ) Thirde, touching or concerning Treason or the declarac&ns of Treasons, and none other; Nor that any peines of Deathe Penaltye or Forfeyture in eny wise ensue or bee to any Offendour or Offendoures for the doing or comitting any Treason petite Treason or misprision of Treasone, other then suche as be in the said Estatute, made in the said XXVth yere of the Reigne of the sayd King Edwarde the Third, ordeyned and provided; Any Acte or Actes of Plyament Statute or Statutes hadd or made at any tyme heretofore, or after the said XXVth yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King Edwarde the Thirde, or any other declarac&n or matter to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be yt ordeined and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte of Plament, or any thing therin mentioned, shall not in any wise extende to give any maner of benefite advauntage or comoditie to any persone or persones being, the last daye of September last, past arrested or imprisoned for Treason petite Treasone or Misprision of Treason, or to any persone or persones heretofore being indicted of Treason petite Treason or Misprision of Treason, or being outlawed or attainted of Treason petite Treason or Misprision of Treason, before the said last daye of September last past, or being comaunded to kepe his or their howse or houses or other mens howses, or otherwise excepted out of the Quenes Highnes most gracyous Pardon geven the daye of her Coronacon; But that they and every of them for any thoffences before mentioned, perpetrated comitted or doon by them or any of them before the sayd last daye of September, shall suffer suche paynes of Deathe Losses and Forfeitures of Landes and Gooddes, as in cases of Treason, as thoughe this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And Be yt further ordeined and enacted by thauctoritee aforesayd, That all Offences made Felonye, or lymited or appointed to be within the cace of Premunire, by any Acte or Actes of Pleament, Statute or Statutes made sithens the first daye of the first yere of the Reigne of the late King of famous memorye King Henrye theight, not being Felony before, nor within the cace of Premunire, and also all and every Braunche Article and Clause mentioned or in any wise declared in any of the same Estatutes concerning the making of any Offence or Offences to be Felonye, or within the cace of Premunire, not being Felonye nor within the cace of Premunire before, and all peines and forfeitures concerning the same or any of them, shall from hensforthe bee repealed and utterlye voide and of none effect.

1 opyfi 0.

* the O.

( 199 )

Anno 1° MARIjE; Sess. 2*. A.D. 1553.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWENTY-FOURTH Day OF OCTOBER,

In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. MARY.

€x ©otulo parliament! De anno regnt IRegtne fl^arte, prtmo. (')

In PARLIAMENTO p prorogationem tento apud Westiii xxiiij die Octobris anno Regni Excellendssime ac Serenissime Dne nre Marie Dei Graria Anglie Frantie et Hibernie Regine Fidei Defensoris ac in terris Eccte Anglicane et Hibernice Supremi Capitis Primo, et Ibid.m continuato usq^ in vj diem Decembris anno dicto, quo die dissolutum erat; In secunda Vz. Sessione ejusdem Parliamenti, Comuni olm Procerum ac Populi consensu, ac Regie Majestatis turn presentis assensu, Sancita inactata ordinata ac stabilita fuerunt xxxi. Statuta subsequentia Vz.

I. — 4. An Acte declaring the Quenes Highnes to have bene borne in a most just and lawfull Matrimonie, and also repealing all Actes of Pliament and sentences of Divorce hadd and made to the contrarie.

D. — 5. An Acte for the Repeale of certayne Statutes made in the time of the Raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Syxthe.

III. — 6. An Acte against Offenders of Preachers and other Ministers in the Churche.

IV. — 7. An Acte touching Writinges made from the syxthe daye of Julye last paste, and before the first daye

of August then next ensuenge.

V. — 8. An Acte for the Lymytacyon of Prescription in certayne cases.

VI. — 9. An Acte against counterfaiting of straunge Coignes being currant within this Realme, or of the Quenes Highnes Signe Manuell Sygnet or Privie Seale.

VII.—10. An Acte touching Proclamations upon Fines.

VIII.—11. An Acte that Shiriffes shall not be Justices of Peace during that Office.

IX. —12. An Acte touching ^incorporations of the Phisitions in London.

X. —13. An Acte for the uniting dissolving or newe erecting of Courtes.

XI. —14. An Acte for the Sale of Hattes and Cappes made beyonde the Sea.

XII. —15. An Acte against unlawfull and Rebellyous Assembles.

XIII. —16. An Acte for the continuance of certayne Statutes.

XIV. —17. An Acte for the continuance of a Statute made for the reparation of Goales.

XV. — 18. An Acte for the Reedifieng of the Parishe Churche of Saynte Elens in Stanegate within the Citie of Yorcke.

XVL—19. An Acte for the confirmation of Thattaynder of John late Duke of Northumberlande.

XVIL—20. An Acte for the Release of the last Subsidie of the Temporaltie.

XVIII.—21. An Acte of a Subsidie of Tonnage and Pondage of dyvers Marchaundises.

1 See Note at the Beginning of the First Session of this Year, pa. 197.

d Go glc

200

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 1553.

22. An Acte for the Restitution in Bloudd of S' Thomas Howarde Knight otherwise called Thomas Howarde

Earle of Surreye.

23. An Acte for the Restituf&n in Bloudd of S' Edwarde Seymour Knight eldest Sonne of the late Duke

of Somerset borne of the Ladie Anne his last Wyef.

24. An Acte for thincorporac&n of Merton Colledge in Oxforde.

25. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloudd of theires of Henry Poole late L. Montague.

26. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloudd of S' Marmaduke Cunstable Knight.

27. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloudd of Thomas Stahope Esquire.

28. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloodd of Mathewe Arondell Esquire.

29. An Acte for keping the Countie days in Cardygan Shiere.

30. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloodd theires of S' Myles Partriche Knight.

31. An Acte to make free Denizens the Wives and Children of Richard Batson Thomas Browne and

John Bradley borne beyonde the Seas.

32. An Acte for the repay ring of Shierbourne Cawseye.

33. An Acte repealing a Statute made in the Fiithe yere of King Edwarde the Syxte touching thapproving

the Marriage betwen the Marques of Northampton and Ladye Elizabethe his Wief, and for the

legittimac&n of their Children.

34. An Acte declaring the supposed Attaindour of Thomas Duke of Norff to be voyde.

Excellence and ultimate Prevalence of Truth;

Marriage between K. Henry VIII. and his first Queen Katherine, Mother of Queen Mary

Alleged malicious Motives of disputing that Marriage;

Opinions of Foreign and English Universities thereon,

unduly obtained;

Sentence of Divorce by Cranmer Archbishop of Canterbury

CHAPTER I.

An Acte declaring the Quenes Hyghnes to have bene borne in a most just and lawfull Matrimonie, and also repealing all Actes of Pliament and Sentences of Divorce hadd and made to the contrarie.

FORASMUCHE as Truthe, being of her own Nature of a most excellent vertue efficacie force and worcking, can not but by processe of tyme break out and shewe her self, howesoever for awhile she maye by thiniquitie and frailetie of Man be suppressed and kepte close; And being revealed and manifested, ought to be embraced acknowledged confessed and professed in all cases and matters whatsoever and whomsoever they touche or conceme without respecte of persons, But in suche cases and matters speciallye, as wherby the glorye and honour of God in Heven (who ys thaucthour of truthe and truthe it self) is to be speciallye setfurthe, and wherby also the Honour Dignitie Suertie and preservation of the Prince and Ruler (under God) in Earthe dependethe, and the welfare profitt and specyall benefiteof the Universall People and Bodye of a Realme is to be continued and maynteyned: We Youre Highnes most loving faithfull and obedient Subjectes understanding the verye truthe of the State of Matriinonye betwen the Twoo most Excellent Princes of most worthye memorye King Henrye the Eight and Quene Katheryne, his loving godlye and lawful Wief, your Highnes lawfull Father and Mother, can not but thinck Our selfe most bownden bothe by our Dutie of Allegeance to yor Majestie and of Conscience towarde God, to shewe unto yo' Highnes, first howe that the same Matrimonie being contracted solempnised and consumated by thagreament and assent of bothe their moste noble Parentes, by the councell and advice of the most wise and g'avest men of bothe their Realmes, by the deliberate and mature considerac&n and consent of the beste and most notable Men in learning in those days of Christendome, dyd even so continewe by the space of twentye yeres and more betwen them, to the pleasure of Almightye God the Satisfaction of the Worlde the Joye and Comforte of all the Subjectes of this Realme, and to their owne Repose and goodd Contentement, God gyving for a sewer token and testimonie of his goodd acceptac&n of the same not onelye godlye fruite (yor Highnes moste noble Person) whom wee beseche Thalmightye and ever lyving God long to prosper and preserve here amongest Us, and other yssue also, whom it hathe pleased God to take out of this transitorie lief unto his Etemall Glorie, but also sending us a happie florishing and most prosperous Comon Wealthe in all thinges; And then afterwardes howe that the malicious and perverse affections of somrne a verye fewe persones, envyeng the greate Felicitee wherin, by the goodnes of God, yo' said most noble Father and Mother and all their goodd Subjectes lyved and continued in manye yeres, dyd for their own singuler Glorye and vayn Reputac&n, conceyve sundrye subtile and disloyall practises for the interruption and breache of the sayd most lawfull and godly Concorde, and travelling to putt the same in Ure, devised first to insinuate a Scruple into the King yo' Fathers Conscience of an unlawfull Marriage betwen him and his most lawfull Wyef the Quene yo’ Highnes Mother, pretending for the grownde therof that the same was against the woorde of God; And theruppon ceased not to persuade continually unto the said King yo' Father, that he coulde not without daunger of the losse of his Soule, continue withe his sayd most lawfull Wyef but must bee seperated and dyvorsed from her; And to this Entent cawsed the Seales as well of certayne Universitees in Italie and France to be gotte as it were for a testimonie, by the corruption withe moneye of a fewe light persons, Scolers of the same Universities, As also the Seales of the Universitees of this Realme to be obteyned by greate travaile synister worckingf secrett threatningf and entreatinges of some Men of aucthoritee speciallye sent thither at that time for the same purposes; And howe that finallye Thomas Cranmer then newlie made Archebishoppe of Cantorburie, most ungodly and against all Lawes Equitie and Conscience prosecuting the said wicked devise of Devorse and Seperation of the said King yo' Father and Quene yo' Mother, called before him Ex Officio the hearing of the sayd matter of Marriage, and taking his foundac&n partely upon his owne unadvised Judgment

A.D. 1553.

1° Mari*:, St. 2. c. 1

201

of the Scripture, joining therwithe the pretended Testimonies of the sayd Universitees, and partelye uppon bare and most untrue conjectures, gathered and admitted by him upon matters of no strengthe or effecte, but onelye by supposall and withoute admitting or hearing any thing that coulde be said by the Quene yor Mother or by any other on her behalf.

In thabsence of the said late Queene yo' Mother, proceded pronounced decerned declared and gave sentence the same

most lawful] and undoubted Matrimonye to be nought, and to bee contracted against Goddes Lawe and of no value, but

lacking the strengthe of the Lawe; And the sayd most noble King yo' Father and the said noble Quene y' Mother

so married together, dyd separate and devorce, and the same y' most noble Father King Henry theight and the said noble

Quene yo' Mother, from the bandes of the same most laufull Matrimonie did pronounce and declare by the same his

unlawfull sentence to bee free dischardged and sett at Iybertie: Whiche Sentence and Jugement so gyven by unlawfull Confirmation of

and corrupt meanes and waies by the said Archebishoppe of Cantorburie, was afterwardes uppon certayne affecf&ns niegitimitionof

ratefied and confirmed by two severall Actes, thone made in the xxv* yere of the raigne of the said King yo' Highnes

Father and entituled, An Acte declaring thestablishement of the Succession of the Kings most roiall Majestie of the Imperiall »$ H. VIII. c. 11.

Crowne of this Realme; Thother Acte of Pliament made in the xxviiju‘ yere of the raigne of the said King yo' Highnes 48 H VIII‘ e- 7‘

Father entituled, An Acte for thestablishment of the Succession of the Imperiall Crowne of the Realme: In the which

sayd twoo Actes was conteyned thillegittimac&ns of yo' most noble Parson, whiche yo' said most noble Parson being

borne in so solempne a Maryage so openly approved in the worlde, and withe so good a faithe bothe first contracted,

and also by so many yeares continued betwen yo' most noble Parentes, and the same Mariage in very dede not being

prohibited by the Law of God, coulde not by any Reason or Equitie in this cace be so spotted: And nowe We your Highnes Deduction of

said most loving faithfull and obedient Subjectes, of a godly harte and true meaning frely and frankly without feare

fancye or any other corrupte motion or sensuall affecc&n, considering that this foresayd Mariage hadd his beginning of

God and by him was continued, and therfore was ever and is to be taken for a most true just lawfull and to all respectes

a sincere and parfitte Mariage, nor coulde ne ought by any Mans power aucthoritie or jurisdice&n be dissolved broken

or separated (for whom God joynethe no man can ne ought to put asunder) and considering also howe during the

same marriage in godly Concorde, the Realme in all degrees florished, to the glorye of God thonour of the Prince and

the greate reputafbn of the Subjectes of the same, And on thother syde understanding manifestelye that the grounde of

the sayd devise and practise for the Divorce, proceded first of malice and vaine glorye, and afterwardes was prosecuted and

followed of fonde affecf&n and sensual fantasie, and finallye executed and put in effecte by corruption ignorance and flatterie:

And feeling to our greate sorrowe domage and regret howe shamefull ignominies rebukes slaunders contemptes, yea, Public Evil*

what death pestilence warres disobediences rebellions insurrections and divers other greate and grevous plagues, ,nce ,he UlTOrcc ’

God of his Justice hathe sent upon us, ever sithens this sayd ungodlye purpose was first begonne and practised, But also

seing evidently before our Eies that unles so greate an injustice as this hathe byn and yet condnuethe be redubbed,

and that the sayd false and wrongfull Processe Jugement and Sentence with their dependences be repealed and revoked,

nothing is lesse to be doubted then that greater plagues and strokes ar lyke tencreace and continue dayly more and more

within this Realme; Doo Beseche yo' most Excellent Majestie, aswell in respecte of yo' owne Honour Dignitie and just

Title, as for truthes sake, wherwithe (We doubte not) but yo' Highnes also wilbe specially moved in conscience. And also

for the entier love favor and affeccion whiche yo* Ma1" bearethe to the Comonwealthe of this yo' Realme, and for the

good Peace Unitie and Rest of Us yo' most bounden Subjectes and our Posteritie, That it maye bee Enacted by yo' Highnes

withe the consent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporal!, and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled. And Be it

enacted by thaucthoritie of this pnte Pliament, That all and every Decree Sentence and Jugement of Divorse and separac&n Tb^Senteoee

betwen the sayd King yo' Father, and the sayd late Quene yo' Mother, and all the processe cdmensed followed made declared mid.

gyven or promulged by the sayd Thomas Cranmer then Archebisshoppe of Cantorburye, or by any other person or

persones whatsoever, wherby the same most just pure and lawfull mariage betwen the said late King your Father and

the said late Quene yo' Mother was or is pronounced or in any wise declared to be unlaufiill or unjust, or against the

Lawe of God, Bee and shalbee from the beginning, and fromhensforthe of no force validitie or effecte, but be

utterly nought voide frustrate and adnichillate, to all internes construcc&ns and purposes, as if the same hadd never

been geven or pronounced.

And Be it allso enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That aswell the sayd Acte of Pliament, entituled, An Acte The Statute declaring thestablishement of the Succession of the Kinges most Roiall Majestie of Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme, Jj*

made in the xxv"1 yere of the raigne of the King yo' Father, bee repealed, and bee voide and of none effecte. As also ,8 H. VIII. c. 7. all and every suche Clauses articles braunches and matters conteined and expressed in the foresayd Acte of Pliament made in the said xxviij yere of the reigne of the seyd late King yo' Father, or in any other Acte or Actes of Pliament, As declared »oM. whereby yo' Highnes is named or declared to bee Illegitimate, or the said Marriage betwen the said King yo' Father and the said Quene yo' Mother is declared to bee against the woorde of God or by any meanes unlawfull, shalbe and bee repealed, and bee void and of no force nor effecte, to all internes construcc&ns and purposes as if the same Sentence or Actes of Pliament hadd never bee hadd ne made: And that the said Mariage, hadd and solempnised betwe yo' said Th* M«m»ge most noble Father King Henrie and yo' sayd most noble Mother Quene Katherin, shall bee diffinidvelye clerelye and confirmed, absolutelie declared demed and adjuged to bee and stande withe Goddes Lawe and his most Holy woorde, and to bee accepted reputed and taken of good effecte and validitee to all internes and purposes.

202

1° MarivE, St. 2. c. 2.

A.D. 1553.

BE

Innovations in Religious Service, &c. by divers Statutes;

Repeal of the several Acts, viz. I Edw. VI. c. I. Sacrament of the Altar;

I Edw. VI. c. a. Election of Bishops;

2, 3 Edw. VI. c. I. Uniformity j

3, 3 Edw.VI. c.31. Priests’ Marriages;

j, 4 Edw.VI. c. to Mass and Images;

3, 4 Edw.VI. c.12. Ministers;

5, 6 Edw.VI. c.i. Uniformity;

.3, <5 Edw.VI. c. 3* Holidays; c, 6 Edw.VI. c.12. Priests' Marriages.

n.

Divine Service, &c. shall be performed as used in the last Year of K.H.VIII.

III.

Divine Service under recited Acts may be performed for a certain Time.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the Repeale of certayne Statutes made in the time of the Raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Syxthe.

FORASMUCHE as by dyvers and severall Actes hereafter mentioned, aswell the Dyvine service and goodde administracbn of the Sacramentes, as dyvers other matters of Religion whiche We and our Forefathers founde in this Churche of Englande to us lefte by thaucthoritee of the Catholyke Churche, bee partely altered and in some parte taken from Us, and in place therof newe thinges imagined and set for the by the sayd Actes, suche as a fewe of singularitie have of themselves devised, wherof hathe ensewed amongest Us in verie shorte time numbers of divers and straung Opinions and diversitees of Sectes, and therby growen greate unquietnes and muche discorde, to the greate disturbance of the C.omon wealthe of this Realme, and in very shorte time lyke to growe to extreame perill and utter confusion of the same, onles some Remedye bee in that behalf provided, whiche thing all true loving [Subjectes'] and obedient Subjectes ought and are bounden to foresee and provide to thutttermost of their power: In Consideration wherof Be it enacted and establishedd by the Quenes Highnes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the C.omons in this same pnt Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That an Acte made in the Pliament begonne at Westminster the fourthe daye of November in the first yere of the raigne of the late King Edwarde the Syxthe, and from thens continued to the xxiiij day of December then next ensuing, that is to saye, in the first Session of the same Pliament, intituled, An Acte against suche parsons as shoulde unreverentlye speake against the Sacrament of the Bodye and Bloude of Christ, comonlye called the Sacrament of the Alter, and for the receyving therof in bothe kindes; And also One other Acte in the same Session, whiche is intituled, An Acte for thelecc&n of Bishoppes, and what seales and stiles they and other spuall parsons exercising jurisdiccon Ecclesiastical 1 shoulde use; And also one other Acte made in one other Session of the said Pliament holden upon prorogation at Westminster the fourthe daye of November in the seconde yere of the raigne of the said late Kinge Edwarde the Sixthe and ther continued and kepte to the xiiij daye of Marche in the thirde yere of the said late Kings reigne, intituled, An Acte for the Uniformitie of Service and administration of the Sacramentes throughout the Realme; And also one other Acte made in the Session last before [named 1 ] whiche is intituled, An Acte to take awaye all positive Lawes made against the mariage of Priestes; And also one other Acte made in one other Session of the said Pliament holden upon prorogacbn at Westminster the fourthe daye of November in the thirde yere of the raigne of the sayd late King Edwarde the Sixte and ther continued and kepte to the first daye of Februarie in the fourthe yere of his raigne, intituled, An Acte for thabolishing and putting awaye of divers Bookes and Images; And also one other Acte made in the same Session last before mentioned, intituled, An Acte made for thordering of the Ecclesiasticall Ministers; And also one other Acte made in one other Session of the said Pliament holden upon prorogation at Westminster the xxiij day of Januarie in the fifthe yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King Edwarde the Syxte, and ther continued and kepte till the xvlh daye of Aprill in the syxte yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King, intituled, An Acte for the Uniformitie of Comon Prayour and thadministracon of the Sacramentes ; And one other Acte made in the same last Session, intituled, An Acte for the keping of Holye dayes and Fasting daies; And one other Acte made in the Session last recited, intituled, An Acte made for the Declaration of a Statute made for the Mariage of Preistes and for the legittimacbn of their children; And everye Clause Sentence Braunche Article and Articles mentioned expressed or conteined in the said Estatutes and in everye of them, shalbee from hensforthe utterly repelled voide adnichillate and of none effecte, to all purposes construccftns and internes; Any thing or thinges conteined or specifiedd in the sayd Estatutes or any of them to the contrarie in any wise notwithestanding.

And Be it furthere enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that all suche Divine Service and Administration of Sacramentes, as were most comonly used in the Realme of Englande, in the last yere of the reigne of our late Sovereine Lorde King Henrie theight, shall bee from and after the xx"1 daye of December, in this pnte yere of our Lorde God One thowsande five hundrethe fiftie and three, used and frequented throughe the hole Realme of Englande, and all other the Quenes Majesties Dominions; And that no other kinde nor order of Divine Service nor Administratyon of Sacrates be after the said XXth daye of December used or ministredd, in any other maner fourme or degree within the said Realme of Englande or other the Quenes Dominions, then was most comonly used ministred and frequented in the said last yere of the Raigne of the said late King Henrye the Eight.

And Be it further enacted by the aucthoritee aforesaid, That no person shall be empeached or molested in body or gooddes, for using, heretofore or untill the said xx* day of December, the Divine Service mentioned in the said Actes or any of them, nor for the using of the olde Dyvine Service and Administration of Sacramentes, in suche manner and fourme as was used in the Churche of Englande before the making of any of the said Actes.

1 0. omits.

• mencyoned 0.

ADA55S.

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 3.

203

CHAPTER III.

An Acte against Offenders of Preachers and other Ministers in the Churche.

FORASMUCHE as it is most necessary in every Christian Comonwelthe, to provide that Tranquilite and Peace maye bee preserved and continued amonges the People, and specially in Holye Churche in the tyme of Divine Service and Administration of Sacramentes and Sacramentalles, as before this time it hathe been accustomed in Holy Churche within this Realme, and that all things being contrarye theronto, or that are or maye bee in disturbance therof, maye by foresight be eschewed and avoided, and Remedie therfore in due tyme provided, aswell for the preservac&n of the Quenes Highnes peace, as for an universall Quietnes and Order to be used within this Realme: Be it therfore enacted by the Quene our Soveraigne Ladye the Lordf Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by the aucthoritee of the same. That yf any pson or psons of their own power and aucthorite, at any time or times after the xx'h daye of December nexte coming, doo or shall willinglye and of purpose by open and overt woorde facte acte or dede, maliciouslye or contemptuouslye molest let disturbe vexe or troble, or by any other unlawfull waies or meanes disquiet or misuse, any Preachour or Preachours that nowe ys or that at any rime or times hereafter shall be lycensed allowed or aucthorised to preache, by the Quenes Highnes, or by any Archebishoppe or Bishoppe of this Realme, or by any other lawfull Ordinarie, or by any of the Universities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or otherwise lawfully aucthorised or chardged by reason of his or their Cure Benefice or other spuall Promotion or Charge, in any of his or their open Sermon Preaching or Collation that he or they shall make declare preache or pronounce in any Churche Chapell Churchyarde or in any other place or places used frequented or appointed, or that hereafter shalbee used or appointed to be preached in ; Or if anie person or persons after the sayd xx,h day of December next coming, shall maliciouslye willinglie or of purpose molest lett disturbe vexe disquiete or otherwise troble any Person Vicar Parishe Preist or Curate, or any lawfull Preist, preparing saieng doing singing ministring or celebrating the Masse or other such Divine Service Sacramentes or Sacramentalles as was most comonly frequented and used in the last yere of the Raigne of the late Sovereine Lorde King Henrye theigKt, or that at anye rime hereafter shalbe allowedd sett for the or aucthorised by the Quenes Majestie ; Or if anye person or persones, at any rime or times after the said xx" daye of December, shall contemptuouslye unlawfullye or maliciouslie of their owne power or aucthoritie, pull downe deface spoile abuse breake or otherwise unreverentlye handle or order the most Blessed Comfortable and Holy Sacrament of the Body and Bloude of our Saviour Jesus Christ, comonly called the Sacrament of the Aulter, being or that shall bee in anye Churche or Chappell or in any other decent place, or the Pixe or Canapie wherin the same Sacrament is or shalbee; Or unlawfully contemptuously or maliciouslye of their own power and aucthoritie pull down deface spoile or otherwise breake any Aulter or Aulters or any Crucifixe or Crosse that nowe or hereafter shalbee in any Churche Chappell or Churchyarde} That then every suche Offendour and Offenders in any the Premisses, his or their aydour procurour or abettour, aidours procurours or abettours, immediatelye and forthwithe after any of the said Acte or Actes or other the said misdemeanours so comitted doone or made or (1 ) any time or times after, shalbe apprehended arrested and taken by anye Constable or Constables Churchwardein or Churchwardeines of the sayd Parishe Towne or Place where the said Offence or Offences shalbe so comitted made or doone, or by any other Officer or Officers, or by any other person or persons then being present at the time of the said Offence or Offences so unlaufully comitted made or doone; Whiche person or persons so apprehended taken or arrestedd, withe convenient spede shall bee brought and caried to any Justice of Peace within the sayd Shire, or within any Citie Borowe Libertie or Towne Corporate wherin Justices of Peace bee, wher the said Offence or Offences shall bee so comitted done and made; and that the sayd Justice of Peace, upon due accusation therupon hadd and made, by the apprehendour or apprehendours or other person or persons, of any of the said person or persons so offending, forthwithe shall comitt the said person or persons so apprehended arrested and taken, to safe keping and custodie, as by the discretion of the said Justice shall be thought most meete and convenient; And that within sixe dayes nexte and immediatelye after the said accusation so hadd and made to the said Justice, the said Justice withe one other Justice of Peace in the said Shire Citie Burghe Libertie or Towne Corporate, shall diligentlye examine the Acte or Actes Offence or Offences aforesaid; And if they the said twoo Jusricesof Peace shall upon their said examination, finde or perceyve the said person or persons so accused, giltie of any of the said Offence or Offences wherof he or thei shall be so accused, and that by twoo sufficient Witnesses, or by his or their owne confession or confessions, that then and immediatlye withe convenient spede, the said twoo Justices shall comit and award the said person or persons so accused as is aforesaid, to the Gayle of or for the said Shire Citie Borowe Libertie or Towne Corporate wher the said Offence or Offences was so comitted made or doon, there to remaine without baile or maineprise by the space of three Monethes then next ensueng, and further to the next Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said Shire Citie Bourghe Libertye or Towne Corporate nexte after the ende of the said three Monethes; At whiche said Quarter Sessions the said pson or persones so comitted to the Gaile as is aforesayd, upon his or their reconsilyacon and repentance in that behalfe, before the sayd Justices of Peace at the said Sessions, shalbe delyvered and dischardged out of Prison and Gayle, uppon sufficient suertie of his good abearing and behavour, to be then and ther taken by the said Justices for one hole yere then next ensuing, as by the discretion or discretions of the sayd Justices then and ther being, or of the more parte of them, shalbe thought mete and convenient; And if the sayd person or persons so in Gaile as ys aforesaid, will not be reconciled and repent at the said Quarter Sessions, that then the said person or persons immediatly in time convenient, shalbe further awarded and comitted to the said Gaile by the said Justices or by the more part of them, there to remayne without baile or maineprise, untill he or thei so comitted and awarded to Gaile as is aforesaid, shalbe reconciled and be penitent for his or their sayd Offence or Offences.

For prewiring Price during Divine Service,

Any Perron*

disturbing licensed Preachers in lheir Sermons,

or disturbing Priests while performing Mass, See.,

or abusing the Host or Sacrament,

or defacing, kc. Crucifixes, kc.

may be arrested by Constables, Churchwardens, kc.

and imprisoned by one Justice, who within Six Days shall, with another Justice, try the Offender and imprison him if guilty for Three Months, and until he repent and give Surety at the Quarter Sessions for good Behaviour, &c.

1 at 0.

204

1° Marine, St. 2. c.3, 4.

A.D. 1553.

ii.

Penalty on re«cuii>g Offender*, Imprisonment and j£$ Fine.

m.

If Offender* escape the Pari*h they shall be fined leviable under Stat Winton,

13 £. I. c. 1.; and St. 3 H.VH. c.a.

IV.

Juatice* of Peace may determine Offence*.

V.

Proviso for Punishment l>y the Spiritual Courts.

VI. None shall be punished twice.

And Be 'it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any person or persons at any tyme or tymes after the said xx,h daye of December, of their owne aucthoritee and power willingly and unlawfully doo reskewe any Offender or Offenders so apprehended taken or arrested as is aforesaid, or will disturbe hinder or lett the said Offender or Offenders so offending as is aforesaid to be apprehended taken or arrested, that then everye one of the said reskewers or disturbours shall suffer like Imprisonement as is aforesaid, and further shall paye forfeite and lose, for a fine for every of his or their said Offences, fyve powndes to the Quenes Majestie her heires and successoures.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any of thoffenders aforesaid be not taken apprehended or arrested immediatelye in time convenient as is aforesayd, but doo eskape or go awaye, that then the said escape shalbe lawfully presented before the Justices of Peace in the sayd Shire Citie Bourghe Libertie or Towne Corporate, at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden where the said escape was made and suffered; and that then thinhabitantes of the Parishe wher the said eskape was so suffredd, shall lose and forfeit to the Quenes Majestie her heires and successoures for every suche escape five powndes ; to be levied and taken as other lyke amerciamentes and fines before this time hathe and bene levied and taken upon any Village Hundrede or Towne for the Escape of any Murderer or other Felon for not making pursute upon Hue and Crye, according to the Estatute of Winchester, and »he Statute made and provided in the thirde yere of the worthye King Henry the Seventhe.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid. That all and singler Justices of Peace, Justices of Assise, Justices of Oyer and Determyner, and all and singuler Maioures Bailiefes and Justices of Peace within any Citie Borowe or Towne Corporate in any partes within this Realme, within the limites of their Comission or Comissions, shall have full power and aucthorite by vertue of this Acte after the said xx,h day of December, tenquire of all and singler thoffences and misdemeanours aforesaid and to heare and determine the same, and to set the Fines and Amertiamentes of the said Offender or Offenders as is aforesaid.

PnoviDED alwaies and Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That this Acte or any thing therin contained shall not in any wise extende to abrogate and take away thaucthoritie jurisdiccbn power and punishmentes of the Ecclesiasticall Lawes now standing and remayning in their force, of or for the punishment of any thoffences and misdemeanours aforesaid, but that thaucthoritee power jurisdice&ns and punishmentes of the said Ecclesiasticall Lawes of and for any of the Offences and Misdemeanours aforesaid, shall stande in full power and strengthe, and to bee used and exercised in all and in everye thinges as thoughe this Acte had never been hadd and made; This present Acte or any thing therin conceyned to the contrarye hereof in any wise notwithestanding.

(') Provided Alwaies and be yt enacted, That whatsoever person offending in the premisses shall for any of the Offences afore recited receive punishement of the Ordinarie, having a testimoniall therof under the said Ordinaries Seale, shall not for the same Offence eftesones be convicted before the Justice; and in lykewise receiving for the said Offences punishement by the Justice, he shall not for the same Offence eftesones receive punishement of thordinarie: Any thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

Accession of Queen Mary on Decease of E. VI. interrupted from 6th July to ist Aug. by Lady Jane Dudley (or Gray).

All Indenture*, fcc. made during that Period, shall be as valid, and shall be pleaded a* if the Queen'* Style and Title were used therein.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte touching Writinges made from the syxthe daye of Julye last paste, and before the first daye of August

then nexte ensuenge.

TTY THERE it hathe pleased Almightie God, the syxte daye of Julye last paste, to call out of this transitorie lyes V ▼ unto his Mercie, Our late Sovereine Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte; By and immediatelye after whose deathe the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, with all Dignifies Dominions Honours Preheminences Prerogatives Stiles Authorities and Jurisdice&ns to the same united annexed or belonging, dyd not onelye discende remayne and come unto our most dreade Soverein Ladye the Quenes Majestie, But also the same was then immediatelye and lawfully invested demed and judged in her Highnes most Roiall person, by the due course of Inheritance and by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme; Nevertheles the same her Highnes most lawfull possession was for a time disturbed and disquieted by the Trayterous Rebellion and Usurpac&n of the Lady Jane Dudley, wief unto Guildeford Dudley, Esquire, otherwise called the Ladye Jane Greye, and other her complices, during the time of the whiche sayde Rebellyon and Usurpation, dyvers Estatutes Recognisaunces Indentures Obligac&ns Acquitances Grauntes Patentes Evidences and other Writinges were made and devised betwen and to sundrye of the Subjects of this Realme, Whereupon divers questions suites & doughtes may hereafter arise growe and ensue to many of the Quenes Highnes true loving Subjectes: For the avoiding of all whiche ambiguities and doubtes whiche by reason therof may be stirred or moved; Be It enacted and ordeyned. That all Estatutes Recognisaunces Indentures and other Writinges whatsoever knowleddged or made by or to any Person or Persons Bodies Politique or Corporate being the Quenes Subjectes, since the sixte daye of Julye last paste, and before the firste day of Auguste then next following, under the name of the Reigne of any other person then under the name of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Law to all intentes purposes constructions and meaninges, as if uppon the making thereof the name of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie, withe her Stile appropriate and united unto her Majesties Imperiall Crowne, hadd bene fully and playnlye expressed and conteined in the same Obligac6ns Recognisances Indentures Estatutes and other Writinges; And that the

1 The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1553.

1° Mart^e, St.2. c. 4, 5.

20 5

same Obligac&ns Recognisances Indentures Estatutes and other Writinges shall and maye be sewed administred in barre exhibited averred used and pleaded, in the name title and sole of our Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"% in suche and the same maner and fourme as thoughe the name of the same our Soveraigne Ladye the Quene withe her Graces usuall stile hadd been expressed written and conteined in the same; The lacke of the naming or mentioning of the name of our Soveraigne Ladye the Quene [of'] her Majesties stile, in the date or time of the making of the said Estatutes Recognisaunces Indentures and other writinges, in the said Estatutes Recognisaunces or other writing?, in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided Alwaies that this Acte nor any thinge therin conteined, shall not extende to make goodd any Letters Patentes Comissions giftes grantes leases devises or other writinges made by the said Ladye Jane Dudleye, otherwise called the Lady Jane Greye, sithens the said sixte daye of Julye last past, of any Manoures landes tenementes or hereditamentes offices fees or other writinges whatsoever, now or then being by any waies or meanes percell member or belonging to the said Imperiall Crowne; or to make good any other writinges whatsoever made by the sayd Ladye Jane sithens the sayd sixte daye of Julye; But that they and every of them shall remaine and bee utterly voide and of none eflfecte, Any thing aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the Lymytacyon of Prescription in certayne cases.

WHERE at a Parliament holden at Westminster the xxiiijth daye of Julie in the xxxij yere of the raigne of the late King of famous memorie King Henry the Eight, It was enacted, That no maner of person nor persons shoulde from thensforthe sue have or maintaine any Writt of Right or make any Prescription title or claime of to or for any Manoures landes tenementes rentes annuitees comons pentions porcbns corrodies or other hereditamentes, of the possession of his or their Auncestour or Predecessour, and declare and aledge any further season or possession of his or their Auncestour or Predecessour, but onelye of the season or possession of his Auncestour or Predecessour whiche hathe been or then was or shalbe seased of the said Manours landes tenementes rentes annuityes comons pentions portions corrodies or other hereditamentes withein threskore yeres nexte before the Teste of the same Writt, or nexte before the said prescription title or clayme sewed commensed brought made or hadd after the making of the same Acte: And where also it was further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid amongest other thinges, that no person or persons shoulde after that make any avowrie or cognisaunce for any Rent Suit or Service, and allege any season of any Rent Suit or Service in the same avowrie or cognisaunce, in the possession of his or their Auncestours or Predecessour or Predecessoures or in his own possession or in the possession of any other whose Estate he should after that pretende or claime to have, above fiftie yeres nexte before the making of the said avowrie or cognisaunce: And where by the same Acte it was also further enacted amongest other thinges, that if any person or persones at any time after that didd sue any of the sayd AccSns or Writtes for any manours landes tenementes or other hereditamentes, or make any avowrie cognisaunce prescription title or claime, of or for any rent suite service or other hereditamentes, and coulde not prove that he or they or his or their Auncestoures or Predecessoures were in actuall possession or season, of and in the same manoures landes tenementes rentes suites services annuitees cdmons pencions portions corrodies or other hereditament* at any tyme or tymes within the yeres before lymited and appointed in the same Acte, in maner and fourme as is aforesayd, that if the same season were traversed or denied, by the partie piaintief demaundant or avouante or by the partie tenaunte or defendant, that then and after suche tryall therin hadd, all and every suche person and persons and their heires shoulde from thensforthe be utterly barred for ever of all and everye the sayd Writtes accions avowries cognisance prescription title and clayme after that to be sued hadd or made, of and for the same manours landes tenementes hereditamentes or other the premisses or any part of the same, for the whiche the same Action writt avourie cognisance prescription title or clayme [that*] shoulde at anye tyme be hadd sued or made: Upon whiche said Acte doubte and ambiguitie hathe risen and bene moved whither a Writt of Right of Advouson, a Quare impedit, Jure patronatus or Assise of Daren presentment, maye be mayntayned by any person or persons Bodies Politike or Corporate, wheras the same persone or persons Bodies Politike or Corporate their Auncestour or Predecessour, or he or they by whom he or they do clayme, cannot laye the essples seizon or presentment in him or their selfes, or the ancestour or predecessour of them or any of them, or in him or them by whom he or they doo clayme, within threscore yeres nexte before the Teste of the same Writ of Right of Advouson Quare impedit or Assise of Darren Presentment and Jure patronatus ; And also whether any person or persons Bodies Politike or Corporate, having a Seignorie by reason of any Castells Honours Manours Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes of him or them holden by Knightes service, maye maintaine a Writt of Right of Warde or a Writte of Ravishcment of Warde for any Castells honours manours landes tenementes or hereditamentes holden by Knightes service, or for the bodye of any Warde that he or thei clayme by reason of any suche tenure by Knightes service, wheras he or they have not bene seased of the same services within threscore yeres nexte before the Teste of anye suche Writtes : For the explanation and playne declaration wherof and in avoiding of the said ambiguiteis and doubles, Be it enacted and declared by the Quenes Highnes withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this pnte Piiament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That the said former Acte made in the said xxxij yere of the raigne of the sayd late King Henrye, or anye Article clause sentence or matter therin conteined, shall not extende to any Writt of Right of Advouson Quare impedit or Assise of Darren Presentement nor Jure patronatus, Nor to any Writt of Right of Warde Writte of Ravishement of Warde for the Ravishement of the Bodye or for the

3 So in Original Act; but erroneously ; See St. 3a II. VIII. e. 2. $ 6.

11.

Patents, Gnnts, See. by Lilly Jane declared void.

Recital of Limitation by St.3aH.VUI. c.a. of Writs of Right to Sixty Years ; $ 1.

§ 4. Avowries, .\ c. to Fifty Years;

And Bar of Title thereon accordingly;

Doubts if such Limitations extend to Writs of Right of Advowson, 8.C. and Writs of Right of Ward, See.;

Recited Act declared not to extend to Writs of Right, of Adrowson, See. or of Ward, Sec.

I

206

1° Mari^ St. 2. c.5—7.

A.D. 1553.

Wardeshippe of any Castelles honoures manours landes tenementes or hereditamentes holden by Knightes service, nor to the seiser of the Wardeshippe of the bodye of any Warde or Wardes, or to the seiser or Wardeshippe of any Castells honours manoures landes tenementes or hereditamentes holden by Knightes service, but that all and every person and persons bodyes polityke and Corporate their heires and successors, the heires and successors of every of them, shall and may have mayntayne and pursue all and singler the said Writtes of Right of Advouson Quare impedit Assise of Darren Presentment Jure patronatus Writtes of Right of Warde Ravishement of Warde, and also sease the Wardeship both of the bodye and of the Castelles honoures maners landes tenementes and hereditamentes holden by Knightes service, in like maner and fourme to all internes constructions and purposes as they or any of them shoulde or might have doon made or pursued before the making of the said Acte made in the said xxxij yere, as thoughe the same Acte hadd never bene had or made; Any thing in the said forfi Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

Counterfeiting foreign Coin current in the Realm, or the Queen's Sign Manual, declared High Treason.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte against counterfeiting of straunge Coignes being currant within this Realme, or of the Quenes Highnes Signe Manuell Sygnet or Privie Seale.

FORASMUCHE as by the Lawes of this Realme, small and no due condigne punishement is at this pnte time provided for suche evill disposed persons as shall counterfeite or fordge such kinde of Gold or Silver of other Realmes as is not the proper Coigne of this Realme, and yet permitted and suffered by the Quene our Soveraigne Ladyes consent, and heretofore hathe bene permitted and suffered by the consent of her most noble Progenitours, to be currant in payment within this her Realme, nor for suche persons as shall counterfeite the Quenes Highnes Signe Manuell her Privie Signet or Privie Seale; By Reason wherof divers evell disposed persons ar encouraged and boldened daylye to perpetrate and committ the sayd severall Offences : For Remedie wherof Be it enacted by our said Soveraigne Ladie the Quene the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That if any person or persons hereafter falselye forge and counterfeite any such kinde of Coine of Golde or Sylver as is not the proper Come of this Realme, and is or shalbe current within this Realme by the consent of the Quene her heires or successoures, Or if any person or persons at any tyme hereafter doo falslye forge or counterfeite the Quenes Signe Manuell Privie Signet or Privie Seale, That then every such Offence shall be deemed and judged Highe Treason; and thoffendours therin, their counseylours procurers ayders and abettors, beinge convicte according to the Lawes of this Realme of any of the saide Offences, shalbe lykewise demed and adjudged Traytours agenst the Quene her heires and successoures and the Realme, and shall suffer and have suche paynes of Deathe forfeiture of landes goodes and cattelles, and also lose the privilege of all Sanctuarie, as in cace of Highe Treason it is used and ordeined.

Finn levied in C. P. wherein Proclamation! were not made under St. 4 Hen. VII. c. 34. of Adjournment! of Term!, declared valid.

II.

Not to extend to Finn of Landa in Suit, 4cc.

CHAPTER VB.

An Acte touching Proclamations upon Fines.

"TXTHERAS upon Fines levied withe Proclamations, doubtes have of late risen, by occasion of adjournement of V V Termes in whiche Proclamac&ns shoulde have been made, according to the fourme limitted for Proclamac&ns upon Fines by the Statute made in the fourthe yere of King Henry the Seventhe, and were not by reason of suche adjoumementes hadd ne made, according to the purvey of the same Estatute : Be it therfore enacted, That all Fines, aswell heretofore levied as hereafter to bee levied before the Justices of the Comon Place, of any Manours landes tenementes or other hereditamentes, whereupon the Proclamations hathe not or shall not by reason of adjournement of any Terme by Writte bee dulye made, shalbe of as good force effecte and strengthe to all internes constructions and purposes, as yf any Terme heretofore so adjourned, or that at any time hereafter shall bee so adjourned, hadd been holden and kepte from the begginning to the ende therof not adjourned, and Proclamations therin made according to the fourme and effecte of the sayd Estatute.

Provided alwaies that this Acte shall not in any wise extende to any Fine heretofore levied of any Manours landes tenementes or hereditamentes, now in suite demande or variance in any of the Quenes Courtes, or wherof any Charters Evidences or Munimentes concerning the same bee now in demaunde in the Quenes Highe Court of Chancerye, Nor to any Fine or Fines heretofore levied of any Manours landes tenementes or hereditamentes whiche, before the first daye of this presente Pliament, have beene recovered gotten or obteined by reason of any Judgement Entre Decree Arbitrement or other lawfull meanes, contrary to the purporte entent or effecte of any such Fine or Fines therof heretofore levied.

A.D. 155Z.

1° Mari^:, St. 2. c.8, 9,

207

CHAPTER Vin.

An Acts that Shiriffes shall not be Justices of Peace during that Office.

WHERE in one Acte of Pliament, intituled, An Acte for the continuance of Actions after the deathe of any King, made in the first yere of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe, amongest other things it is ordeined and enacted, that albeit any persone or persons being Justice of Assise Justice of Gaole Delyverye or Justice of Peace within any of the Kings Dominions, or being in any other of the Kings Comissions whatsoever, shall fortune to be made Duke Archebyshoppe Marques Erie Viscounte Baron Bishoppe Knight Justice of thone Benche or of the other, or Sargeaunte at the Lawe or Shreiff, yet that notwithstanding, he and they shoulde remayne Justice and Comissioner, and have full power and aucthorite texecute the same, in like maner and fourme as he or they might or ought to have doone before the same; as in the saide Acte more playnly appearethe: Sythens the making of the whiche Acte divers persons being in the Comission of the Peace in one Countie have beene made Sheriffes of the same Countie, and have exercised either of the sayd Offices whiche semethe not to bee convenient: Wherfore Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That no maner of jeon or psons, having using or exercising the Office of the Sheriffe of any Cowntye or Counties, shall use or exercise the Office of the Justice of the Peace by force of any Comission or otherwise, in any Countie or Counties where he or they shalbe Sheriffe, during the time onely that he or they shall use or exercise the sayd Office [or1] Sheriffwike; Any thing in the said former Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding: And that all and every Acte and Actes to be doon by any suche Sheriff or Sheriffes by aucthorite of any Comission of the Peace during the time abovesaid, shall be voide and of none effecte; The said former Acte notwithstanding.

Recital of Statute t E. VI. c. 7. & 4. aa to Justices, ,\c. made Sheriffs, fco.

No Sheriff ahall act aa Juatice of Peaue during hit Shrievalty.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte touching thincorporations of the Phisitions in London.

WHERE in the Pliament holden at London the xv daye of Aprill in the xiiij yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraygne Lorde King Henrie theight, and from thens adjourned to Westminster the last daye of Julye in the xvlh yere of the Raigne of the same King, and ther holden; It was Enacted, that a certeyne graunte by Letters Patentes of IncorporacSn, made and graunted by our said late King to the Phisitions of London, and all Clauses and Articles conteined in the same Graunte shoulde be approved graunted ratified and confirmed by the same Parliament: For. the Consideration therof be it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That the sayd Statute or Acte of Pliament, withe every Article and Clause therin conteined, shall from hensforthe stande and continue still in full strengthe force and effecte; Any Acte Statute Lawe Custome or any other thing made hadd or used to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better Reformation of divers Enormities happening to the Comonwelthe by the evill using and undue administration of Phisick, and for the enlarging of further Articles for the better execuc&n of the things conteined in the said graunt Enacted; Be it therfore nowe enacted, That whensoever the Presidente of the Colledge or Comonaltie of the Facultie of Physicke of London for the time being, or such as the said President and Colledge shall yerely according to the tenor and meaning of the said Acte aucthorise to searche examine correcte and punishe all Offendours and Transgressours in the said Facultie within the same Citie and Precincte in the said Acte expressed, shall sende or comit any suche Offendour or Offendours, for his or their offences or disobedience contrarye to any Article or Clause conteyned in the said Graunte or Acte, to any Warde Gayle or Pryson within the same Citie and Precincte, (the Towre of London except,) that then from time to tyme the Warden Gaolour or Keper, Wardeines Geylours or Kepers of the Wardes Gayles or Prisons within the Citie or Precincte aforesayd (excepte before excepted) shall receyve into his or their Prisons all and every suche persone and persons so offending, as shalbe so sent or comitted to him or them as is aforesayd, and ther shall safely kepe the person or persons so comitted in any of their Prisons, at the proper costes and chardges of the said person or persons so comitted, without Bayle or Mayneprise, untill suche time as such Offendour or Offendors or disobedientes be dischardged of the said Imprisonement by the said President, and suche persons as by the said Colledge shalbe therunto aucthorised; upon payn that all and every suche Wardeyn Gaylo' or Keper doing the contrary shall lose and forfeite the double of suche Fine and Amerciament, as suche Offender and Offenders or disobedientes shalbe assessed to paye, by suche as the said President and Colledge shall aucthorise as aforesaid. So that the same Fyne and Amerciament bee not at any one tyme above the some of Twentye powndes; The moitie therof to be employed to thuse of our Soveraygne Ladye the Quene her heires and successoures, thother moitie unto the said President and Colledge: All whiche Forfeitures to be recovered by accon of Dett Bill Plainte or Information in any of the Queues her heires and successoures Courtes of Recorde, against any suche Wardeyn Gaylour or Keper so offending; In whiche suite no Essoigne wager of Lawe nor Proteccion shall be allowed ne admitted for the Defendant.

■ of 0.

st. 1*, ij H.viii. c. 5. incorporating Physicians in London, confirmed.

II. Offenders committed by President of the College of Physicians, &c. shall be duly kept by Gaolers, &c.

Penalty, Double the Fine of such Offenders, &c.

208

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1553.

HI. And further Be it enacted by thauCthoritee aforesayd, for the better execution of the searche and viewe of Poticarye

Grocer* *h»ll" Wares Drugges and Compositions, according to the tenour of a Statute made in the xxxij yere of the Reigne of assist in searching the saide late King Henry theight, That it shalbee lawful! for the Wardeins of the Grocers, or one of them, to Drug* under St*t. goo withe (') sayd Physitions in their viewe and searche, that if the sayd Wardein or Wardeins doo refuse or delaye 31 H. VIII. c.40. his or thdr- coming therunto, furthwithe and immediatlye when the said President or foure of his Colledge electe as aforesayd do call upon him or them, that then the said Physitions maye and shall execute that searche and viewe, and the due punishement of the Poticaries for any their evill and fawtie Stuffe, according to the Statute last before mentioned, without thassistance of any of the sayd Wardeines; Any Clause in thaforenamed Statute to Penalty on resisting the contrary hereof notwithstanding: And every suche person or persons as will or shall resist suche searche, shall forfeit for every suche resistance Tenne powndes; the same penaltie to be recovered in fourme aforesaid, without any of the delayes aforesaid to be hadd in suite therof.

And furthere Be it enacted, That all Justices Maiors Shrieffes Bailiefes Constables and other Ministers and Officers within the Cide and Precincte above written, upon Request to them made, shall helpe aide and assist the President of the said Colledge, and all persons by them from time to dme aucthorized, for the due execution of the said Actes or Statutes, upon paine for not giving of suche aide helpe and assistance, to ronne in contempte of the Quenes Majestie her heires and successoures.

IV.

Justices, See. shall assist the President, ice.

Recital of Statute 7 Edw. VI. c. 2. respecting the dissolving and erecting of Courts for the Royal Revenue, during his Life.

His Decease without any such Dissolution or Erection.

The Queen empowered during her Life to dissolve and erect such Courts by Letters Patent.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the uniting dissolving or newe erecting of Courtes.

WHERE in the Session of the Parliament holden & begune at Westminster the firste daye of Marche, in the seventhe yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde of most famouse and worthye memorie King Edwarde the Sixte, and ther continued to the dissolution of the same being the last daye of the said monethe of Marche, amongest other Actes it was enacted by thauctoritye of the said Pliament, That the Kinges Majestie shoulde or might at any time during his naturall lyes, by his Graces Letters Patentes under his Greate Seale of Englande, at his most gratious will and pleasure, alter change unite transpose dissolve or determine all or any of the Courtes comonly called the Courte of thaugmentaeftns of the Revenues of the Kinges Crowne, the Courte of the First Fruites and Tenthes, the Courte of the Kinges Wardes, the Court of the Generali Surveiours of the Kinges Landes, and the Courte of the Duchie of Lancastree; and to reduce the same Courtes or any of them into one twoo or more Courte or Courtes, or to unite and annexe the said Courtes or any twoo or more of them together, or to any other his Majesties Courtes of Recorde, or to erecte any other newe Courte or Courtes, as to his Highnes shoulde have bene thought most convenient and best for the better surer and more spedye aunswering of his yerely Revenues Casualties or Profites aunswerable in the said Courtes or in any of them; And that all and singter such alterations chaunginges unitinges annexinges transposinges dissolvinges or determinacons of the said Courtes or of any of them, so by his Highnes to be altered chaunged united annexed transposed dissolved or determined or otherwise, so to have bene erected by the said King concerning order for the true payment of his Revenues Rents Issues Casualties and Proffites, as shoulde bee set for the and declared in any suche his Letters Patentes or Writinges under his Greate Seale of Englande, by his Highnes to be made set for the and declared, shoulde have bene of suche lyke and of the same force and strength to all internes construcc&ns and purposes, as thoughe the same were or shoulde have bene set for the or declared by thaucthoritee of Pliament; Therection of the said severall Courtes, or any other thing hadd or made before the making of the said Acte to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding: As by the sayd Acte more playnely it dothe and maye appeare: Sithens the making of whiche Acte it hath pleased Almightye God to take unto his Mercye our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe, before any alteration unityng transposyng dissolving or determining of any of the sayd Courtes by his Letters Patentes, according to the tenour of the saide Acte: In consideration wherof, and to thintent that the Quenes Highnes maye at all times herafter during her Highnes lyes, (which Almighty God long preserve,) alter chaunge unite transpose dissolve determine or reduce the same Courtes or any of them into one twoo or more Courtes, at her Highnes free will and pleasure, Be it therfore enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That the Quenes Highnes shall or may at any tyme hereafter during her naturall lyes, by her Graces Ires patentes under her Greate Seale of Englande, at her most gracious will and pleasure, alter chaunge unite transpose dissolve or determine all or any of the said Courte or Courtes, and to reduce the same Courtes or any of them into one two or more Courte or Courtes; or to unite and annexe the said Courtes or any twoo or more of them together, or to any other of her Majesties Courtes of Recorde, or to erecte of the same any other newe Courte or Courtes, as to her Highnes shalbee thought most convenient and best for the better surer and more spedye aunswering of her yerely Revenues Casualties or Profites now aunswerable in the said Courtes or in any of them: And that all and singler suche alterafons chaunginges unitinges transposinges dissolvinges or determinacons of the said Courtes, or any of them, so to be altered chaunged united annexed transposed dissolved or determined, or otherwise newly to be erected as is aforesayd, and concerning all and every order for the true paiment of the Revenues Rentes Yssues Casualties and Profites of our said Soveraygne Ladye the Quene, nowe aunswerable in the said Courtes or in any of them, as shalbe set for the and declared in any such Ires patentes or writings, under her Highnes Greate Seale of Englande hereafter to be made set for the and declared, shall bee of suche lyke and of the same force

1 the 0.

A.D. 1553.

1° Marine, St.2. c. 10.

209

and strengthe to all internes construcc&ns and purposes as thoughe the same were or shoulde have bene set for the or declared by thaucthorite of Pliament; the said several) erecc&ns, or any other thing hertofore tiadd or made to the contrarye hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided Alwaie and be it enacted by thauthorite aforesayd, That any thing coateyned or to be conteined in the

said tres patentes hereafter to be made by the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys, concerning any Paines Penalties Rules

or Orders made or to be made for the levieng of the Quenes Revenues Rentes Issues Casualties or Profites, shall not in any wise extende to chardge any of the Quenes Subjectes, in any other maner or fourme then they or

any of them ought lawfullye to have been chardged by the Lawes of this Realme, before the seconde daye of this

present Session of Parliament.

Provided Also and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That any tres patentes hereafter to be made by the Quenes Highnes, or any thing or matter conteined in this Acte, shall not in any wise extende to gyve any power or aucthoritie to the Chauncellour and Generali Surveiours of the Courte of the Augmentac&ns and Revenues of the Quenes Crowne, or to any other Officer or Officers of the same Courte, or of any other Courte or Courtes hereafter to be erected by the Quenes Majestie as is aforesaid, or to any other Officer or Officers to be appointed in any of the same Courtes hereafter to be erected by the Quenes Highnes as is aforesaid, or to any Officer or Officers of any Courte wherunto any of the foresaid Courtes shalbe by her Highnes united, to here or determyne any Plee matter or cause, but onely where her Highnes ys onely the mere and sole Partie ageinst any of her Subjectes, of for or concerning the spedye aunswering levieng or paiment of her said Majesties Rentes Revenues Issues Casualties Profites and Debtes being within the surveighe of any of the said Courtes. Provided always, That if her Highnes hereafter shall annexe any of the said Courtes unto her Courte of thexchequer. That then all thinges within the surveye of the sayd Courte so annexed shalbe ordredd in lyke maner to all internes as the said Courte of thexchequer ys or ought to bee by the c5mon Lawes and Statutes of this Realme.

Saving to all and every person and persons, Bodyes Polityke and Corporate, and to every of them, suche Offices of Stewardshippes, Offices of Mastershippes of any Game or Games, Kepers of Forestes Chaces Parkes Houses and Castelles and the profittes therunto belonging, and all Rentes Annuitees and Fees, as they or any of them have or ought to have yf this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made.

Provided alwaies and Be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte, nor any thinge therm conteyned, shall in any wise extende or be construed to take awaye extincte or determine from any persone or persons, their heirs successoures or assignes, or from any of them, any Fees Annuitees Pensions Stipendes or annuall Paimentes of any somes of money, whiche they or any of them of right might or ought lawfully to have by any tres patentes or other sufficient writing under the Seale of the said Court of thaugmentac&ns, made before the vij daye of July last past; but that all and every person and persons, their heires successoures executours and assignes and every of them, whiche of right have or ought to have or hereafter shall have any Fee Annuite Stipende Pension or annuell payment of any some or somes of money under the said Seale of the Courte of thaugmentac&ns, or being lawfully allowed and payde into the same Courte, shall and may according to the tenour of the same Grante, perceyve take and receyve the same, and shall yerely therof be payde of the Quenes Treasure her heires and successoures, at the dayes and tymes comprised in such tres patentes or other writinges in any suche Courte or Courtes, wherunto the same Courte wher the same Annuitees or yerely somes of money was payde shalbe so united and annexed, or in suche Courte or Courtes as shalbee by aucthorite of this Acte of Pliament newly erected and made in the place of any of the said Courtes so being dissolved, as long as the same Courte shall remayne and have any being, and after in suche Courte or Courtes as shall please the Quene newly to erecte by thandes of thofficers of the same Courtes, and for defaulte therof in any of the Quenes Courtes wherin sufficient Revenue shalbee to aunswer the same of the Quenes Treasure ther, by thandes of thofficers of the same Courte, in such lyke maner and fourme as the same person and persons their heires executoures and assignes or any of them shoulde or might have doon or been payde in any other Place or Courte yf this Acte hadd never been or made; Any thing in this Acte conteined or any other thing hereafter to be doone by reason collour or aucthoritee of this Acte to the contrary therof notwithstanding.

(1) Provided Alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned, shall in any wise extende or be construed to take awaye extincte or determine, from any person or persons their heires successoures or assignes or from any of them, any Fees Annuitees Pensions Stipendes or annuall Paymentes of any somes of moneye whiche they or any of them lawfully have, or of right might or ought lawfully to have, by any tres patentes or other sufficient writing made before the seventhe daye of Julye last past, but that all and every person and persons, theire heires successours executours and assignes and every of them, whiche have or hereafter shall have any Fee Annuitie Stipende Pension or annuall Payment of any some or s5mes of money payable yerely in any of the said Courtes, or by thandes of any Officer or Officers of any of the same Courtes, shall and may perceyve take and receyve the same, and shall yerely therof be payde of the Quenes Treasure at the dayes and times comprised in suche tres patentes or other writinges, in any of the said Courtes where nowe the same is or ought to bee payable, as long as the said Courte or Courtes shall remayne and have any being, and after in suche Courte or Courtes as shall please the Quene newly to erecte, by thandes of the Officers of the same Courte or Courtes, or for defaulte therof in any of the Quenes Courtes wherin sufficient Revenue shalbe to aunswer the same of the Quenes Treasour ther, by thandes of thofficers of the same Courte or Courtes, in suche lyke maner and fourme as the same person and persones, their heires executours and assignes or any of them shoulde and might have doon and bene payde in any other Place or Courte yf this Acte had never bene hadd or made; Any thing in this Acte conteined, or any other thing hereafter to be doon by reason coloure or aucthoritie of this Acte to the contrarye therof notwithsetanding.

This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

II.

Proiix) for Penalties.

III. Jurisdiction of Officers of such Courts, confined to Revenue Causes.

IV.

Proviso for certain Offices.

V.

Proviso for Annuities, kc. payable from the Court of Augmentations.

VI.

Proviso for Annuities, kc. payable from other Courts.

3 H

Die Go glc

210

1° Marine, St.2. c. 11.

A.D. 1553.

Recital of Sutiite *i H.VIH. c.g. aa to Price* of Hat* and Cap.;

Recited Act confirmed.

II.

Hat*, Sic. imported shall be duly entered

III.

and shall be *old at the Port of Importation.

IV.

Notice by Cuttomer* of Entry of *uchHat*> to Mayor*, 4cc.

V.

Such Hat*. See. shall be *old by the Officer* of the Custom*, See. for the Owner*.

VI.

None ahall buy more than It Hat*.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the sale of Hattes and Cappes made beyonde the Sea.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the xxj* yere of the reigne of our late Sovereine Lorde King Henry theight, Father onto our Soveraygne Ladye the Quene: It was amongest other thinges ordeined established and enacted, That no maner of person or persons whatsoever he or they were, shoulde from the Feast of the Purificac&n of our Ladye then next following after the making of the said Acte, sell or cause to be solde within this Realme of Englande, to any person or persons, any Wollen Hattes or Bonettes or Wollen Hatt or Cappe made or to be made in any place or places out of this Realme of Englande in anie of the parties beyonde the See, over and above the prices limited in the said Acte; that is to saye, that no suche Cappe or Bonett shoulde bee solde above the some of twoo Shillinges sterling, and that no suche Hatt shoulde be solde above the some of tenne pens, and that no suche single crowned Cappe nor single Night Cappe shoulde be solde above the some of syxe pens, upon payne to forfeite for every suche Bonet Cappe or Hatt that at any time after the sayd Feast shoulde bee solde over the price abovesayd, contrarye to the tenour of the said Acte xl s. sterling: as by the said Acte more at large dothe appeare: Since the making of whiche Acte, for lacke and wante of the due execution of the same, great nomber and plentye of the sayd Bonettes Hattes and Cappes have been and yet bee solde within this Realme at greate and unreasonable prices, muche over and above the prices lymited and appointed by the said Acte, Not onely to the greate and manifest deceipte of the Commons of this Realme, but also to the greate impoverishement of the Subjectes of the same ; Wherfore be it enacted and established by the Quenes Highnes, by thassent of the Lordes spuall and temporall and the Comons in this present Filament assembled and by thaucthoride of the same. That the sayd Acte made in the sayd one and twentythe yere, and every thing article clause braunche and proviso therin mentioned, shall stande in full strengthe force and effecte.

And for the better and more perfecte due and just execution of the sayd Acte hereafter to be had according to the true meaning and intent of the Makers therof; Be it nowe further by thaucthoritie aforesaid provided established and enacted, that yf any such Bonettes Cappes or Hattes, fortune hereafter to be brought from any the pties beyond the See, into any place or places within this Realme or any the Quenes Dominions, after the last daye of Maye next comming, that then all such Bonettes Cappes and Hattes shalbee brought by the Owner of them or his Servante, to the Customer or Customers of every Citie Boroughe Towne Place or Porte within this Realme, wher such Hattes or Bonettes shalbe layde on Lande or dischardged, ther to enter into the Customer or Customers bookes the Custome for them, and to pay such Custome for them as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme they or any of them have used, or ought heretofore to doo. Upon payne of forfeiture of all suche Cappes and Hattes as shall so be brought in and not presented to the Customer as is aforesayd, or the value of them.

And Be it further enacted, That no person so bringing into this Realme or other the Quenes Highnes Dominions any suche Hattes or Cappes, shall in any wise remove carie or conveye suche Hattes or Cappes, or any of them, from the place wher they shall so bee layde on lande tyll suche tyme as they shalbee solde in maner and fourme as is hereafter expressed, upon paine of forfeiture for every Hatte or Cappe removed or solde contrary to the meaning of this Acte, Fowrtye shillinges.

And Be it enacted, That the Customer or Customers, his or their Deputie or Deputies of every Citye Boroughe Towne Porte Haven or Creek where such Bonettes Hattes or Cappes shalbe so brought into this Realme or other the Quenes Dominions, shall within twoo Days after the Entrye of the same Cappes or Hattes in the Customers Bookes, give notice and make relation of the said Hattes Bonettes or Cappes to the Mayours Sherieffes Bailiefes C unstables Reves or other the Cheife Officers of the said Cities Boroughes Townes or Portes, and that upon payne of forfeyture of their Offices.

And Be it further enacted, That the said Customer or Customers, or their Deputie or Deputies, together with the Maior or suche other person as the Maior shall assigne or apointe, or withe the Shrieffes Bailiefes Cunstables Reves or other the Cheife Officer or Officers of any suche place, or any of them, where suche Hattes or Cappes shall so be layde on Lande, in the presence of the Owners of them (yf they wilbee present, or in their absence yf they will not) shall sell the said Bonettes Cappes and Hattes and every of them, to suche person or persons as will bye them at such price and prices as is lymited and appointed by the said Acte made in the sayd xxj yere, and not above, and shall paye and delyver the money that the said Bonettes Cappes and Hattes shalbe solde for, to the owners of suche Bonettes Hattes and Cappes in suche convenient time as the Owners will receive the same, upon payne and forfeiture of Twentye powndes for everye tyme that such Customer or Customers Maiors Shrieffes Baylieffes or other head Officers as is aforesayd shall be remisse or negligente to make sale as is aforesayd.

And Be it further enacted by aucthorite aforesayd, That no one person, by any fraude covyn collour or collusion, shall buye or bargayne for any more Hattes or Cappes, being made out of the Realme, at one time or of one man, then one dozen; upon payne for every Cappe or Hatte bought contrary to the mening of this Acte, Fourtye shillingf, thone halfe of all suche forfeitures or somes of money to be to suche as will sue for the same by Byll Playnt or Information in any of the Quenes Courtes of Recordes, wherin ther shall lye no Essoigne wager of law or protection, and thother half therof to bee to the Quene her Highnes her heires or successoures. Provided that the sayde Customer and Customers Maiors Sheriffes Bailiefes Cunstables Reves or other heade and cheife Officers, shall not sell nor otherwise utter above one Dozen of the sayd Bonettes Cappes or Hattes to any one persone or persons.

A.D. 1553.

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 12.

211

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte againste unlawfull and rebellyous Assembles.

FORASMUCHE as it ys most necessarye in a Common Wealthe to provyde that Tranquilitie and Peace may be continued in the Realme, and that all thinges being contrary therunto maye by foresight be eschewed : Therefore it ys Ordeined and Enacted by the Quene our Soveraigne Ladye, withe thassent of the Lordes and Comons of this present Parliament assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, That yf any persons, to the number of twelve or above, being assembled together at any tyme after the twentithe daye of December nexte comming, shall ‘intende goe aboute practise or put in ure with force of armes unlawfully and of their owne aucthorite to alter or chaunge any Lawes made or established for Religion by aucthorite of Pliament, whiche shall stande in force after the sayd xr'" daye of December, or any other Lawes or Statutes of this Realme or any of them, the same nomber of twelve or above, being comaunded or required by the Shiriffe of the Shire, or by any Justice of Peace of the same Shiere, or by the Mayor Shiriffe Justice of Peace or Bayliefes of any Cytie Boroughe or Towne Corporate wher any such Assembles shalbe unlawfullye hadd or made, by Proclamacion in the Quenes Name, to retire and repayre to their owne houses habitac&ns or places from whens they came, and they or any of them notwithstanding suche Proclamac&n shall remayne and make their abode or continue together by the space of one hole houre after such comaundement or request made by Proclamation, or after that shall willingly in forceable and ryotous maner attempte to doo or put in ure any the thinges above specified, that then aswell every suche abode or continuing together, as every suche Acte or Offence that, after suche comaundement or request by Proclamafftn hadd or made, shalbe attempted to be doone practised or put in ure by any persons being of the nomber aforesayd, shalbe judged felonye in all and singler those persons that so shall make their abode or continue together, or shall attempte or comitte any suche Acte, and thoffendours therin to be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer onely execucon of Deathe as in cace of felonye.

And Furthermore it is enacted ordeyned and established by aucthorite aforesayd, That yf any psons to the sayd nomber of twelve or above, after the said twentithe daye of December, shall intende go aboute practise or put in Ure in maner and fourme aforesayd, to overthrowe cutt breake cast downe or dygg uyp the Pales Hedges Dyches or other Inclosure of any Parckes Parke or other Grounde or Groundes inclosed, or the banckes of any Fishe Ponde or Poole, or any Conduites for water Conduit Heades or Conduit Pypes having course of Water, to thintent that the same or any of them from thensforthe should remayne open not enclosed or voide, Or unlawfully to have Comon or Waye in the said Parkes Parke or other Groundes or Grounde inclosed or in any of them, or destroye in maner and fourme aforesayd, the Deere in any maner of Parkes or Parke, or any Warens or Warren of Conies, or any Dovehouses, or any Fishe in any Fishponde or Poole, or to pull or cut downe any Houses Barnes Milles or Bayes, or to bume any stackes of Come or Grayne, or to abate defalke or diminishe the Rentes or yearly value of any Manours Landes or Tenementes, or the price of any Victuall Corne or Grayne or any other thing usuall for the sustenance of men, and being required or comaunded by any Justice of Peace, or by the Shiriffe of the Countie or by the Mayour Baylief or Bailieffes or other Heade Officers of any Cytie or Towne Corporate wher suche Assemble shalbe had, by Proclamation to be made in the Quenes Name, to retire or retume in peaceable maner to their habitac&ns places and howses from whens they came, and they or any of them notwithstanding suche Proclamadon shall remayne or make their abode or continue together by the space of one hole houre after suche comaundement or request made by Proclamation, Or after that shall in forceable maner doo or put in Ure any of the thinges last before mentioned, that then aswell every such abode or continuing together, as every suche Acte that, after suche comaundement or request by Proclamacion hadd or made, shalbe doone practised or put in Ure by any parsones being above the noumber of twelve, shalbee adjudged felonye, and the Offendours therin to bee adjudged felons and shall suffer onelye thexecution of deathe as in cace of felonye.

And Also it ys ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite abovesayd, That if any person or persons after the sayd xx,b day of December, unlawfully and without aucthoritie, by ringing of any Bell or Belles, sounding of anyTrumpett Dromme Home or other instrument whatsoever, or by fiering of any Beacon, or by malitious speaking or uttring of any woordes or making any outcrye, or by setting upp or casdng of any Billes Bill or Writinge whatsoever, or by any other dede or acte, shall rayse or cause to be raysed or assembled any persons to the nomber of twelve or above, to thintent that the same persons should doo cdmitt or put in Ure any of thactes or thinges above mentioned, and that the persons to the number of twelve or above, so raysed and assembled, after request or comaundement hadd or gyven in fourme aforesaid, shall make their abode or continue together as ys aforesaid, or unlawfully and in forceable maner, ppetrate doo comit or put in Ure any of the Actes or things abovesayd; that then all and singler persons by whose speaking dede acte or any other the meanes above specified, any persons to the nomber of twelve or above, shall be raysed or assembledd, for the doing committing or puttyng in Ure anye of the Actes or thinges above mentioned, shall bee adjudged for his so speaking or doyng, a felone, and shall suffer execution of deathe as in cace of felonye.

And also it is Enacted by aucthorite aforesayd. That yf any Wyef or Servaunte of any the same persons, or any other person whatsoever, shall willinglye and without compulsion bringe sende delyver or conveye anye money hameis artillerye weapon meate bredd drinck or other victuall, to anye person or persons so being assembled as ys aforesaid, during suche tyme as he or they shall so be assembled or be together as ys aforesayd, that then every Wyef Servaunte or other person so bringing sending delyvering or conveing any moneye hameis artillerye weapon meate bredd drinck or victuall to the same persons so being assembled together in forceable maner, or to any of them, and not departing to their houses or dwelling places uppon request or commaundement made unto them as is aforesayd, shalbe adjudged a felon and shall suffer execuc&n of Deathe as in cace of Felonye.

For preserving the Peace (

Persons, i a or above in Number, assemb-ling together, and proposing hr force to alter the Lavra, 4tc. and not dispersing within an Hour when required by the Sheriff, &tc. declared guilty of Felony, without Clergy

II.

Aa alao all auch Peraona ao aaaembled, Sec. attempting to throw open Incloaurea, See. or deatroy Deer, Sec. or burn Houaea, Com, See. or abate Renta or Pricea of Victuala

HI.

Aa alao all Peraona aummoning auch Meetinga

ir.

Aa alao Wire* and Serranta voluntarily aiding. Sic. Peraona ao aaaembled.

212

1° Marine, St.2. c.12.

A.D. 1553.

V.

Penalty on Pertont, more than Two and leu than Twelve, assembling for any «uch Purposci, and not dispersing, &c. Imprisonment for one Year.

Treble Damages to Parties injured.

VI.

For suppressing all such Meetings;

Where Ttvo or more an- assembled for any of the said Purposes, any Justice, Sheriff, &c. or other Person authorized by Commission may by force of Arms, \-c. disperse such Meetings, and shall be indemnified in case any Persons are killed, 8tc.

VII. Copyholders refusing to assist in dispersing such Meetings, shall forfeit their Copyholds to the Lord for Life.

And Furthermore it is ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritee abovesayd, That yf any persons above the number of two and under the number of twelve, being assembled together, at any tyme after the sayd xx’h daye of December, shall intende go aboute practise or put in Ure with force of Armes unlawfully and of their owne aucthorite to murther kill or slea any of the Quenes Majesties subject? or to overthrowe cut breake or cast down or dygge up the Pales Hedges Dyches Wall or other Closure of any Parkes Parke or other ground enclosed, or the bancke of any Fishe Ponde or Poole, to thintente that the same or any of them from thensforthe shoulde remayn open or not enclosed or voide, or to have comon or waye in the same Parkes or Parke or other grounde or groundes enclosed or in any of them or to destroye any maner of Parkes or Parke or fisheponde or poole or any warrens or warren of Coneis or any Dovehouses, or to pull or cutt downe any house barne myll, or to burne any stackes of Corne or Grayne, or alter defalke or abate the rentes or yearly valewe of any Manours landes or tenementes of any the Quenes subjectes, or the price of any victuall corne or grayne, or any thing usual) for the sustenance or apparell of Men, and being required or comanded by any Justice of the Peace or the Shiriffe of the Countye, or by any Maiors Bailief or Bailiefes or other head Officer of any Citie or Towne corporate where such assemble shalbee had, by proclamac&n to be made in the Quenes name, to retire or returne to their habitations places or howses, and they so required by suche proclamation shall not so doo, but after that shall in forceable maner in forme aforesaid attempt to doo or put in Ure any of the thinges last above mentioned ; That then every of the same persons, being above the number of twoo and under the number of twelve, shall suffer imprisonement of his or their bodies by the space of one yeere without baile or mainprise : And also that yf any person or persons at any time after the said xx,h day of December, shall bee dampnified or hurted by the doing comitting or putting in Ure of any unlawfull Acte or thing above mentioned, that then all and singler persons so dampnified and hurte, shall recover and have domages with the costes of their suyte susteyned in that behalf trebled, against thoffendours therin.

And Forasmuche as suche evell disposed persones whiche of late tyme made comotions and rebellion in certayne places within this Realme, being but fewe in number, at suche time as they dyd begin the same edmotion, were not in shone tyme after the beginning therof suppressed by strengthe, for that the loving subjectes at that tyme for feare to incurre in daunger of the Lawes of this Realme, durst not take upon them so to doo, a greate number of evill disposed persons did come and joyne themselfes to the said smal number, Wherby the said evill disposed persons tooke upon them suche boldnes that they woulde not be reduced to obedience without much bloudshedding, to the great daunger of the persone of the Prince, where yf the saide subjectes durst have taken upon them to have suppressed at the beginning, suche inconvenience and bloudshed should not have folowed ; Therefore it is also ordeined and enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That yf any persons above the number of twoo, that at any tyme after the said xx,h daye of December shalbee unlawfullye and of their owne aucthoritie assembled together, to thintent withe force and armes to doo practice or put in Ure any of the thinges above mentioned; that then it shall bee lawfull to every Justice of Peace and to every Shiriffe in any Countie being within the Quenes Dominyons, and to every Mayor Bailyf and other Heade Officer of any Citie or Towne corporate for the time he shalbe in office, or any other person or persons having the Quenes Comission or Ires from her Highnes, as well to reise and assemble the Quenes loving subjectes in maner of warre to be arraied in suche greate number as he or they then shall thinck mete or liable, to thintent by violence and strengthe to suppresse apprehende and take the sayd persons that so shalbe unlaufully assembled ; And that yf the sayd persons so unlawfully assembled, after suche comaundement or request by proclamation made, shall continue together and not endevour themselfes to returne towardes their habitaebns houses or places from whens they came, in suche shorte tyme as they may convenientlye, that then it shalbe lefull to every Justice of Peace Shiriff and also everye Maior Bailief and other heade Officer of any Citie or Towne corporate, and to every other person having aucthoritie as is aforesaid, after suche comaundement or request by proclamation made, and to suche persones as shalbe assembled withe any Justice of Peace or Shiriffe, or withe any Maior Baileif and other head Officer of any Citie or Towne corporate, and withe every other person having aucthoritie as is aforesaid, to suppresse apprehende and take those persons so unlawfully assembled, whiche after suche proclamation made shall continue together, and not endevour themselfes to returne towarde their habitations or places from whens they came, and that yf the said persons so unlaufully assembled together, or any of them shall fortune to be killed slayne maymed or hurte in or aboute the suppressing or taking of them, that then every suche Justice of Peace Shirif Maior Bailief and other head Officer, and every other person having aucthoritie as is aforesaid, and all and singler persons by him or them assembled, shalbe free dischardged and unpunishable as well agenst the Quene, as agenst all and everye other person or persons of for or concerning the killing sleing mayming or hurting of any person or persons so unlawfully assembled, that shall fortune to be killed slayne maimed or hurte aboute or by occasion of suppressing or taking of them.

And Furthermore Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That all and every Copie holder or Customarie holder being Toman Artificer Husbandman or Labourer, and being of thage of xviij yeres or more, and under thage of be yeres, not sick impotent lame maymed ne having any other just or reasonable excuse or cause to the contrary, and being required by the Shirif Justice or Justices of Peace, or other having aucthorite by this Acte or by Comission or Letters as is abovesayd in that behalfe they declaring their said auctoritee, or being required by the immedyat Lorde or Lordes of whom suche Coppyeholdes or Customarye holdes then shalbe holden, to serve the Quenes Majestie for anye the causes above rehearsed and refuse so to doo, shall onely during the lyes of suche person or persons so refusing forfeite and lose to his or their Lorde or Lordes of whom suche Coppye or Customarye holdes then shalbe immediatlye holden, and shoulde be holden during the lyes of suche person or persons so refusing, in cace he or they had not so refused, all their Coppieholdes and Customarie holdes: And that it shalbe lawfull to everye suche Lorde or Lordes their heires cr assignes, of whom suche Copieholdes or Customarie holdes shalbe immediatlye holden, and should have bene

A.D. 1553.

1° Mari.«, St. 2. c. 12.

213

h olden in cace that such person or persons had not so refused by vertue of this presente Acte, to enter and take into his or their handes or possession, all suche Coppieholdes and Customarie holdes so holden of them or any of them immediatle and to retaigne the same, during onelye the lyes of every suche Offendour or Offendours, in suche maner and fourme as he or they shoulde have had the rentes or service of suche Coppieholde and Customarie holdes in cace such person or persons so refusing had not refused.

And that all and every Fermour being a Yoman Husbondman Artificer or Labourer, and being of the age of xviij yeres or more, and under thage of lx yeres, not sick impotent lame maymed ne having any other just reasonable excuse or cause to the contrarie, and being required by the Shirif Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other having aucthorite by this Acte or by Comission or Letters as is aforsaid in this behalf they declaring their sayd aucthorite, or being required by their Landelorde or Landelordes for the time being, to whom the rents of suche fermes shalbe then rising coming or growing, to serve the Quenes Majestie for any the causes above rehearsed, and refuse so to doo, shall during onelye the lief of suche Fermour or Fermours so refusing, forfeit and loose to suche Landelorde and Landelordes as should have had the rent of suche Fermours during the lyes and lyves of suche person and persons so refusing, all their said Fermes, and that it shalbe lawfull to every suche Landlorde and Landlordes, their heires and assignes, to whom the rents of suche Fermes should have bene due, during the lyes of suche person or persons so refusing in cace suche person or persons had not so refused, by vertue of this Acte, to enter and take into his or their handes or possession all such Fermes, and to reteine the same, during onely the lyes of every such Offendour or Offendours.

Provided alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That after the deathe expiration or determinacon of the interest or terme of yeres of every suche Coppieholder Customarie holder or Fermour as so shall offende, and forfeite any of the said Coppieholdes Customarie holdes or Fermes as is aforesaid, that then all and every suche person and persons as shoulde or ought to have hadd the said Coppieholdes Customarie holdes or Fermes after or by the deathe expiration or determination of the interest or terme of yeres of suche Coppieholder Customary holder or Fermour, in cace suche Coppieholder Customarie holder or Fermour had not so offended ne forfeited, shall and maye have the same Coppieholdes Customarie holdes and Fermes, by entre action admission or otherwise, in lyke manner fourme and condition, and by suche ways and meanes as they and every of them should might or ought to have hadd yf no suche forfeiture or offence had bene hadd done or comitted.

And also Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if any persone or persons whiche at any tyme after the said xx,h daye of December shalbe spoken unto moved or stirred to make any comotion insurrection or unlawfull assemble for any of thintentes above mentioned, and doo not within xxiiij*7 houres next after he or they shalbe spoken unto moved or stirred, oneles he have a good and reasonable cause of excuse, declare the same to one Justice of the Peace or Shirif of the sayd Countie, or to the Maior Shyriefes Bailif or Bailifes or other head Officers of any Citie or Towne Corporate, where suche speaking motion or stirring shalbe had, shall suffer emprisonement by the space of three monethes without bade or mayneprise, oneles he shalbe dischardged by three Justices of Peace of the same Shiere where thoffence shalbee, wherof one of the said Justices shall be of the Quorum.

And it is ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite abovesaid, That yf any person or persons being above thage of xviij yeres, and under thage of threscore yeres, being able to serve, and not sicke lame or impotent, shalbe required by any Justice of the Peace, or any Shiriffe of any Countie wher any suche Assemble shalbee, or by any Maior Bailif or other head Officer of any Ciue Bourghe or Towne Corporate, or by any other, by the comaundement of any suche Justice of Peace Shirif Maior Bailif or other heade Officer, to goo withe him or them to suppresse the persons unlawfully assembled in maner and fourme aforesayd, that then every person whiche so being liable and required doth willingly and obstinatly refuse so to doo, shall suffer enprisonnement of his body for one yere without baile or maineprise.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite abovesaid. That if the Quenes Highnes shall by her Letters Patentes, make any Lieutenaunte in any Countie or Counties of this Realme, for the suppressing of any comotion rebellyon or unlawfull Assemble, that then aswell all Justices of Peace of every suche Countie, and the Shirif and Shirifes of the same, as all Maiors Bailiefes and other heade Officers and all inhabitauntes and subjectes of any Countie Citie Bourghe or Towne corporate within every suche Countie shall upon the declaration of the said ires patentes and request made, be bounde to gyve attendance upon the same Leiutenante, to suppresse any comotion rebellyon or unlawfull Assemble, oneles he or they being so required have any resonable excuse for his not attendance, upon payne of inprisonement for one hole yere.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the order and forme of the Proclamations that shalbe made by thaucthorite of this Acte shalbe as hereafter followethe, or with the lyke order and woordes in effect, That is to saye; The Justice or other person aucthorised by this Acte to make the said Proclamation shall make or cause to be made an Oyes, and after that shall openly pronounce or cause to be pronounced theis words or lyke in effecte: The Quene our Sovereigne Ladye chardgethe and comaundethe all persons being assembled immediatlie to disperse themselfes and peaceablie to departe to their habitations or to their lawfull busines, uppon payne conteyned in the Acte lately made ageinst Unlaufull and Rebellyous Assembles. And God save the Quene.

Provided alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid. That if any person or persones doo or shall molest let hinder or hurte any person or persons that shall proclayme or goo to proclayme according to the Proclamation and Order made in the Statute aforesayd, wherbye suche Proclamacion shall not be made, that then all and every suche person and persons so molesting letting hindring or hurting, and having knowledge of his message, shall incurre and be

VIII. Fanners refuting to to luut, shall forfeit their Farmi to their Landlord! for Life.

IX.

Proviso for Reversioners, See. in such Copyholdi, he.

X.

Penalty on Pertont incited to such Meeting! concealing the ume, Three Months' Imprisonment.

XI.

Penalty on Peraoni refuting to attend the Sheriff, See. One Year’! Imprisonment.

XII. Power! of Lieutenant! of Counties, if appointed.

XIII. Form of the Proclamation for dispersing Meetings.

XIV.

If Proclamation prevented, like Penalties incurred as if it were made.

214

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 12.

A.D. 1553.

XV. Proclamation of this Act.

XVI. Proviso for Heirs, &c. of Offenders attainted.

XVII.

Saving of Liberties.

XVIII.

Persons inciting to Offences punishable as Concealers.

[&r } X.]

XIX.

Forty Persons or more, assembled for any felonious or rebellious Act, not dispersing in Three Hours, declared Felons.

XX.

Lieutenants of Counties shall not appoint Deputies, See.

XXI.

Accessaries after the Fact, relieved j

No Corruption of Blood;

Saving of Liberties.

XXII.

St. 3,4 E.VI. c. i-repealed.

Continuance of this Act.

in suche daunger and suffer suche paine or paines and forfeitures as the persons assembled, to whom the Proclamation should have bene made, should by this Acte incurre, for not obeieng the Proclamacbn yf yt hadd bene made, or for doing after the Proclamation of any the thinges before in this Acte expressed : And that also all and every suche person and persons being assembled to the number aforesayd to attempte or doo any the thinges aforesaid, to whom Proclamacbn shoulde or ought to have bene made yf the same had not bene let as is aforesaid, shall lykewise in case they doo afterwardes comit put in Ure and doo any the things aforesayd, having any maner wayes knowledge of the lett so made, or by any meanes procuring the same let, incurre and be in lyke daunger and suffer lyke payne or paynes and forfeitures aforesaid in every their degrees as thoughe the Proclamation had bene made: Any Clause Article or Sentence heretofore in this Acte included made to the contrarye notwithestanding.

And Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte or theffecte therof shalbe openlye redde published or declared at every Quarter Sessions and at everye Leete and Lawe daye.

Provided always and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That all and every the heire and heyres of all and every thoffendour or Offendoures in any the cases aforesaid, and all and every person and persons bodies poildke and corporate, their heires successoure and executours and every of them, other then suche person and persons onelye as shalbe attaynted convicted or outlawed of any the foresaid offences of Felonie, shall have holde and enjoye all such right title entree interest leases possessions rents condicbns profittes comodities and advauntages, as they or any of them have or hereafter shall have or of right ought to have in or to any Honours Castels Manours Landes Tenementes Woodes Rents Revercbns Services or Hereditaments whatsoever (') in or to any parte or percell therof, in as lardge and ample maner and fourme to all intentes construccbns and purposes as if suche attayndour had never bene hadd ne made; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye in anye wise notwithstanding.

Saving to all and every person and persons bodies politike and corporate and their successours, their Liberties and Fraunchesies in suche manner and fourme as if this Acte had never bene hadd ne made.

(') And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any person or persons after the said xxUl daye of December, do move stirre or procure any person or persons to comitte or doo any of thoffences in this pnte Acte specified, that then every suche person whiche shall so procure stirre or move any person or persons so toffende, shall suffer suche payne and punishement by enprisonement without baile or mainprice, as is before expressed in this presente Acte against [Conseylers3] of suche Offences.

And that if any persons to the number of fourtye or moo, after the said xx*b daye of December, shall assemble together in forceable maner unlawfully and of their own aucthorite, to thintent to doo exercise or put in Ure any of the thinges above specified, or to doo other felonous or rebellious Acte or Actes, and so shall continue together by the space of three houres after Proclamation shalbe made, at or nigh the place where they so shall be assembled, or in some Market Towne theronto next adjoyning, and after Notice therof to them geven, that then every person so willingly assembled in forceable maner, and so continuing together by the space of three houres after suche Proclamation shall be made and Notice therof geven, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer deathe as in case of felonye.

And Be it further enacted by the said aucthoritie, That no Lieutenant or Lieutenants that shall be appointed or made by aucthoritie or colour of this Acte, or for texecute this Acte, shall in any wise make put or constitute under him or them, or in his or their place, any Deputie or Deputies, nor shall call convent or appoint to appeare before him or them by thonelye aucthoritie of Lieutenauncye or of Comission of Lieutenauncye, any person or persons for any cause or matter whatsoever, save onelye for the causes and matters expressed in this present Acte and for none other.

And that no person or persones shall be put to any losse forfeitur payne or punishement of lyes lande or gooddes as Accessarie to any person or persons that shall edmitt any of the Offences conteined in this pnte Acte for receyaving comforting or ayding of any suche offendour after such Acte comitted or doon; And that no attayndour or conviction of any person or persons for any offence or offences herein conteined, shall be any maner of corruption of bloudd betwene the Offendour and any of his Auncesters, or suche person and persones as should have bene heire to suche Offender, yf no suche attaynder or conviction hadd bene hadd: Saving to all and every person and persons bodye and bodies politike and corporate and their successours their lyberties and franchesies, in such maner and fourme as if this Acte had never bene hadd ne made.

And Be it further enacted by the sayd aucthorite, That one Acte of Pliament made in the Session of the Parliament holden upon prorogation at Westminster, the fourthe daye of November in the thirdde yere of the raigne of King Edwarde the Sixte, and ther continued and kepte to the first daye of Februarie in the fourthe yere of the raigne of the sayd King, intituled by the name of An Acte for the punishement of Unlawfull Assemblyes and rising of the Kinges subjectes, and all and every braunche clause sentence and article therin conteined, shalbe from the twentithe daye of December next coming, utterly voide and of no force to all intentes constructions and purposes, and this Acte onely to be put in execution for and concerning thoffences mentioned in the said former Acte: This Acte to continue unto thende of the next Pliament.

1 or 0. * The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3 Conceillo' 0.

A.D. 1553.

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 13

215

CHAPTER Xm.

An Acte for the continuance of certayne Statutes.

WHERE in the Parliament begune and holden at London the thirde daye of November in the xxj"1 yere of the raigne of our most dradd Sovereygne Lorde of most famous memorie King Henrye theight, and from thence adjorned to Westminster, and ther holden and continued by dyvers prorogations unto the dissolution therof, One Acte was made and established for the .restrainte of cariage and conveyeing of Horses and Mares out of this Realme: And also one other Acte was there made in the said Pliament for the true making of Cables Halsers and Ropes : And also one other Act was ther made for the true winding of Woolles: And one other Act was ther made to restrayne the killing of Waynelynges Bullockes Stiers and Heafers being under thage of twoo yeres: Whiche said severall Actes were then made to endure and continue unto the next Pliament, as by the same severall Actes more playnlye appearethe : And where also in the same Pliament, One other Acte was made and established for Attaintes to bee sued for the punishement of Perjurie upon untrue Verdictes, whiche Actes last before rehearsed were then made and ordeined to continue and endure to the last daye of the next Pliament, as by the same severall Actes more playnely at lardge ys shewed and may appeare: And where also in the Pliament begune and holden at Westminster theight daye of June in the xxviij'h yere of the reigne of our said most dradd Soverayn Lorde King Henrye theight, and ther continued and kepte untill the dissolution therof, it was ordeyned and enacted that all and singler the sayd Actes above remembredd and everie of them shoulde continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also bee observed and kepte until the last daye of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteyned more playnelye appearethe: And where also in the Pliament begune and holden at Westminster the xxviij daye of Aprill in the xxxj yere of the raigne of our said most dradd Soverayne Lorde King Henry theight and ther continued until [ the xxviij daye of June then nexte following, It was ordeined and enacted by aucthorite of the same Pliament, that all and singler the said severall Actes above remembred and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, shoulde continue and endure in their force and strengthe and also to be observed and kept untill the last day of the next Pliament; as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteyned more playnlye appearethe: And Where [also '] in the Pliament begune at Westminster the xvj day of Januarye in the xxxiij,h yere of the raigne of our late Soveraygne Lorde, and ther continued untill the first daye of Aprill in the said xxxijj yere of our late Soverayne Lorde, ther was one other Acte made and established concerning buying of Fishe upon the Sea, as by the same Acte last recited more playnelye dothe appeare: And Where in the Pliament holden at Westminster in the xxxv1*1 yere of the raigne of our most dradd Soveraygne Lorde King Henrye theight, One Acte was made for the preservacftn of Wooddes, tendure for vij yeeres then next following, and from thens unto the ende of the nexte Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnelye dothe and maye appeare: And Where also at the Pliament holden at Westminster in the seven and chirtye yere of the Raigne of our most dradd Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight, and ther continued and kepte untill the dissolution therof, It was ordeined and enacted that all and singler the sayd Actes above mentioned and every of them (except the said Acte made for the preservacbn of Woodes as is aforesaid) shoulde continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also to be observed and kepte untill the last day of the nexte Pliam1; As by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteined more playnly appearethe: And Where also at the Session of the Pliament ended at Westminster the xiiij daye of Marche in the thirdde yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte, one Acte was made for the true currieng of Leather ; And at the same Pliament one other Act was made for the true making of Maulte; And also one other Acte was then and ther made touching the true making of Lether, Whiche three severall Actes were made to endure to the ende of the nexte Parliament, as by the same three severall Actes more playnelye appearethe: And Where also at a Session of a Pliament ended at Westminster the first daye of Februarie in the fourthe yere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Lord King Edwarde the Sixte, One other Acte was ther made concerning the repeale of a braunche of the sayd Acte of Pliament before mentioned, touching and concerning the buyeng of tanned Lether; And also One other Acte was then and ther made concerning the buieng of Rother Beastes ; And also One other Acte was then and ther made touching buieng and selling of Butter and Chese ; Whiche said severall Actes were then and ther made tendure and continue unto thende of the next Pliament, as by the same severall Actes more at lardge yt dothe and may appeare : And Where also at the Session of a Pliament by prorogation holden at Westminster the xxiijtt‘ daye of Januarie in the fifthe yere of our said Soveraygne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, one Acte was then and ther made touching the provision and reliefe of the Poore; to endure to thende of the Session of the next Pliament: And where also at the same Session of Pliament last before mentioned, One other Acte was then and ther made against Regratours and Forstallers, to endure to thende of the next Pliament; Whiche all and singler the said Actes above mentioned, together withe the said Acte concerning the preservation of Wooddes, at a Pliament holden at Westminster the first daye of Marche in the seventhe yere of the Reigne of our said Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixte and ther continued and dissolved the last daye of the same monethe of Marche, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteined, were there revived and continued to stande in their force and strengthe, unto the last daye of the next Pliament: And Forasmuche as all and singler the sayd severall Actes above mentioned bee goodd and beneficial! for the Comon Wealthe of this Realme: Be it therfore enacted ordeined and established by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladie withe thassent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliament assembled, and by the aucthorite of the same, That all and singler the said severall Actes and Estatutes above mentioned and rehearsed, and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, shall be revived continued stande and endure in their force and strengthe to all internes constructions and purposes, and shalbe observed and kept in all thinges untill the last daye of nexte Pliament.

1 0. omit*.

Recital of Stati. si H.VIII. c. 7.

exporting Hone*

SI H.VIII. CIS.

making Cablet;

13 H.VIII. c. 17.

winding Woola; 24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanling*;

13 H.VIII. c. 3. Attaints on untrue

Verdicts;

All continued by sB H.VIII. cc. 6, 8, 9.

And further by 31 H.VIII. c.7.

33 H.VIII. c. s. regrating Fishj

3j H.VIII. c. 17. pre*erring Woods;

37 H.VIII. c. sj. continuing the recited Act*;

s k 3 E. VI. cc. 9, to, 11. Leather and Malt;

3 & 4 E. VI. c.6. buying Leather; c. 19. Cattle;

c. si. Butter, kc.

t Sr 6 E. VI. c.s. Relief of the Poor;

c. 14. Regrater*,

tee.

7 E. VI. c. 11.

continuing all the recited Acts;

ReciteJ Act* further continued until End of next Parliament.

216

1° Marine, St.2. c. 14, 15,

A.D. 1553.

Recital of Statute 13 Hen. VIII. c.i. building Gaols;

continued by 28 H.VIII. c. 9.;

31 H.VIII. c.7.,

33 H.VIII. c. 17.;

37 H.VIII. c. 23.;

Further continued for Ten Yeart.

St. 1 E.VI. c.9. uniting Churches in York:

Church of St. Elena in Stanegate suppressed, under recited Act;

The said Church may he re-edified.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the continuance of a Statute made for the reparation of Gaoles.

WHERE in the Parliament begune and holden at London, the thirde daye of November, in the xxjlh yere of the Raigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight, and from thence adjourned to Westm, and ther holden, and continued by Prorogations unto the xv,h daye of January in the xxiij'h yere of the Raigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight, Ther was then in that Session of Pliament an Acte made and established for making of Gaoles in divers Shieres of this Realme, Whiche Acte was then made to continue and endure for one yere next after thende of the same Pliament, as by the same Acte more lardglye appearethe: And where in the Pliament begune and holden at Westminster the viij,h day of June in the xxviij yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight It was enacted, that the said Act made in the said xxiij yere of the Reigne of our said Sovereygne Lorde Kinge Henry theight, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions therin conteyned, shoulde stande continue and endure in his force and strength, and be observed and kept to the laste daye of the nexte Parliament: And where in the Pliament begune and holden at Westminster the xxviij"" daye of Aprill in the xxxj yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight, It was enacted, that the sayd Acte made in the said xxiij yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteined, should stande contynue and endure in his force and strengthe, and be observed and kept tyll the last daye of the nexte Pliamente: And Where in the Pliament begune at Westminster the xvjth day of Januarie in the xxxiij*’1 yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight, It was enacted, that the said Acte made in the sayd xxiijlh yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteyned, should continue and endure in his force and strengthe, and also bee observed and kepte untill the last daye of the next Parliamente : And Where also in the Pliament holden at Westminster in the xxxvij yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henriye theight, It was enacted, that the said Acte made in the said xxiijlh yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrie the Eight, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteyned, should continue and endure in his force and strengthe and be observed and kepte in all things untill the last daye of the next Pliament: And Forasmuche as the said Acte for making Gaoles, made in the said xxiij yere of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight, is good and beneficiall for the Comon Wealthe of this Realme ; Be yt therfore enacted and ordeined by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That the same Act for making of Gaoles, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteyned, shall continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and be observed and kepte in all thinges untill thende of tenne yeres nexte ensueng thende of this pnte Pliament.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for the reedifieng of the Parishe Churche of Saynte Elens in Stanegate, within the Citie of Yorcke.

WHERE in the Parliament begune at Westminster the fourthe daye of November in the first yeere of the Raigne of the late King of famouse Memorie Edwarde the Syxt, An Acte was made for Uniting of certayne Churches within the Citie ofYorke, and the Suburbes of the same; In whiche Acte amonges other thinges it was enacted, that from thenceforthe it shoulde be lawfull to the Maiour and Recorder of the same Citie, and to the Ordinarie or his Deputie, and syxe Justices of Peace within the said Citie, to Unite and knit together certayne Parishe Churches within the said Citie and Suburbes into a fewer nomber, as by the same Acte more plainly it appearethe: Sithens the making of whiche Acte, One Parishe Churche called S' Elens in Stanegate within the said Citie, was by thaucthoritee of the same Acte suppressed defaced and the Parishe united and knitt to another; and because the said Parishe Churche of S' Elens in Stanegate, did stande in a principall place of the said Citie, the Suppression therof hathe muche defaced and deformed the said Citie, and is a greate decaye to sundrye stretes of the said Citie, meting and joyning at the said Churche: In consideration wherof. Be it enacted by the Quenes Ma'", the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same, That it shalbe lawfull to the Parishoners of the said late Parishe of S' Elens in Stanegate, and the Inhabitantes resident and dwelling within the bowndes and limites of the said late Parishe, that nowe bee and that hereafter shalbe, to repayre reedyfie and builde ageyne the same Parishe Churche of S' Elens in Stanegate. and the Churcheyarde of the same, and therin to have use and [to '] perceive all Dyvine Services Sacramentes and Sacramentalles, as shall be lawfull for any Parishoners to have in or at their Parishe Churches, and to be Parishoners of the same, in as ample and as lardge maner as they were at any tyme before the suppression of the same; Any thing in the former Acte or any thinge by the aucthoritie therof doon, or any Uniting Ordinaunce or Decree doone or made by the Ordinarie, or by the aucthoritie of the said Acte, in anye wise notwithestanding.

• O. omits.

A.D. 1553.

1° Marine, St. 2. c. 15, 16.

217

And be it further enacted, That it shalbe lawfull to the Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures at any time II

after this pnte Cession of this Pliament, to present any able Clarcke to the Vycarege in the same Churche for this pnte Vacation, and at any tymes after, whan and howe ofte it shall fortune to be vacante; and the said Clarck so by her vic*r»ge there. Highnes her heires and successours presented, and by the Ordinarie institute and lawfully inducte possessed of the said Vicaredge, shall have aucthoritee and power by thaucthoritie of this Acte to dayme aske take and demaunde, as well by the order of the Lawes as otherwise, all maner of Tithes Oblations Emolumentes Mantions Glebelandes Rightes Profittes and Comodities whatsoever to the said Vicaredge apperteining or belonging, of the Parishioners and Inhabitauntes of the sayd Parishe, in as ample and lardg maner as any Vicarre before the suppression of the same had or might have; The said Acte of Pliament, or the said Uniting, or any other thinge to the contrarie notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for the confirmation of thattaynder of John late Duke of Northumberlande and others.

IN theire most humble wise besechen yo' most Roy all Majestie, the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and all other yo' Treaaon* of Earl of most loving and obedient Subjectes the C5mons of this yor most highe Court of Pliant' assembled ; That where John ArAbpTcromer, Duke of Northumberlande, Thomas Cranmer Archebishoppe of Cantorburie, Willyam Marques of Northhampton, John Lady Jane Dudley, Earle of Warwike, Sr Ambrose Dudleye Knight, Guilforde Dudleye Esquire, and Jane his Wief, Henrye Dudleye "d other,‘ Esquire, S' Andrewe Dudleye Knight, S' John Gate Knight, and S' Thomas Palmer Knight, most falselye and trayterouslye have comitted perpetrated and doon manye detestable and abhominable Treasons, to the most fearfull perill and daunger of the destrucc&n of yo' most Roiall Persone, and to thutter losse and disherisone and destrucc&n of this yo' Realme of Englande, yf God of his Infinite goodnes had not in due tyme revealed and gyven knowlege to yo' Highnes of their trayterouse intentes; Of and for the whiche sayd Treasone, being manifestlye and playnlye proved.

The said John Duke of Northumberland, Thomas Archebishoppe of Cantorburie, Willyam Marques of Northhampton,

John Earle of Warwike, S' Ambrose Dudleye, Guilforde Dudleye, Jane his wyef, Henrie Dudleye, S' Andrewe Dudleye,

S' John Gate, and S' Thomas Palmer, have bene lawfully justlye and according to the Law of yo' Realme convicted

and attainted ; As by the Recordes of their severall Attaindours more playnly maye appeare: For the whiche severall

Offences the said Duke of Northumberland, S' John Gate, and S' Thomas Palmer have suffredd therfore paynes of

Deathe, according to their demerites : It maie therfore please yo' Highnes of yo' most excellent and accustomed goodnes Attainder* for

and for thentier love favour and hartie affecc&n that yo' Majestie hathe allwaies heretofore borne and yet bearethe to confirmecT*0"'

the C5monwealthe of this yo' Realme of Englande, and for the conservation of yor most excellent Highnes and Posteritie

and of the good peace unitie and rest of Us your most bounden and obedient Subjectes to graunt and assent at the

most humble desire and peticion of yo' loving and obedient Subjectes, the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the

Commons in this presente Parliament assembled, That the sayd lawfull and juste Convictions and Attaindoures of all

the sad Offendoures maye bee approved and confirmed by thaucthoritee of this present Pliament.

And that it maie be enacted, That the said Duke of Northumberlande, Thomas Archebishoppe of Cantorburie, Attainder by William Marques of Northampton, John Earle of Warwike, S' Ambrose Dudleye, Guilforde Dudleye, and Jane his p^Jyuue'e?* Wief, Henrye Dudleye, S' Andrewe Dudleye, S' John Gate, and S' Thomas Palmer, for their said abhominable and their Lands and detestable Tresons by them and every of them moste abhominablye and trayterouslye comitted and doon against yo'

Majestie and this yo' Realme, shalbe by the aucthorite of this pnte Acte convicted and attainted of Highe Treason;

And that the same John Duke of Northumberlande, Thomas Archebyshoppe of Cantorburie, William Marques of Northehampton, John Earle Warwike, S' Ambrose Dudleye, Guilforde Dudleye, Jane his Wief, Henrye Dudleye,

S' Andrewe Dudleye, S' John Gate, and S' Thomas Palmer and every of them, shall suffer paynes of deathe and loose and ibrfeite to yo' Highnes and to yo' heires and successoures, all suche their Honours Castelles Manours Meses Landes Tenementes Rentes Reversions Remainders Possessions Offices Rights Condic&ns Interests Possession, and all other their Hereditamentes Gooddes Cattells Debtes Fermes and all other thinges, of what names natures or qualities soever they bee, which they or any of them hadd to their owne use or uses the daye of their said severall Treasons or Offences by them or any of them comitted perpetrated or doone, or at any time sithens: And that all and singler their said Honours Castels Maners Meses Landes Tenementes Rentes Reverc&ns Remainders Possessions Offices Rightes CondiciSns and all other their Hereditamentes Gooddes Cartelles Debtes and Fermes, shalbe demed vested and judged to be in the actuall and reall possession of your Majestie, without any Office or Inquisition therof hereafter to be taken or fownde, according to the Common Lawe of this yo' Realme.

Saving to everie person and persons, Bodies Politike and Corporate, and to [their '] heires assignes and successours General Saving of of every of them. Other then the sayd Duke of Northumberlande, Thomas Archebishoppe of Cantorburie, William Title* of Stringer*. Marques of Northhampton, John Earle of Warwyke, S' Ambrose Dudleye, Guildforde Dudleye, Jane his Wief, Henrye Dudleye, S' Andrewe Dudleye, S' John Gate, and S' Thomas Palmer, and their heires, and theires of every of them hereafter clayming the premisses as heire or heires by or from them, or by or from any of them, and all and every other person and persons claiming by them or any of them, to their uses or to thuse of any of them, or to thuse of any of their said heires, all such right title use possession interest reverccin remainder entree condi&n fees offices rentes annuitees commons and all other comodities and hereditamentes whatsoever they or any of them might coulde or ought to hadd, yf this Acte hadd never bene hadd ne made. 1

1 the O.

3 K

218

1° Mahi-®, St. 2. c.16—18,

A.D. 1553.

IV. Provided alwaies, That this Acte ne any thing therm conteined, shall not in any wise extende to entitle yo' Highnes

Lands, &c. of the Your heires or successoures, to any Honours Castelles Manoures Meses Landes Tenementes Rentes Reverfbns Services Archbithoprick. Liberties Francheseis or other Hereditamentes perteyning or belonging to the See or Bishoprick of Cantorburie, but

Cr UI7" that the successour and successours of the said Archbishoppe and every of them, shall and maye have holde and enjoye

the same in as ample and lardge maner as they might shoulde or ought to have doone, as yf the said Archebishoppe had never bene attainted; Any thing mentioned in this Acte to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

Proruo for actual C) Provided alwaie. That this Acte nor any thing therin conteined, shall not extende to geve the Quenes Highnes Sales before her heires or successoures, any benefite or comoditee of or to any Goodes Catteles or Debtes that were the said Dukes,

of^Tputiei or any °f the said persons attainted, at the time of the severall Treasons by them doone and comitted, and by them

attainted. or any Gf them lawfully and justlye without fraude or covine, geven graunted bargained released or discharged before

the daye of their severall apprehentions; But that all and everye suche person and persons to whom any lawfull Bargayn Gifte Graunte Release or Dischardge hathe bene made as is aforesaid, shall and maye have holde and enjoye the same, and be acquited and discharged therof in suche and like maner and fourme to all internes and purposes as thoughe this Acte had never bene hadd ne made; Any thing in the said Acte conteyned notwithestanding.

Release of Subaidiea of 4a. and at. 8d.

r Pound, granted 7 E. VI. c. «2. by the Queen’s Letters Patents dated 1st Sept.

All Lay Subjects discharged from the said Subsidies.

II.

Not to release the Two Fifteenths and Tenths under recited Act.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte for the Release of the last Subsidie of the Temporaltie.

WHERE (’) the Quenes Highnes our Sovereigne Ladye by her Graces Ires patentes, sealed withe the Greate Seale, bearing date the firste daye of September last past, Reciting, Wheras in the Pliament holden in the seventhe yere of the Raigne of the Excellent Prince our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe her Highnes Brother, ther was graunted by Acte of Pliament unto the same late Kinge, twoo Dismes and twoFiftenes, and one Subsidie of sour shillinges of the Pownde, to be raised and levied of the Manois Landes and Tenementes, and twoo shillinges eight pens of the Gooddes and Cattelles, of his late Subjectes; whiche Grauntes were then due unto Her Highnes by the said Acte; Her Majestie for the Considerations expressed in the said Ires patentes, of her mere Grace and greate Clemencie, for the relief and succour of her sayd Subjectes, dyd freely for her her heires and successoures, perdon and remit unto her said Subjectes and their heires and executoures, the saide Subsidie of sour shillinges the pownde, and twoo shillinges viij d. the pownde, graunted in the said Pliament; as by the said Ires patentes more at lardge it dothe and maye appeare j Whiche Ires patentes were by Her Highnes Comaundement published and proclaymed throughout this Realme : Oure said Sovereigne Ladye the Queue, upon her further gracious respecte and especiall love towardes her said Subjectes, and for thavoiding of all doubles and questions whiche might rise or be moved of the validitee and force of the said Ires patentes set for the by Proclamation as is aforesayd, is pleased and contented that her said gratious Remission of the said Subsidies be ratified and confirmed by aucthoritie of Pliament: Therfore be it enacted by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporal), and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thautborite of the same. That all and every person and persons, Bodyes Politick and Corporate, their heires successoures executoures and administratours, being Laye Subjectes, whiche shoulde or ought to have payde any sdme or somes of moneye for the said Subsidye of iiij s. the pownde, and ij s. viij d. the pownde, graunted in the said late Pliament, Or of or for anye other Rate or Rates of Landes Gooddes Cattelles, or otherwise towching or concerning the payment of any some or somes of money for or by reason of the Graunte of the said Subsidie, shalbe therof clerelye acquired and discharged against the Quenes Highnes, her heires and successoures executoures and administratoures, to all respectes and purposes as thoughe the said Acte of Graunte of the said Subsidie had never bene hadd ne made.

Provided alwaies that (’) pnte Acte shall not extende to dischardge any person or persons bodies politique and corporate of or for the payment of any some or somes of moneye whiche is ought or shalbe due unto her Highnes her heires or successours for the twoo Fiftenes and Dismes graunted to the saide late Kinge by the said Acte; Any thinge in this Acte conteined notwithstanding.

I

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte of a Subsidie of Tonnage and Pondage of dyvers Marchaundises.

Subsidies immemoriallr granted to the Crown by Parliament for

the Safeguard of the Seas, Sic.

IN Theire Most humble wise shewen unto yor most Excellent Majestie, yo' poore and obedient Subjects and Comons in this yor pnte Pliament assembled. That where as well yor noble Graundfather of worthie memorie King Henrye the Seventhe, The most victorious and mighty Prince King Henrye theight, yor most derest Father, And our late Soveraigne and liege Lorde King Edwarde the syxthe, yor most intierlye beloved Brother, as other yor right noble and famouse progenitoures Kinges of this yo' Realme of Englande, time out of mynde, have had and enjoyed unto them by aucthorite of Pliament, for the defence of the same now yor Realme and the keping and safegarde of the Seas, for thentercourse of Marchaundise safely to come into and to passe out of the same, certayn sdmes of money named

‘ This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

« AS 0. 5 this 0.

A.D. 1553.

1° Marine, St. 2. c.18.

219

Subsidies, of all maner of Gooddes and Marchaundise coming in or going out of the same your Real me: And Forasmuche as Wee your said poore Cdmons undoubtedly and most assuredlye doo trust and have sure confidence in yo' Majesties good favour and will towardes Us yo' said poore Comons, in and for the keping and suer defending of the Seas against all persons entending or that entende the disturbance of Us yo' sayd Cdmons in thentercourse and thinvading of this yor Realme, to our molestation inquieting and losse, whiche at any time cannot bee borne withoute the greate excesse and intolerable costes chardges and expenses of your Majestie, whiche is not (when nede shjdl require in suche cases) at any tyme to be lacked, but rather We yo' sayd Comons wishing that suche furniture of all thinges maye be hadd in readines from tyme to time when necessitee shall require for the spedye undelayed provision and helpe for the suppressing of suche inconveniences disturbances and invasions, Humblye desire yo' most Excellent Majestie beningly and favourable to take accepte and receyve these our poore Grauntes hereafter ensuing, as graunted of true hartes and good willes which we beare unto yo' Highnes, towardes yo' sayd greate Costes Chardges and Expenses whiche maye be expended and layd out by your Majestie for the Causes aforesayd when nede shall require, as the first fruites of our good willes and hartes towardes yo' Highnes, althoughe the same doo or hereafter shall nothing in effecte countervaile the same yo' great chardges, nor yet We yo' sayd poore Comons able fully to gratefie your Highnes by any meanes : Yet neverthelesse We yo' sayd poore Comons by thadvice and consent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall in this yo' pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same to thintente aforesaid, give and gr*unte to youe our supreme liege Ladye and Soveraigne, One Subsidie called Tonnage, that is to saye, Of every Tune of Wine coming or that shall or ys comen into this your Realme by waye of Merchaundise, the sum of three shillinges and so after the rate: And of everye Tune of swete Wine as well Malmesaye as other that shall or ys come into the same your Realme by every or any Marchaunte Alyen as well by the Marchauntes of Haunse and Almaine as by any other Merchaunte Straunger of what Nation soever he bee, three shillinges, and so after the rate over and above the three shillinges afore graunted : And of every Awne of Renishe Wine c5ming or that shall or is c5me into this yor Realme by waye of Marchaundise by every or any Marchaunte Denizen or Alyen of what Nation soever he bee, Twelve pence: And also one other Subsidie called Pondage, That is to saye, of all maner of Goodes and Marchaundises of every Marchaunt Denizen and Alyen whatsoever he bee, carried and to bee carried out of this yo' said Realme, or brought or to be brought into the same by waye of Marchaundise, of the value of every Twentye shillinges of the same Goodes and Marchaundices xij d. and so after the rate; and of every Twentie shillinges value of Tynne and Pewter Vessell carried out of this yo' Realme by any and everye Marchaunte Alyen, Twelve pence, over and above (') Twelve pence aforesaid.

Exchfte and alwaies forprised out of this graunte of Subsidie of Pondage, All maner of Woollen Clothe made or wrought or that shalbe made and wrought within this yo' Realme of Englande, And by every or any Marchaunte Denizen and not borne Alyen, carried or to be carried out of this yo' sayd Realme; And all maner of Wooll Woollfelles and Hides and Backes of Leather also carried or to be carried out of this yo' Realme; And all Wines and all manner of freshe Fishe and Besdall coming or that ys or shall come into the same yo' Realme.

And Furthere, We your sayd poore Comons by thadvise assent and aucthoritee aforesayd gyve and graunte unto Youe our sayd supreme liege Ladie and Sovereigne for the causes aforesayd, One other Subsidie of all manner of Wooll Woollfelles and Leather carried or to be carried out of this yor Realme in maner and fourme following; that ys to saye, of every Merchaunte Denizen of and for everye Sacke of Wooll xxxiij s. iiij d. and for everye CCxl*’'. Woollfelles xxxiij s. iiij d. And of and for every Last of Hides and Backes of every suche Marchaunt Denizen lxs. vjs. viij d. And also of every Marchaunte Straunger not borne yo' liege man, as well those that be made Denizens as hereafter shalbe made by Letters Patentes or otherwise, as all other Marchauntes Straungers of and for every Sack of Wooll lx s. vj s. viij d, And of and for everie CCxlu. Woolfelles lxvj s. viij d. And also for every Laste of Hides and Backes iiiti. xiij s. iiij d. And so of all the sayd Woolles Woollfelles Hides and Backes and every of them after the rate that so ys or shall bee caried: To have take and enjoye and perceyve the Subsidies aforesayd and everye of them, and every parte and parcell of them to yor Highnes, from the firste daye of yo' most noble reigne during your lyes naturall.

And further We your sayd poore Cdmons most humblye desire your Majestie that yt maye be enacted by yo' Highnes by thadvise and assent of the Lordes aforesayd, and Us your said Comons, and by thaforesaid aucthorite of this pnte Pliament assembled, That the Giftes and Grauntes aforesayd shall bee goodd and effectuall according to the true meaning of the same.

And that it maie be further enacted by thauctorite aforesayd, That yf any Wines Goodes Marchaundises Wolles Woollfelles Hides and Backes of Leather aforesayd or other thinges afore specified, wherof the Subsidies aforesaid or any of them ys or shalbee hereafter due, shall at any tyme hereafter during the tyme aforesayd be shipped or put into any Bote Crayer Shippe or Vessell, to that intente to be carryed into the parties of beyoAde the Sea, or elles be brought from the parties of beyonde the Sea into any Porte Haven Crcke or other Place of this yo' Realme by waye of Marchaundise, and there layde on lande, The Subsidie aforesayd of the Premisses due or to bee due by reason of this Graunte not payde, or the Collectour of the same Subsidie or his Deputie not agreed withe for the same, according to the true meaning and intent of these aforesayd Grauntes and every of them, that then from the first daye of Januarie next coming and not before, all the sayd Wynes Gooddes Marchaundises Woolles Woollfelles Hides and Backes and other the premisses aforesaid, and every parte and parcell therof, so shipped or elles put into any [Botes*] Crayer or other Vessell aforesayd to the intente aforesayd, or brought into this Realme, and

For pro riding •uch Safeguard when necessary.

Grant to the Queen, Subsidy ofTonnage, via. ». per Ton on all Wines imported; js. additional on all Sweet Wine* imported by Aliena; and I id. pet A wme on Rheniah Wine.

Poundage, ih.

I id. per Pound on all Gooda imported and exported, and I id. additional on Tin and Pewter exported by Aliena.

II.

Exception! from Poundage; riz. Clotha exported by Subject!; Wool, &c. exported ; and Wine and Fiah,ftc. imported.

Subaidiea on Woola, itc. riz. 33*. 4d. per Sack of Wool or 140 Woolfela, and Jtt 6a. 8d. per Last of Hides, exported by Subjects; sk'i 6s. 8d. on Woola and FeUs, andaCi 13*. 4d. on Hides, exported by Aliens.

All such Subsidies granted for the Queen's Life.

IV.

The said Grants confirmed.

V.

Gooda exported or imported without Payment of Duty shall be forfeited.

> the 0.

-Boot.: 0.

Dio

220

]° Maria, St. 2. c. 18.

A.D. 1553.

ther layd on lande as is also aforesayd, shalbee and remayne forfaite to yo' Highnes during the tyme aforesayd. The one Moitie or Value therof to your Highnes and thother Moitie to him or them that shall sease the same or sue for the same.

Merchant! shall And t^at * maye Y0' Highnes, that all Marchauntes, aswell Denizens as Strangers, coming into this your

be protected. Realme, be well and honestlye intreated and demeaned as they were in the tyme of your sayd noble Progenitoures, without oppression to them to be done, paieng the Subsidies abovesayd.

VII. Proviso for Goods of Subjects lost at Sea.

And Furthere that it be enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid. That yf any Gooddes Marchaundises Woolles Woollfelles or Leather aforesayd, or any part therof of any Marchaunt Denizen, naturallye borne your Liegeman, whiche shall passe out of this yo' sayd Realme after the sayd firste daye of Januarye during the terme of this Gifte and Grante, shall happen to be taken withe Enemies or Pirates upon the Sea, or perished by infortune in any Shippe or Shippes that shall happen to bee taken or perished within the tyme of the sayd Grante, wherof the Subsidies aforesayd, or any of them to your Highnes due or to be due, is or shalbe in fourme aforesayd dulye payde or agreed for without fraude or collusion, and such losse or losses as bene before rehearsed bee founde and proved before the Threasorour of Englande or the Cheife Baron of yo' Eschequer for the tyme being, by thexamination of the same Marchantes, yf they be on lyve, or of their executoures or administratoures, yf they be deade, or twoo true credible persons swoome, or other reasonable witnesses and profes sworne, witnessing the same Marchaundises so to bee lost or perished, that then the same Marchauntes Denyzens that were or shalbe Owners of the foresaid Gooddes Marchaundises Wooll Woollfelles Hides or other Marchaundises aforesayd as shalbe so perishedd or lost, yf they bee on lyve, or their executoures or administratoures, yf they be deade, and every of them, by force and venue of this Acte when them lykethe during the sayd terme, shall mowe shippe asmuche Woll Woolfelles Hides or other Marchaundise in the same Porte or Portes in whiche the same Wooll Woollfelles Hides or other Goodes and Marchaundises aforesayd so lost and perished, were or shall bee shipped, without any of the Subsidies aforesayd no we graunted to bee had or payde therfore to Youe in any wise: And that all suche profittes of the premisses so to bee lost or perished bee certified into yo’ Chauncerye by yo' sayd Treasorer or Cheyf Baron, there to remayne of Recorde; and after suche Certificate made, the Chauncellour of Englande or the Lorde Keper of yo' greate Seale for the tyme being, shall make and delyver unto the said Marchauntes their executours or administratoures, or any of them, as many and suche Writtes and Warrauntes to be directed aswell to the Collectours of the Subsidies aforesaid, or any or every of them for the time being as to the Treasourer and Barons of yo' Eschequer for the time being, as shalbee requisite and nedefull for the said Marchauntes their executo" or administrate)', or their Attourney or Attouraeis, or any of them, or the said Collecto", or any of them, to have for thobteining aswell of the shiping as of Allowance therof.

Good* shipped in And Furthere, that every Marchaunte Denizen that shall shippe hereafter any Woolle Woollfelles Hides or anye other Carrick., shall Gooddes and Marchaundises in any Carrick or Galleye, shall paye to yo' Majestie during the tyme aforesayd, all maner p»7 Alien Duty. q£ QustomeSj jnd all the Subsidies aforesayd, as any Alien borne out of this your Realme.

J

( 221 )

Anno 1° MARINE; Sess. 3'. A.D. 1554.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Second Day of April, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q,. MARY,

€x i&otulo 0arUamentt &e 2nno regnt &eg<ne ^arte, $rtmo. c>

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westni secundo die Aprilis, anno Regni Serenissime et Excellentissime Dne nre Marie Dei gra Anglie Francie et Hibemie Regine Fidei Defensoris Primo, et ibm continuato usq^ in Quintum diem Maij dcfo anno, quo die dissolut erat; Comuni olm Procerum et Populi consensu, ac Regie Ma'f turn pntis assensu, Sancit Edit et Ordinal foerunt hec xv subsequent Statuta. V2.

L—35. An Acte declaring that the Regall Power of this Realme is in the Queues Ma"* as fully and absolutely as ever it was in any of her moste noble Progenitours Kings of this Realme.

II. —36. An Acte touching the Articles of the Quenes Highnes most noble Marriage.

III. —37. An Acte for the Repeale of twoo severall Actes made in the Seventhe yere of King Edward the Syxte

touching the dissoluc&n of the Bishoprick of Durham.

IV. —38. An Acte for thestabiishing of thoffice of the L. Steward of the Quenes Majesties most Honourable

Housholde.

V. —39. An Acte for the Continuac6n of a Statute made for the repairing of Shirbourne Causeye.

VI. —40. An Acte for the repairing of a Cawseie betwext Bristowe and Gloucestre.

VII.—41. An Acte touching Clothmaking in Corporate and Market Townes.

VIII.—42. An Acte touching the buieng and corrieng of Leather.

IX.—43. An Acte touching Ordin*nces and Rules in Cathedrall Churches and Scooles.

X.—44. An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made for the uniting of the Parishe Churche of Onger and Grenestede in the Countie of Essexe.

XI.—45. An Acte touching the Sea Sandes in Glamorganshire.

XII.—46. An Acte for the continuation of certayn Statutes.

47. An Acte for the restitufbn in Bloudd of S' William Parre Knight late Marques of Northapl.

48. An Acte for thassurance of the Manours of Geywoodde and Rising in the Countie of Norff to the

Earle of Surreye.

49. An Acte for the ratifieng of thestate of Dame Lucye Clifforde in the Manour of Burston Hawghe.

1 See Note at the Beginning of the First Session of this Year i pa. 197.

3 L

by

222

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1554

CHAPTER I.

An Acte declaring that the Regall Power of this Realme is in the Quenes MaUe as fully and absolutely as ever it was in any of her moste noble Progenitours Kings of this Realme.

By Descent of the Crown to the Queen all Regal Power vested in her;

The Name of King only used in the ancient Statutes of the Realm

The Kingly Office and Prerogative declared to beequal, whether vested in Male or Female ; and a Queen Regent to have all the Powers of a King.

FORASMUCHE as the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, withe all Dignities Honours Prerogatives Aucthorities Jurisdictions and Preheminences therunto annexed united and belonging, by the Dyvine Providence of Almighty God, ys most lawfully justly and rightfully discended and come unto the Quenes Highnes that now ys, being the

verye true and undoubted heire and inheritrixe therof, and invested in her most Royall Person, according unto the

Lawes of this Realme ; And by force and vertue of the same, all Regall Power Dignitie Honour Aucthoritie Prerogative Preheminence and Jurisdictions dothe apperteine, and of right ought to apperteine and belong unto her Highnes, as to the Sovereine supreme Govemour and Quene of this Realme and the Dominions therof, in as full large and ample maner as it hathe done heretofore to any other her most noble Progenitours Kinges of this Realme: Nevertheles the most auncient Statutes of this Realme being made by Kinges then reigning, doo not onely attribute and referre all Prerogative Preheminence Power and Jurisdiction Roiall unto the name of King, but also doo gyve assigne and appointe the Correcc&n and Punishment of all Offendours against the Regaltie and Dignitie of the Crowne and the Lawes of this Realme unto the Kinge; By occasion wherof the malitious and ignorant persones may bee hereafter induced and perswaded unto this errour and folly, to thinck that her Highnes coulde ne shoulde have enjoye and use suche lyke Royall Aucthoritie Power Preheminence Prerogative and Jurisdice&n, nor doo ne execute and use all thinges concerning the sayd Statutes, and take the benefit! and privilege of the same, nor correcte and punislie Offendours

against her most Royall Person and the Regaltie and Dignitie of the Crowne of this Realme and the Dominions

thereof, as the Kinges of this Realme her most noble Progenitours have heretofore doon enjoied used and exersised: For thadvoiding and clere extinguishement of whiche sayd errour or doubte, and for a playn declaracon of the Lawes of this Realme in that behalf; Be it declared and enacted by thauctorite of this pnte Pliament, that the

Lawe of this Realme is and ever hathe been and ought to bee understande, that the Kinglye or Regall Office of the

Realme, and all Dignities Prerogative Royall Power Preheminences Privilegies Aucthorities and Jurisdictions therunto annexed united or belonging, being invested either in Male or Female, are and bee and ought to bee as fully wholly absolutely and [enteerly '] demed judged accepted invested and taken in thone as in thother ; so that what or whansoever Statute or Law doothe lymitte and appointe that the King of this Realme may or shall have execute and doo any thing as King, or dothe geve any profitt or comodite to the King, or dothe lymitte or appointe any paines or punishement for the Correction of Offendours or Transgressoures against the Regaltie and Dignitie of the King or of the Crowne, The same the Quene, (being supreme Governesse possessour and enheritour to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme as our sayd Sovereigne Ladye the Quene most justly presentlye is,) may by the same aucthoritie and power likewise have exersice execute punishe correcte and doo, to all intentes constructions and purposes without

Doubte Ambiguitie Scruple or Question: Any Custome Use or Scruple or any other thing whatsoever to be made

to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte touching the Articles of the Quenes Highnes most noble Marriage.

Intended Marriage of the Queen with Prince Philip of Spain 5

Stipulation! of one of the Treaties as to the said Marriage

The Kingly Title given to Philip in the Queen's Dominions, the Laws thereof, &c. being maintained

WHEREAS most Instant Sute hathe been made to yor Most Excellent Majestie, on the behalf of the most noble and most Victorious Prince Charles, Emperour of Rome, &c. for Marriage to be had betwen your Highnes, and his onelye Sonne and Heyre the noble Prince Philippe of Spayne, &c.: Wherupon to the Pleasure of Almightye God, to the Comfort of yo' most noble Persone, and to the great and singuler Honour Wealthe Benefite and Comoditec of this yor Realme of Englande, and of all Us yo’ most humble and obedient Subjectes of the same, ther hathe passed and been concluded in twoo sundrye [Treatyse,1] certeyne Pactes and Covenauntes towching the sayd Marryage, withe dependances and circumstaunces of the same, and in thone Treatie theis Articles: First, It is covenaunted and agreed that as soone as convenientlye may bee, trewe and perfite Maryage by woordes of the tyme present, shalbee contracted solemnised and consumate in Englande, betwen the sayd most noble Prince, and the sayd most vertuous Ladye the Quene ; By force of whiche Marryage so celebrated and consumate, the sayd most noble Prynce Phillyppe, shall during the sayd Marryage have and enjoye joyntlye together withe the sayd most gratyous Quene his Wyef, the Stile Honoure and

Kinglye Name of the Realmes and Domynyons unto the said most noble Quene apperteyning, and shall ayde her

Highnes being his Wyef, in the happye administrac&n of her Graces Realmes and Dominions; The Rightes Lawes Privileges and Customes of the same Realmes and Dominions being nevertheles preserved and maynteyned: And speciallye yt ys provided and covenaunted, that the sayd most noble Prince shall permitt and suffer the said

most gracyous Quene his Wyef, to have the whole disposicon of all the Benefices and Offices Landes Revenues and

Fruites of the sayd Realmes and Dominions, and that they shalbe bestowed uppon suche as bee naturallye borne in the same; And that all the matters of the sayd Realmes and Dominions shall bee treated and mayntayned in the same Tongues wherin of olde they have been wont to bee treated, and by the naturall borne of the same Realmes:

1 entierly O.

2 Treaties O.

A.D. 1554.

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 2.

223

It is also covenaunted that the same most noble Quene by vertue of the foresayd Matrymonye, shall be admitted into ^H*1^* the Socyetie of the Realmes and Domynions of the sayd most noble Prince, aswell suche as he hathe nowe presentlye, Quetn as suche other also as during the same Matrymonye maye come hereafter unto him ; And for her Dower, in cace that her Highnes overlyve the sayd most noble Prince her Husbande, she shall yerelye receive Three Score Thousande powndes, after the value of fortye Grotes Flemishe moneye (1) the pownde; the same to be allotted and appointed uppon all the Realmes Landes and primoniall Dominions, of the sayd most victorious Lorde Themperour his Father, in maner and forme following, that ys to saye; Fortye thousande powndes shall be assigned upon the Realmes of Spayne,

Castile, and Aragon, and their app'ten*nces in best maner that maye bee, and according to the fashion usage and custome

of the said Realmes; So as yf the sayd noble Prince doo dye before her Highnes, and by reason therof the said Dower

c5me in lire and take effect, the sayd most gratious Quene shall and maye frelye without any impediment, have use

and enjoye the sayd Fourtye thousande poundes as ys aforesayd ; Thother Twentye thousande poundes shalbe appointed

unto her Highnes upon the Dukedomes Earledomes and Dominions of Brabant Flaundres Heynolde Hollande and

other the primoniall Landes and Inheritance of the sayd Lorde Themprour in the Lower Germanye; in lyke maner as

the Ladye Margaret of Englande, sometime Wief and Widowe of the Lorde Charles of laudable memorye Duke of

Burgondye, hadd and receyved upon the same; so as the sayd most noble Quene surviving her sayd Husbande, shall

imediatlye after his deathe, use enjoye and possesse her sayd Dower, so far for the as no part therof be alyenated or

oblyged to others; And in cace any parte therof be founde alienate or bounde to others, other Landes or Revenues of

lyke valewe lyeng nyer to the residue of the sayd Dower, shalbe in due forme assigned in hewe therof within the

space of three monethes, whiche her Highnes shall use and enjoy in lyke maner and forme as the said Ladye Margarett of

Englande before used and enjoyed : And least that amonges their Children ther might aryse some strife for the Succession, Provision for their

and therbye disturbe the fruite of perpetuall Concorde that ys hoped shall ensue of this Matrimonie betwen the ’

Realmes and Dominions of either partye, the sayd [Synassion *] shall be ordered in maner and forme following

First, That as touching the right of the Mothers Inheritaunce in the Realme of Englande, and the other Realmes and Dominions depending of the same, the Children as well Males as Females that shalbee borne of this Matriinonye shall succede in them, according to the Lawes Statutes and Customes of the same: And as touching the Landes that the sayd most noble Prince shall leave behinde him; First, ther shalbe reserved unto his eldest sonne the Lorde Charles of Austriche, Infante of Spayne, and to the Children and Heires of him discending, as well Females as Males, all and singuler their Rightes whiche to the sayd Prynce doo either nowe or hereafter shall belong, and shall at any tyme by the deathe either of the noble Quene his Graundame, or the most Victorious Emprour Charles the Fifthe his Father,

(whiche God long differ,) bee devolved unto him in the Realmes of Spayne, of bothe the Siciles, with all their apperten'nces in the Dukedome of Myllayne, and other Landes and Dominions in Lumbardye and Italye, whatsoever Name and Title they have, whiche nevertheles shalbe bourdened and charged withe thaforesayd Dower of Fourty thousande powndes; In whiche Realmes Landes and Dominions the Children of this pnte Matrimonye shall pretende nothing so long as the sayd Lorde Charles the Infante, or any Issue of his bodye laufullye begotten, doo lyve:

But yf yt fortune the same Lord Charles to dye, and thissue of his bodye to faile, then and in that cace theldest Sonne of this Matrimonye shalbee admitted unto the sayd Right, and according to the Nature Lawes and Customes of the sayd Realmes and Dominions shall succede: The same eldest Sonne shall also succede in all the Dukedomes Earledomes Dominions and primoniall Landes belonging unto the sayd Lorde Themprour, aswell in Burgundie as in the Lower Germanye; that ys to saye, In the Dukedomes of Brabant, Luxenborghe, Gheldres, Zutphane, Burgondye,

Friselande, in the Countyes of Flaunders Arthois Hollande Zelande Namures and the Lande beyonde the Isles, and in all other whatsoever therunto belonging or any wayes apperteyning, withe all their rightes and demaundes; But yf the sayd Lorde Charles or they that shall come of him shall remayn on lyve, and that ther bee by this Matrimonye any male Childe, in that cace the sayd Lorde Charles or his descendentes shalbee and remayne excluded from the sayd Landes and primoniall Dominions of the Lower Germanye and of Burgundye, and the same withe all their Right, shall descende unto the eldest Sonne to bee borne of this Matrimonye; and to thother Children that shalbe borne of the sayd Matrymonye, aswell Males as Females, a convenient Portyon and Dower shalbe allotted in the Realme of Englande and Dominions depending of the same, and in the sayd Landes and primoniall Dominions °f fl*e Lower Germanye; and neither theldest Sonne of this Matrimonye, nor thother Sones begotten in the s*«ie, shall pretende any Right in the Realme of Spayne or thother Dominions depending of the same, and reserved to the said Lorde Charles Thinfant, otherwise then by their Fathers or Grandefathers disposition shalbe gyven or lefte unto them:

Moreover if it fortune no Male Childe to be borne of this Matrimonie but one/ye Females, in that cace theldest Female shall withe full right succede in the sayd Landes and Dominions of the Lower Germanye; so as nevertheles she being mynded to choose to husbande any man not borne in Englande or in the Lower Germanye, she doe contract the same Matrymonye by the counsel! and consent of the said Lord Charles thinfant her brother, Or elles yf she take any Man to husbande that ys not borne in Englande or in the Lower Germanye, neglecting the counsell and consent of the sayd Lorde Charles, in that cace the Right of the Succession shalbee and remayne to the sayd Lorde Charles thinfant in the sayd Dominions of Lower Germanye Burgundye and theyr appertenaunces, whiche in the cace aforesaid shall revert unto him or his Issue aswell Males as Females; And yet nevertheles in that cace both she and thother Doughters also discending of this Matrimonye, no Male Children remaining, shalbee endowed of their Fatheres Landes and Possessions aswell of Spayne as of Lower Germanye, competentlye and according to the Customes of the said Realmes and Dominions; And for want also of the said Lorde Charles and thissue of him, and none other Children remayning of this Matrymonye but Women, in that cace theldest Doughter to be borne of this Matrimonye shall succede not onelye in the sayd Dominions of Lower Germanye and Burgundye but also in thother Realmes of Spayne Englande and the rest, after the Nature Lawes and Customer of the same: Provided nevertheles and expresselye

1 to 0. • Succession 0.

Go

224

1° Marine, St. 3. c.2,

A.D. 1554

A Second Treaty j Aliens shall not hold Office in England, tec.

No Innovations by the Prince in the Laws of England;

He shall not compel the Queen to leave her Realm, &c.;

Nor, on failure of Children, claim Title thereto after her Decease;

Nor alienate any Jewels, Ships, Sec. of the Realm s

England shall not be involved in Spanish Wars:

The said Treaties confirmed by Parliament.

reserved in all and singler thabove declared caces of Succession, that whatsoever he or she bee that shall succede to them, they shall leave to every of the sayd Realmes Landes and Dominions whole and entyer their Privileges Rightes and Customes, and the same Realmes and Dominions shall administer and cause to bee administred by the naturall borne of the same Realmes Dominions and Landes, and in all thinges faithefully procure their udlitee and quiett, and shalle rule and nourisshe them in good Justice and Peace, according to their Statutf & Costomes: Finallie, that betwen the said Emprour the Prince and his successoures, their Realmes and Dominions whatsoever, and the sayd most gracyous Quene and her Realmes and Dominions, ther shalbee from hensforthe an entier and sincere fratemitfee unitie and most streight Confederacye, for ever (God willing) happely tendure, so as thei shall mutuallye one of them ayde another in all thinges whiche to themselfes and their honour, and to the conservac&n of their heires and successoures shallbee most agreable, according to the strengthe forme and effecte of the latter Treatie of a straight Amide, bearing date at Westminster the yere of our Lorde God One thousand fyve hundrethe fourtye and twoo, the declaracbn of which Treatye bearethe date at Utreght the Syxtenthe daye of Januarye in the yere of our Lorde God One thousande fyve hundrethe fourtye and syxe.

And in one other [Treatise'] these Articles following: First, That the sayd most noble Prince shall not promote admitt or receyve to any Office Administrac&n or [ Benefitt1 ] in the sayd Realme of Englande, and the Dominions therunto belonging, anye Straunger or [personnesJ] not borne under the Domynion and Subjection of the sayd most noble Quene of Englande: That the sayd most noble Prince shall receive and admit into the Service of his Housholde and Courte Gentlemen and Yeomen of the same Realme of Englande in a convenient numbre, and shall esteme enterteyne and nourishe them as his proper Subjectes, and shall bring none in his Retinue, nor have none withe him that will doo anye displeasure or wrong to the Subjectes of the sayd Realme; and yf they doo, he shall take Order to correcte them withe condigne punishem1 and see them expelled his Courte: That the sayd most noble Prynce shall doo nothing wherby any thing bee innovated in the State and Right, eyther publike or private, or in the Lawes and Customes of the sayd Realme of Englande or the Dominions therunto belonging; but shal contrarye wise, confirme and kepe to all Estates and Ordres their Rightes and Privileges: That the sayd Lorde Prince shall not leade awaye thforesayd most noble Ladye the Quene out of the borders of her Highnes Realme, oneles she her selfe desyre yt, nor carye the Children that shalbe borne of this Matrimonye out of the same Realme of Englande, but to the hope of Succession to come, shall ther suffer them to be nourished and brought uppe, oneles it shalbe otherwise thought good by the consent and agreament of the Nobilytee of Englande; and in cace that no Children being lefte, the said most noble Quene doo dye before him, the sayd Lorde Prynce shall not chalendge any Right at all in the sayd Kingdome, but without any impediment shall permytte the Succession therof to come unto them to whom yt shall belong and apperteine by the Right and Lawes of the sayd Realme: Item, That the sayd most noble Prynce shall not beare or carye over out of the foresayd Realme, the Juelles and precyous thynges of estimacon, neyther shall he alienate or doo awaye any whitt of thappertenaunces of the sayd Realme of Englande, or suffer any part of them to be usurped by his Subjectes or any other; but shall see that all and singuler places of the Realme, and specyallye the Fortes and Frontyers of the same, bee faithefullye kepte and preserved to the use and profitt of the sayd Realme and by the naturall borne of the same; He shall not suffer any Shippe Gonnes Ordin*nces whatsoever of Warre or Defence to bee removed or conveyed out of the sayd Realme, but shall contrarye wyse cause them dylygentlye to bee kepte and renued when nede requyrethe, and shall so provide that the same may allwayes bee readye in their strengthe and force for the defence of the Realme : Item, That the Realme of Englande by occasyon of this Matrymonye, shall not directlye or indirectlye bee entangledd withe the Warre that is betwen the most Victorious Lorde Themprour, Father unto the said Lorde Prynce, and Henrye the Freche King, but he the said Lorde Philippe, as muche as shall lye in him on the behalfe of the sayd Realme of Englande, shall see the Peace betwen the sayd Realmes of Fraunce and Englande observed, and shall gyve no cause of any breache; By whiche Covenaunt the latter Treatyce of a straighter Amytee, shall not bee in any poynte derogated, but the same shall still remayne in his vygour and force: Saving also that on the behalf of his Fatheres other Realmes and Dominions, the sayd Prynce shall have free power to ayde and assyste his most noble Father as he shall thincke best in the Defence of his Landes, and Revendge of the Injuries he hathe receyved : Forasmuche as We yo' most humble and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, have maturelye sincerelye and delyberatelye considered and weyed all and singuler the sayd Covenauntes Grauntes Pacts Treatises and Agreamentes, concerning the sayd most honourable and fortunate Mariage betwen yo' Highnes and the sayd most noble Prince of Spayne, and the Dependances therof, and doe therupon thincke deme and judge the same to be bothe honorable unto yo' Highnes, and comodious unto the C5mon Welthe of this yo' Realme : Therefore Wee Yo' said humble and obedyent Subjectes most humblye pray and beseche your Majestie that lyke as it hath pleased yo' Highnes upon yo' free and naturall zeale and good will that yo have and beare unto this yo' Realme, and to yo' loving Subjectes of the same, to condiscende and agree that all and singler the sayd Grauntes Articles Pactes and Agreamentes concerning the sayd Marryage, should bee revealed opened and declared unto Us yo' sayd loving Subjectes in this yo' Highe Courte of Parlyament; So yt maye also please yo' Majestie for, the more perfitte coroborac&n and strengthe of the said Artycles Grauntes Pactes and Agreamentes, and to thintent that the same maye bee the more inviolablye observed and kepte, That it maye bee enacted by thauthoritee of this pnte Parlyament, That all and singler the sayd Articles Covenauntes Grantes Pactes Treatises and Agreamentes, hadd made and concluded for and concerning the said Marryage betwen yo' Highnes and the sayd Prynce of Spayne, and all and singuler the Dependaunces therof before rehearsed, shall immediatelye after the sayd Marryage hadd and solemnised, stande remayne and abyde in perfect force and efficacye, according to the effecte sence and true meaning of the sayd Treatyse.

1 Treatie 0.

* Benefice O.

5 Parsonc O.

by

A.D. 1554.

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 2.

225

And Where amonges other the Articles above remembredd, yt ys agreed, That the sayd most noble Prynce shall during the sayd Marriage, have and enjoye joyntlye together withe yo' Majestie, the Style Honour and kinglye Name of the sayd Realmes and Domynyons to yo' Highnes apperteyning, and shall also ayde your Highnes being his Wyef in the happye administracbn of yo' Realmes and Domynyons, The [right Lawes Pryvileges and Costomes of the sayd Realmes and Dominions being nevertheles reserved and mayntayned ; And Where also yt ys provided covenaunted and agreed amonges other the sayd Articles in the sayd Treatyse by and on the behalf of the sayd most noble Prynce, That the sayd most noble Prynce shall permitt and suffer yo' most Excellent Majestie to have the whole disposition of all the Benefices and Offices Landes Revenues and Frutes of the sayd Realmes and Domynyons, and that the sayd most noble Prynce shall not doo any thing wherby the Estate and Right, either publyke or pryvate, or the Lawes and Costomes of the sayd Realme of Englande, or the Dominions therunto belonging bee innovated: For the more expres explanatyon and declaration of the premisses, Wee your faithfull loving and obedient Subjectes, doo most humbly beseche yo' Highnes that it maye bee provided enacted and established by thaucthoritee of this pnte Parliament, That yo' Majestie as our onelye Quene, shall and maye solye and as a sole Quene, use have and enjoye the Crowne and Soverayntie of and over yo' Realmes Dominions and Subjectes, withe all the Preheminences Prerogatyves Dignities Authorities Jurisdice&ns Honours Castelles Manoures Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes belonging to the same, in suche sole and onelye estate and in as large and ample maner and fourme in all degrees actes exercises and condicions, from and after the solemnizacion of the sayd Manage, and at all tymes during the same, whiche God grante long to continue and endure, as yo' Highnes now hathe usethe exercysethe and enjoyethe the same, and as yo’ Grace hathe hadd used exercised and enjoyed, or might have hadd used or enjoyed the same before the solemnizacon of the sayd Manage ; without any right title estate claime or demaunde to be geven come or growen unto the sayd most noble Prynce as Tenaunte by the C.urtesye of this Realme, or in or by any other meane by force of the sayd Maryage, of in and to yo' sayd Imperiall Crowne Sovereignetie Realmes Dominions Subjectes Preheminences Prerogatives Dignities Aucthorities Jurisdice&ns Honours Castels Manours Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes belonging to the same, by any Lawes Usage or Custome whatsoever; The sayd Mariage or any Estatute Custome Prescription or other thing to the contrarye in any wyse notwithstanding.

And Yet nevertheles that it maye bee enacted ordeined and established by thaucthoritee of this pnte Parliament, that all and singler Gyftes Grauntes tres Patentes Exchaunges Confirmacions Leases and other Writinges, whiche after the sayd Marriage and during the same shall passe and bee made of the sayd Benefices Offices Landes Revenues and Fruytes or of any of them, shalbe entituled set forth and made in the names of the said most noble Prynce and of yo' most Excellent Majestie, whither the said most noble Prynce shalbe presente within the sayd Realmes and Dominions or within any of them, or absente : And the same Giftes Grauntes tres Patentes Exchaunges Confirmations Leases and other Writinges, so set foorthe and made, shall bee signed and firmed withe the Signe Manuell of yo' Highnes; And the same so signed, and sealed withe the great Seale of this Realme, or withe suche Seale as hathe been accustomed, shall bee by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliament demed adjudged declared and pronounced to be as good perfite and of lyke force strengthe and effecte in the Lawe, to all internes constructions and purposes, against the sayd most noble Prynce, and against yo' Highnes yor heires and successoures, as yf yo' Excellent Majestie hadd been at the tyme of the making therof sole and unmaried: And that all Giftes Grauntes Letters Patentes Exchaunges Confirmations Leases and other Writinges, whiche after the sayd Maryage and during the time of the same, shall passe and bee made of the sayd Benefices Offices Landes Revenues and Frutes or of any of them, wheronto the Signe Manuell of yo' Highnes shall not bee sett made or putt, shalbe by aucthoritee of this pnte Plyament from tyme to tyme demed adjudged accepted taken and decreed to bee of no force ne effect, but utterlye frustrate and voide in the Lawe to all intentes constructor and purposes; The said Mariage or any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And that it maye be also further enacted ordeined and established by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That all Commissions, Instructions Pardons Writtes of Somons Prorogations or Dissolutions of Plyamentes Royall Assentes Adjoumementes of Termes Originall Writtes and other Processe, Instrumentes Lycences [Judicials ’] Actes and all maner Writinges, other then the sayd Gyftes Grauntes Letters Patentes Exchaunges Confirmations Leases and other Writinges concerning or in any wise touching the sayd Benefices Offices Landes Revenues and Fruytes or any of them, after the said Maryage, and during the time of the same, whither the sayd most noble Prynce shalbe present within the said Realmes and Iknions, or within any of them, or absent, after the signing by yo' Majestie of the Warrantes or Writinges of them heretofore used to be signed, shall passe bee set foorthe and made from tyme to tyme in the Names of the sayd most noble Prince, and yo' most Excellent Highnes, by suche Officers and Ministers and in suche maner fourme and order as hath been used and accustomed to passe bee sett fourthe and made in the tyme or tymes of yo' Graces most noble Progenitoures or any of them; and shalbee by thaucthoritee of this pnte Plyament, of the same and lyke Force Strengthe and Effect in the Lawe to all Intentes Construccons and Purposes, as yf yo' most Excellent Majestie were then sole and not maryed : The said Mariage or anye Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided Alwaies, and that it maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That notwithstanding this Acte or any thing therm conteined, yt shalbee lawfull to the Lorde Chauncelour Lorde Treasurer Lorde Pryvye Seale, Lorde Stewarde of the Housholde Lorde Admirall Justices of either Benche, and all other Judges Officers and Ministers of the Courtes of the Chauncerye Thexchequer the Marshalsye Wardesand Liveries the Duchye of Lancaster Thadmiraltie the Presidentes of the Counsailes the Justices of Forestes, and all other Judges Officers and Ministers of this yo' said

II.

For Explanation of certain Parti of the Treatiea,

It is declared that the Queen shall only, and at a sole Queen, enjoy all the Prerogative! and Poueuioni of the Crown, after Marriage at before, without any Title in the Prince, at Tenant by the Courtesy or otherwise.

III.

All Grants of Offices, &c. shall be made in the Name of the Prince and the Queen, and signed by the Queen's Sign Manual;

AD Cranti not to signed shall be void.

IV.

All other Commissions,

Writs of Summons of Parliament, Royal A itents, or other Writs, Processes, 8tc. shall be in their joint Names, after ligning the Warrants by the Queen.

V.

Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, &c. may make certain Leases and Grants in the joint Names of the Prince and the Queen.

1 Rights U.

• Judicial O,

M

22t>

1" Mari*, St. 3. c. 2, 3. 1554.

Realme and Dominions of the same for the tyme being, as well to make Leases and Grauntes in the Names of the sayd noble Prynce and of yor Highnes, of all such yor Majesties Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, not being entier Lordeshipes or Manoures, and of all other thinges within their Order Rule and Surveye, in suche lyke maner and fourme as they or any of them have used or might doo before the making of this Acte by vertue of their said severall Offices and Roomes: So that upon all and every suche Leases the olde accustomed Rentes Fermes or yerelye Profites therof be reserved and payable yerelye during suche Leases, and so that the same Leases exceade not the nomber and terme of twentye and one yeres; And also to doo use and exercise, by themselfes or their Deputies in the sayd Offices and Rowmes, all and every other Acte and thinges whiche they or any of them did or might lawfullye have doon used or exercised by force and vertue of the said Offices or Rowmes before the making of this Acte, as thoughe this Acte hadd never been hadd ne made.

Antiquity of the Bishoprick of Durham;

The Sec dissolved, by an Act 7 K. VI. «. 12.

nt/l printed and the Possessions vested in the King; on the Deprivation of the then Bishop Tunstall s

Recital of Statute 7 E. VI. c. jo. annexing the Town of Gateside to Newcastle;

Sinister Means whereby the said Acts were obtained;

CHAPTER HI.

An Actk for the Repeale of two severall Actes made in the seventhe yere of King Edward the Syxte, touching the dissoluc&n of the Bishoprick of Durham.

WHERE there hathe beene tyme out of mynde of any Man to the contrary, A See of a Bisshoppe of Durham within the Northe Partes of this Realme of Englande, comonlye called the Byshoprick of Durham, whiche hathe beene one of the most auncyentest and worthiest Bishoprickes Dignities and Promocon Spirituall within the sayd Realme, and the same Place Rowme and Dignitie alwayes supplyed and furnished withe a Man of greate Learning and Vertue, the whiche was bothe to the Honour of God, and the increase of his trewe Relygion, and a great suretie to that [Place '] of this Realme ; Nevertheles the sayd Bishoprick, in the Pliament begonne at Westminster the first daye of Marche in the seventhe yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereine Lorde of famous memorye King Edwarde the Syxte, nowe deceassed, and ther holden and continued unto the dissolution of the same. Was without any just cause or consideration, by aucthorite of the sayd Pliament, dissolved extinguished and determined; And further by thaucthorite of the said Pliament, It was ordeined and enacted that the sayd Bishoprick, together with all the ordinarie Jurisdictions therunto apperteining, shoulde be adjudged from the said first daye of the said Pliament, clerelye dissolved extinguished and determined ; And that our said (‘) Sovereine Lorde the King, shoulde from thensfoorthe have holde possede and enjoy to him his heirs and successoures for ever, all and singler Honoures Castelles Manoures Lordeshipes Graunges Meases Landes Tenementes Medowes Pastures Rentes RevercOns Services Wooddes Tithes Pencons PorcOns Personages appropriated Vicaredgges Churches Chappelles Advousons NominacOns Patronages Anuities Rightes Interestes Entrees Conditions Comons Leetes Courtes Lyberties Priveleges Franchisees and other Hereditamentes whatsoever, whiche dyd apperteine or belong to the said Bishopricke of Durham, in as large and ample manner and forme as the late Bishoppe of the said Bishoprick, meaning to be the said late Bishoppe the Reverende Father in God Cutheberte Tunstall nowe Bishoppe of the said Bishoprick who was then supposed to be deprived thereof, or any of his Predecessoures Bishoppes ther held or occupied, or of right ought to have holden or occupied in the right of the sayd Bishoprick, together with all thissues and profites rising coming and growing of the premisses, and of every percell of the same from the tyme of the supposed avoydaunce of the Bishopprick: And further it was by thaucthorite of the sayd Pliament enacted, that all and singler the sayd Honoures Castelles Manoures Landes Tenementes and other the premisses, shoulde bee adjudged and demed in the feall and actuall possession of or said late Sovereine Lorde the King, without any Office or other Inquisition therin to be hadd or taken: as in and by the said Acte of pliament amongest other things playnly dothe and maye appeare: And Where also in the said Pliament, by one other Acte of Pliament, It was ordeined and established by aucthoritie of the same, that the Towne of Gateside, and all the Inhabitauntes of the said Towne, that then were or hereafter shoulde bee, and a percell of Grounde called the Sake Medowes, joyning to the said Towne of Gateside, and harde uppon the River ther, and the whole Water and Bridge belonging or apperteining to the said Towne of Gateside, then being percell of the possessions of the said Bishoprick, and also of the Liberties and Countie Palantine of Durham aforesaid, shoulde bee frome thensforthe severed and devided from the said Bishoprick, and from the Liberties and Countie Palatine of the same, and from thensforthe shoulde bee united and annexed unto the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, and to be taken demed and judged to be within the Countie and Sheire of the said Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, and to be reputed and taken as part parcell and member of the said Towne of Newcastell, and that the Inhabitantes of the said Towne of Gateside shall bee under the Rule Gouvemement and Correction of the Maiour and Burgesses of the sayd Towne of Newcastell, as other Inhabitantes of the said Towne of Newcastell then were or of right ought to bee; As in and by the said other Acte amongest other thinges more at large dothe and maye appeare: The whiche severall Actes and Statutes were compassed and brought to passe, in the tender yeres and minoritie of our said late Sovereine Lorde the King, by the sinister labour great malice and corrupte means of certayn Ambitious Persons then being in aucthoritee, reither for to enriche themselves and their frendes with a greate parte of the possessions of the said Bishoprick, then upon just occasion or godlye zeale : And although the said Deprivation of the said Reverend Father from the said Bishoprick, proceded onelye upon untrewe surmises and false accusations of suche as were partlye entised and provoked therunto by the sinistree and corrupte labour of the said Ambitious peons, as it hathe sithens upon deliberate and mature examination of the cause of the said Deprivation before divers the Quenes Highnes Comissioners by force of her Highnes Comission, manifestlye and playnlye appered

' parte O.

•late 0.

I

A.D. 1554.

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 3.

227

it

i

if

n

v

i

t

Wherupon the said Sentence of Deprivaf&n prononced against the said Bishoppe, is clerlye repelled reversed and made frustrate to all internes and purposes, As by a certayn instrument authentike more at large dothe appeare; And albeit also yt hathe pleased the Quenes most excellent Majestie of her most godly zeale and vertuous disposition to erecte and establishe agayn by her most gratious tres patentes the said Bishoprick of Durham, and hathe endowed also the same withe all suche Honours Manours Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes as were in her Highnes handes and possession by force of the said twoo severall Actes; And hathe by the said letters patentes gyven and disposed the sayd Bishoprick and the sayd Possessions unto the sayd Reverend Father in God Cuthberte now Bishoppe of Durham and to his successoures: Yet the sayd Reverende Father in God Cuthbert nowe Bishoppe of Durham, notwithstanding the repeale of the said sentence of [the priva66n,'] cannot by vertue therof, nor by force of the said tres patentes, have possesse and enjoy to him and to his successoures all and singler Honoures Manoures Landes Tenementes Privileges Roialdes Liberties Franchesies and other Hereditamentes, the whiche did belong unto the said Bishoprick before the making of the sayd twoo severall Estatutes, in as large and ample maner as he did or ought or shoulde have done yf the sayde twoo severall Estatutes hadd not been made: For that the sayd twoo severall Estatutes remayne yet in their perlite force and effecte: In considerac&n of all whiche premisses, Be yt therefore enacted ordeined and established by the Quene our Sovereine Ladie by thassent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this {5nte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That the said twoo severall Estatutes or Actes of Pliament, and either of them, and all and every Branches Articles Clauses Sentences and Matters in the said severall Estatutes or Actes of Pliament and in either of them conteined, shalbee from hensfonhe adnichilated repealed and utterly voide and of none effecte to all intentes construcc&ns and purposes, aswell against our sayd Soverayne Ladie the Quene her heires and successoures, as against all other psone and parsones bodies polityke and corporate and every of them, as thoughe the said severall Estatutes or Actes of Pliament or either of them hadd never been hadd or made; Any thing or things in the same Actes or either of them conteined to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

And Be it also further ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritie aforesayd, That there shalbee as well from the last day of Februarie in the seventhe yere of the raigne of our sayd late Sovereine Lorde as from hensforthe, a Bishoprick and See named and called by the name of the Bishoprick of Durham, and that the said Bishoprick of Durham before extinguished by force of the said first Acte of Pliament, shalbee now by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament fully and whollye revived erected and have his being, in like maner and fourme to all intentes and purposes as it was of olde time used and accustomed before the making of the sayd severall Actes or either of them, and as thoughe the sayd severall Actes or either them hadd never been made ; And that there shall from the sayd last daye of Februarie in the said seventhe yere, and now fromhensfoorthe, continue and bee annexed united incorporated and joyned to the same Bishoprick, as well all and syngler the same Episcopall Ecdesiasticall and Ordinarye Jurisdictions Preheminencis Dignities and Aucthorities, as all and singler suche and the same Temporall Aucthorities Preheminencies Jurisdictions Lyberties Franchesies Prerogatives Roiall Jura Regalia Countie Palatine Rightes Titles and Interestes of what Natures Kindes Sortes and Qualitees soever thei bee; And that also ther shall bee united annexed incorporated and joyned unto the said Bishoprick, aswell the said Towne of Gateside, the sayd Sake Meadowes Water and Bridge, as all and singler Honoures Castelles Manoures Lordeshippes Granges Meases Landes Tenements Meadowes Pastures Rentes Reversions Services Woodes Tithes Pensions Portions Parsonages appropriated Vicaredges Churches Chappelles Advousons Nominac&ns Patronages Annuitees Entrees Condie&ns C5mons Leetes Courtes Forfeitures Amerciamentes and other Possessions and Hereditamentes whatsoever, whiche were belonging or apperteining to the said late Bishoprick, or were parte parcell or a member of the possessions of the said late Bishoprick, the fourtenthe daye of September in the six the yere of the raigne of our said late Sovereine Lorde the King, the sayd severall Estatutes or Actes of Pliament or any thing in them or either of them conteined, or any grauntes letters patentes confirmac&ns erections or other devises made by our sayd late Sovereine Lorde the King, sithen the said fourtenthe daye of September, in any wise notwithestanding.

And Be it further ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the said Reverend Father in God Cuthebert Tonstall now called Bishoppe of Durham aforesayd, shall aswell from the sayd Fourtenthe day of September in the said sixte yere of our said late Sovereine Lorde the King as from hensfoorth, be denied taken and adjudged Bishoppe of the said Bishoprick of Durham : And also that the sayd Reverende Father in God shall have holde possede and injoye to him and to his successours Bishoppes of Durham aforesayd, as in the Right of the sayd Bisshopricke for ever, all and singler the sayd Episcopall Ecdesiasticall Spiritual! and Ordinarie Jurisdictions Preheminences Dignities and Aucthorities, And the sayd Towne of Gateside Salte Meadowes Water and Bridge, and all and singler the said Honours Castelles Manours Lordeshippes Granges Meases Landes Tenementes Meadowes Pastures Rentes Reversions Services Wooddes Tithes Pentions Portions Parsonages appropriated Vicaredges Churches Chappelles Advousones Nominations Patronages Annuitees Rightes Interestes Entrees Condi£&ns Comons Leetes Courtes Liberties Privilegies Franchesies Prerogatives Roiall Countie Palatine Jura Regalia Forfeitures, and all other possessions and hereditamentes whatsoever, in as lardge and ample maner and fourme to all intentes construcc&ns and purposes, as the said Reverend Father in God, as Bishoppe of the said late Bishoprick of Durham aforesayd, hadd helde or enjoyed, or ought or might lawfully have hadd holden or enjoyed, the same in the said xiiij daye of September in the sixthe yere aforesaid; The said supposed Deprivac&n pronounced against him. or the sayd severall Estatutes or Actes of Pliament or either of them to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Deprivation O.

Sentence of Deprivation of the Bishop repealed, and the Bithoprick restored to him, by Letter* Patent*.

The Two recited Act* repealed.

II.

The Bithoprick revived ; and all Franchises and Possession;, and the uid Town of Gatetide, Sec. re-annexed thereto.

111.

The Bithop restored to hit Jurisdiction and Possessions.

‘228

1° Marine, St.3. c.3.

A.D. 1554.

iv.

The Bishop may receive all Profit!, and maintain Actions, &c.

V.

All Spiritual and Temporal Rights and Possessions vested in the said Bishop.

VI.

No First Fruits payable on such Restoration.

vi r.

General Saving of K'glitsofSlrangers.

VIII.

The Nomination to the Bislioprick, and the Tenths and Temporalliet duringthc Vacation,

the Crown.

IX.

And that the said Reverende Father shall and may have levie take and [perceyve1] to his onely use and profitt all the Rentes Revenues Issues Comoditeis Emolumentes Casualteis and Profittes whatsoever, of suche parsone or parsones and in whos handes soever the same remayne, whiche have come growen or risen of for or by reason of the sayd Bisshopricke and other the Premisses or of any part or parcell of the same, sithens the said fourtenthe daye of September: And that he shall have all and singler the same and lyke advauntages remedies actions and suites for the levieng recoverie and obieining of the said Rentes revenues issues commoditees emolumentes casualties and profittes, as the sayd Reverend Father shoulde have had or used for the recoverie levieng and obtayning of the same if the same Bishopricke had still continued and had his being, in his Handes and Possession as Bisshoppe therof, and as thoughc the said supposed Deprivactm and the said severall Actes or Statutes or either of them had never been hadd or made.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That as well all and singler the foresayd Episcopall Ecclesiasticall Spirituall and Ordinarie Jurisdice&ns Preheminences and Aucthoritees, as the said Temporall Jurisdictions Aucthoritees Honours Castelles Manours Lordeshippes Granges Meases Landes Tenementes Rents Revercons Services Advousons Parsonages Patronages Tithes Penc&ns Portions Rightes Entrees Condic&ns Jura Regalia Liberties Prerogatives Royall Countie Palatine Franchesies and Hereditamentes, and the sayd Towne of Gatesyde and all other ther premisses, with all and singler theyre appurtenaunces, shalbee adjudged and demed to be in the actuall and reall possession and season of the said Reverende Father Cuthbert Tunstall as Bishoppe of the said Bishoprick of Durham, aswell against our said Sovereine Lady the Quene her heires and successoures as against all other psone or parsones bodyes politike and corporate : And that the sayd Reverende Father shalbee adjudged and demed Incobent and Bysshoppe of the sayd Bishoprick, alwayes from the sayd Fourtenthe daye of September hitherto, as thoughe the sayd Actes or Acte of Pliament Deprivac&n or any other let occasion or impediment hadde never been had made or doone.

And Bee it further ordeined and enacted by thaucthoritye aforesayd, That aswell the said Reverend Father his executours and administratours, as the said Bishopricke, shall bee discharged against our said Sovereine Ladye the Quene her heires and successoures of the Firste Fruites of the said Bishoprick, and the possessions of the same, by reason of this Acte or Estatute.

Saving to all and and every persone and persons bodies politike and corporate, and their heires & successours, and the heires and successoures of every of them, (Other then our sayd Sovereyne Ladye the Quene her heires and successoures, and the Maior and Burgesses of the said Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and their successoures assignees, and suche persone and persones as pretende to have any of the foresaid Manoures Landes Tenementes Rentes Annuitees Offices Comons Liberties and other Hereditamentes or any of them, or any parte or parcell of them, or any Rentes Offices Fees or other Profites going or issuing out of the sayd Manours and other the Premisses or any parcell of them, or any title or interest in or to the same by the Gyfte Grante or Grantes of our sayd late Sovereine Lorde King Edwarde the sixthe or by his Patentee or Patentees, or by the Gifte Grante or Grantes of the said Maior and Burgesses, or of any of them, and other then suche as clayme by or under the title of our said late Sovereine Lorde the King, by reason of the sayd Actes of Pliament or either of them sithens the sayd fourtenthe day of September,) All suche Right Title Interest Possession Rentes Chardges Rentes Services Annuitees Leases Fermes Offices Pentions Portions Lyvinges Lyvereis Corrodies Comons Lyberties Franchesies Fees Sinodes Proxies, or other profittes, whiche they or any of them have or may clayme ought may or might have hadd in or too the premisses or any part or parcell thereof, in suche like maner forme and condic&n to all intentes respectes constructions and purposes as they hadd enjoyed might ought or should have hadd or enjoyed, before the foresaid fourtenthe day of September in the sixthe yere abovesaid, and as yf thaforesaid Actes of Pliament or Estatutes hadd never been had ne made.

Phovided always and Be yt further ordeined and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That our Sovereine Ladie the Quene her heires and successours, shall at all and every time and times when the said Bishoprick shall hereafter become voide, have the nomination preferrement and gifte of the said Bishoprick in like maner and fourme as her Highnes her heires or successoures may or ought to doo withe any other Bishoprick within this Realme : And also shall from the sayd fourtenthe daye of September in the sayd sixthe yere, have yerely the Tenthes of the Premisses and suche other like Rentes Services Comoditees and Profittes as shoulde have been payed doone or made for the premisses or any parte therof, to our said late Sovereyne Lord the King or to our said Sovereine Ladye the Quene, as yf the sayd Bishoprick had still continued in his being not dissolved, and as thoughe the sayd Reverend Father had continued still Bisshoppe therof: And that at every Avoidance of the said Bishoprick from hensforthe, our sayd Sovereine Ladye the Quene her heires and successoures shall have the meane profittes of the said Bishoprick during every Vacacion therof, and the First Fruites of the said Bishoprick and of the Possessions therof, in lyke maner and fourme as her Highnes or her heires or successoures shoulde or ought to have hadd for the sayd Bishoprick, and as yf the same Bishoprick hadd never byn dissolved or extinguished : Any thing or thinges in the said twoo former Actes of pliament, or in either of them, or in this presente Acte of Pliament conteined, to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be it further ordeined and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this pnte Acte of Pliament, or any thing therin conteyned, shall not by any maner of meanes extende to restore unto the sayd Reverend Father and to his successoures Bishoppes of Durham aforesayd, One Capitall Mesuage or Mansion Howse called Coldherborowe, sett

receyve 0.

A.D.\554.

]° Marii, St.3. c.3, 4.

229

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

P

I

i

k

k

i

k

9

I

I

V

i

11

k

i

k

i

k

i

i

k

k«

and being in Thamis Strete, in the Parishe of All Hallowes the Lesse, within the Cytye of London, or to the Houses Buildings Landes Gardaynes Orteyardes Comodittees and Profittes to the said Capitall Mesuage belonging or appertaining ; Or to fyve Mesuages or Tenementes with all Sellers Sollers Shoppes Gardeines and Orteyardes therunto belonging, with their appurtenaunces, set and being in the Parishe of Alhallowes Barking within the said Citye of London j (') to three Mesuages or Tenementes, with all Sellers Sollers and Gardaynes therunto belonging, withe their appurtenaunces, sett and being in the Parishe of Graschurche in London aforesaid or any of them ; All whiche sayd Capitall Mesuage and other the premisses sett and being within the said Citie of London, were in the possessions or occupacbn of the sayd Reverend Father or his assignes in the said fourtenth day of September in the said sixthe yere of our saide late Soverein Lord the King; Nor that this said Acte nor any thing therin conteined, shall not in any wise extende to unite or joyne the said Capitall Mesuage, and other the said Meases Tenementes and other the said premisses set and being in the saide Citie of London, to be parte parcell or member of the said Bishoprick of Durham ; nor shall bee in any wise hurtfull or prejudiciall unto Frances now Earle of Shreusburye his heires or assignes; But that the said Earle his heires and assignes shall and maye have holde and enjoye the same Capitall Messuage or Mansion House called Coldeherborowe, and all other the sayd Messuages Houses Tenementes and Hereditamentes and every part and parcell of them last before remembred, and being within the said Citie of London, against the sayd Bishoppe and his successoures, in as large and ample maner and fourme as the said Capitall Messuage and other the said premisses within the said Citie, sithens thaforesaid time of the dissolution or extinguishement of the said Bishoprick were gyven and granted unto the sayd Earle his heires and assignes by our said late Soverayn Lord King Edwarde the Sixthe, by his tres patentes under his Great Seale of Englande, according to the true purporte intent and effecte of the said tres patentes, and in like maner and forme as he or they should or might have doone yf this pnte Acte hadd never been hadd or made; Any thing in the said Acte conteyned to the contrary notw'standing. In Recompence and for satisfactiin of the whiche House called Coldeherborowe and of other the sayd Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes so gyven and assured unto the said Earle of Shreusburye, The sayd Reverend Father in God most humbly besechethe the Quenes most Excellent Majestie, that it may lyke the same to assigne gyve and dispose unto the said Bishoppe and to his successoures, such other House Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, of lyke valewe and goodnes as shall seme unto Her Highnes to bee mete and convenient, thassurance of the whiche recompence, after it shall bee lymited and assigned by our sayd Sovereine Ladye the Quene, shalbe at thonely costes and chardges of the sayd Bisshoppe of Durham or of his successoures; Any thing before remembred to the contrary notwithestanding.

Mansion House and Messuages in London, granted to the Earl of Shrewsbury, shall remain rested in him, and not be restored to the Bishoprick.

For which a Recompence is prayed to be assigned to the Bishop by the Crown.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for thestablishing of thoffice of the L. Steward of the Quenes Majesties most Honourable Housholde.

WHERE in the Session of Pliament holden at Westminster the [thoo and thertye *] yere of the raigne of the late King of most famous Memory King Henry the Eight, It was amongest other thinges, withe thassent of the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and the C5mons in the said Pliament assembled, enacted and established, that Charles late Duke of Suffolk then having thoffice of Create Maister of the Kings Housholde or Grande Maister D'Hostell du Roye, and all other who after that time should have the sayd Office, by those Names or any of them should have use and enjoye all suche and singuler Preeminence Aucthoritees Privileges and Jurisdictions, in as large and ample maner fashion fourme and condic&n as the Lorde Stuarde of the Kings Housholde by vertue of thoffice, and in name of Lorde Stuarde hadd used or ought to have used or hadd, by reason of any Custome Usages Statutes or Comon Lawes of this Realme, and as yf the sayd Duke and suche other as should have the sayd Office had been called and named Lorde Stewarde of the Kings Housholde, as more plainlye at large may appeare by the sayd Statute: Forasmuche as it hathe now pleased the Quenes Majestie to reduce alter and chaunge the name of the Create Maister of her Highnes most honourable Housholde or Grand Maister D'Hostell du Roy, into the name of the sayd Lorde Stuarde of her most honourable Housholde, and therupon hathe granted and gyven the sayd Office of Lord Stewarde of her sayd most honourable Householde unto her right trustye and entierly beloved Cosyn and Councellour Henry Earle of Arundell, and hathe ordeined named and appointed him to be called Lorde Stewarde of her honourable Housholde: That it may please her Highnes it be enacted ordeined and established by thassent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That the sayd Statute made in the sayd xxxij"* yere concerning the Jurisdiction of the Greate M' of the Kings Housholde, and every Branche Clause Article and Sentence in the same conteyned shall bee from hensforthe frustrate voide and of none effecte.

And Furthermore that it bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforsayd, That thaforsayd Henry Earle of Arundell during the tyme that he shall have the sayd Office of Lorde Stewarde, and all other who hereafter shall have the said Office by that name, shall have use and enjoy all suche and singler Preheminences Aucthorities Privileges and Jurisdictions, in as large and ample maner fashion fourme and condition as the I.orde Stewarde of the Kings Housholde, by vertue of that Office and name of Lorde Stewarde, hadd used or ought to have used or hadd at any time before the sayd Statute made in the sayd xxxij yere of the said late King Henry theight, or before the constituting creatiOn or making of any suche Officer of the Greate M' of the Kings Housholde or Graunde Maister D’Hostell du Roye, or at any time sithens the said xxxij yere of the sayd late King Henry theight, by reason of any Statute or Statutes Law Custome or Prescription

1 or 0. • xxxij"' 0.

Recital of Statute 31 H.VIII. c.39. establishing the Office of Grand Master of the Household

That Office reduced, and a Lord Steward appointed by the Queen;

Recited Act repealed.

1L

Jurisdiction of such Lord Steward revired. See.

3 N

L. 0

<230

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1554.

therof hadd or made: And that the sayd Henrye Earle of Arundell, during the time that he shall have the said Office, and all other after him having the sayd Office, shall and maye as fullye and absolutely use exersice occupie have and enjoy the sayd Office, with all and singuler the said Preheminences Aucthoritees Privileges and Jurisdice&ns, aswell after and during the Mariage of her said Highnes, as he or they might or shoulde have doone before the sayd Mariage, and that by the name of Lorde Stewarde of her most honourable Housholde, by what name or names soever the Courte Pallayce or House of her Highnes and her Husbandes shalbee called; Any Lawe Usage or any other thing or things to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

Recital of the Tenor of an Act Mary, Seas. 2. nu.31. [notprinted,"]

The Causeway

brtween

Shaftesbury and Sherborne shall be repaired by the Owners of Lands adjoining.

Justices of Peace shall make Orders for such Repairs, and the Expences thereof to be raised by Rates, &c.

Recoverable by Distress.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the continuac&n of a Statute made for the repairing of Shirbourne Causeye.

WHERE in the Parliament begunne and holden at Westminster the fifthe daye of October in the first yere of the Raigne of our Sovereyne Ladye Quene Marye, in the seconde and last Session of the same Pliament ther holden upon prorogacon the xxiiij of October then next following, and ther continued and kept untill the dissoluC&n of the same Pliament, being the syxthe daye of December then next ensuing; amongest other things One Acte was made and provided, for and concerning the making repairing and amending of the Comon Highewaye and Cawsey in the Counties of Dorsett and Somersett, betwen the Townes of Shaftesburye and Shirebourne, in the same Countye of Dorsett; The tenor of whiche Acte here followen in theis woordes ensuing

" Whehe it is evident that the Comon Highewaye called the Cawsey, paved withe Stone in the Counties of Dorsett and Somersett, betwen the Townes of Shaftesburye and Shirebourne in the same Countye of Dorsett, ys nowe in greate decaye, to the greate hurte and daunger of all people whiche of necessite must dayly passe that waye in joumeis and withe their Cariages: For Remedy wherof, because it ys thought meete that the chardges of the making repairing and amending of the same Highewaye and Causeye, being in length twelf miles, shoulde bee borne by the Owners Tenantes Fermours and Inhabitauntes of the Manoures Landes Tenementes and Parishes heng nighe to the sayd Cawseye and Highewaye on either syde of the same, by the Owners Tenauntes Fermours and Inhabitauntes of the Townes of Shaftisburye and Shirbourne; Be it therefore enacted by aucthoritee of this pnt Pliament, That the sayd Highewaye and Cawsey shall from hensforthe from time to time be made repaired and amended by the Owners Tenauntes and Fermoures of the Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes heng nighe to the sayd Cawseye and Highewaye on either side of the same, and by thinhabitantes of and within the sayd Townes of Shaftesburye ande Shirbourne, and by the Owners Tenantes and Fermoures of the Manours Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, and by thinhabitantes of and within the Forest of Gillingham, and Lyberties of Gillingham and Alcetter, and the Hundredes of Redlane and Shirbourne in the sayd Countie of Dorsett, and of the Hundredd of Horethorne in the sayd Countie of Somersett.

" And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the Justices of the Peace aswell of the said Counde of Dorsett as of the said Countie of Somersett for the time being, from time to time, aswell in their Quarter Sessions as otherwyse, shall have full powre and aucthoritee to call before them, or before foure of them at the least, wherof twoo to bee of the Quorum, the said Owners Tenantes Fermours and Inhabitantes, and all other suche persone and persones as by this Acte as ys aforesayd shalbe bounde to repayre and amende the said Cawseye and Highewaye, or such or so many of them as to the same Justices of the Peace or foure of them at the least, wherof twoo to bee of the Quorum, shall bee thought most meete and convenient; and therupon to take suche reasonable orders and directions from time to tyme for and concerning the making repayring and amendeinent of the said Highewaye and Cawseye, and for the charges therof to make from time to tyme suche assessementes and taxations of money or otherwise upon the sayd Owners Tenantes Fermoures and Inhabitantes, and all other such persone and persons as by this Acte as is aforesayd shalbe bounde to repayre and amende the said Cawseye and Highewaye, having goodd and indifferent respecte to the severall habilitees of them and every of them, as to the said Justices of the Peace or foure of them at the least, wherof twoo to bee of the Quorum, shalbe thought most meete expedient and convenient; and that it shalbe lawfull to the same Justices of the Peace or to foure of them at the least, wherof twoo to be of the Quorum, to put and sett paines aswell for the observacon and perfourmance of the said Ordinance and Directions, as also for the payment and levieng of suche money and other things as shall be taxed or assessed, or wherof any order shalbe made in fourme aforesayd, and to sett order for accompte to be made yerely of suche somes of money and other things as shalbee levied and gathered for and to the reparac&n and amendement of the said Highewaye and Cawseye, and before whom and to whom the said accompte shalbe made; and that the same Orders and Directions shalbe entred and enrolled of Recorde by the Clercke of the Peace for the tyme being, aswell of the sayd Countie of Dorsett as of the sayd Countie of Somersett, in the Rolles of Sessions of the same Counties, to thintent that processe maye be made against suche persone and persones as shall withstande breake or disobeye any of the Orders Decrees Ordinances Taxaetms or Assessementes to be made concerning the Premisses in fourme aforesaid, the forfeitures of whiche paynes and penalties to goo to the making repairing and amendement of the sayd Highewaye and Cawseye.

" And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That for not perfourming of the said Orders Directions and Ordinances, and for the levieng of the sayd Taxations and Assessementes, yt shalbe lawfull to distrayne and take Distresses, and to use the same Distresses in suche wise as, in other cases where Distresses doo lye by the Lawes of this Realme, hathe and may bee doone and used.

iltSf

A.D. 1554.

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 5,6

231

k

k

a

['

ii

" And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Dorsett and Somersett doe refuse to put this Act in execuc&n in maner and fourme aforesayd, according to the fourme and true meaning of the same Acte, that then the Lorde Chancellour of Englande or the Keper of the Create Seale of Englande for the tyme being, upon request to bee made to him, shall and may make foorthe C5mission or Comissions under the Greate Seale of Englande, to suche discrete parsones as to him shall be thought mete and convenient to put this pnte Acte in execuc&n in every parte therof, according to the intent and true meaning therof.

" And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the same Comissioners shall and may have full power and aucthoritye to put the same in execuc&n accordingly in every parte thero.f, in suche fourme and sorte as to them shall seeme mete and convenient, and as the sayd Justices of Peace of the said Countyes of Dorsett and S5mersett by vertue of this Acte shoulde or might doo, according to the fourme effecte and true meaning of the same Acte."

Whiche Acte was made to endure unto the ende of the next Pliament; as by the same Acte more playnly appearethe.

On Neglect of Justices,

Lord Chancellor may appoint Commissioners.

Power of such Commissioners.

Forasmuch as the said Acte ys good and beneficiall for the C5mon Weale of this Realme ; Be it therefore ordeined Rtcl'tcdej^" and enacted by thaucthorite of this presente Pliainent, That the said Acte touching and concerning the making repairing Ten Yeara. and amendment of the sayd Highewaye and Causeye betwen the said Townes of Shaftesburye and Shirbourne, and all Clauses and Articles conteined in the same Acte, according to the sayd tenor therof here before resited, shall continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and be observed and kept in all things untill the ende of tenne yeres next ensuing thende of this present Parliament.

K

a

a

d

ii

M

K

i) k

m

m

m

ii

ks

si

tl

fc'

k*

n

i*

d*

o'

tf

d*

O'

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the repairing of a Cawseie betwext Bristowe and Gloucestre.

WHEREAS the Quenes Highe waye leading betwen the Cities of Bristowe and Gloucester having been heretofore well repayred by the devoc&n of dyvers good people, ys now fallen into suche decaye withe slowghes waters and holes in most places, as neither people horse nor cariage without greate daunger can now passe ther: By reason wherof many people withe their waynes cartes horses and cariage have been and bee marredd perished maimed and killed dyvers tymes, forasmuche as the people labouring betwen the sayd twoo Cityes have none other so convenient a waye as that, yf yt were repayred : It maie therfore bee enacted by thaucthoritee of this Pliament, that thinhabirantes of the Countie of the Citie of Glocestre and of the C.ountie of the Citie of Bristowe, within their severall lyberties, and thinhabitantes of the Hundredes of Barton next Bristowe Gromboll Ashe Barckeleye Whitestone Thomeburye and Hendburye within the Countie of Glocestre, for their severall lymites and Hundredes, shall be chardged withe the amending and reparac&n of the said waye or Causeye from tyme to tyme hereafter: And that the Justices of Peace of the said Countie or three of them at the least, dwelling within the severall Cities aforesayd, for their Liberties, and three other Justices of Peace of the sayd Countie of Glocestre, dwelling within every of the sayd severall Hundredes, or nigheste to the same, and Highe Constables of the said Hundredes, for their severall Hundredes, maye and shall by vertue of this Acte, at every Session of Peace to be holden in the said Countie next after the feast of Christmas yerelv during theis syxe yeres, rate and sesse every of the sayd Hundredes at suche a convenient portion or some of moneye as shallbee by them thought sufficient for the due reparac&n of the sayd Cawseye, and for. the charges of the Overseers of the same. And that the sayd Justices and Highe Constables by vertue of this pnte Acte shall from time to tyme yerely, during the said terme of syxe yeeres, appointe rate and sesse the inhabitantes of the same, and also appoint Collectoures and Overseers for the due levieng of the money and making of the sayd waye, and that all and every of the sayd inhabitantes shall beare pay and contrybute their severall rates and porc&ns as the said Justices and Highe Constables shall severally appointe and determyne: And that the sayd Collectoures and Overseers shall at the feast of S' Mighell tharchaungell yerely yelde and make a true and perfectte accompte in writing before the said Justices and Highe Constables or such other as they shall appointe ther, for the tyme wherin reasonable wages for all necessarye Ministers shalbe allowed by the sayd Justices, upon the payne that he that shall neglecte or refuse to doo any thing to him apperteyning that ys before lymited, shall forfeite for every time Fyve poundes, thone halfe to the Queenes Highnes use her heires and successoures, the other moytie to him that will sue for the same, by Action Bill Plaint or otherwise, wherin no essoigne wager of lawe or protection shall bee allowed.

And further that it may bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the sayd Highe waye may be made new as good and substancyall on thisside the feast of the Nativitee of our Lorde God whiche shalbee in the yere of our Lorde One Thousande fyve hundrethe fyftye and seven, at the costes and chardges of thinhabitantes aforesaid, and to be well syded pitched and bottomed withe stones and other worckmanshippe and guttered for [avoiding *J of Waters.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That as well thinhabitantes of the sayd Cities of Bristowe and Gloucestre and of the Counties of the same Cyties within their severall Lyberties, as thinhabitantes of the sayd Hundredes above named within the sayd Countye of Gloucester, shall yerely from tyme to tyme during the sayd terme of syxe yeeres paye unto the sayd Collectoures upon reasonable warning. All such somes of money as shalbe rated and taxed by the said Justices and Highe Constables within their sayd severall lymites, in payn of forfeiture of everye suche persone as refuse this to doo, Fourtye shillinges, to be levied to thuse aforesayd, in maner and fourme above recited: This Acte tendure but for Syxe yeres nexte ensewing.

1 voyding O.

Highways between Gloucester and Bristol shall he repaired by the Inhabitants of the Counties of the Cities of Gloucester and Bri.tol, and of certain Hundreds in Gloucestershire, under Direction of the Justices, who may lery Rates for that Purpose.

11.

To be completed before Christmas «JJ7-

III.

Penalty on refuting to pay Rates.

232

1° Maria:, St. 3. c,7, 8,

A.D. 1554,

Worcester, and other Places sustained by Clothmaking, injured by the Provisions of St.

5 4c 6 E.VI. c. 8.

Inhabitants of Corporations or Market Towns in England, mar make Cloth of the Assise required by 5 sc 6 E.VI. c.6. without Restraint by 5 4c 6 E.VI. c. 8.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte touching Cloth making in Corporate Townes and Market Townes.

XT THERE the Citye of Worcester and divers other Cities Borowghes and Townes Corporate within the Realme of V V Engfande, of long time have bene upholden repay red and onely maintayned by making of Broade Clothes called Long Clothes Short Clothes and Couloured Clothes, and the Citizens Freemen and thinhabitantes of the same Cities Townes and Borowes Corporate, have therby bene greatly enriched, and the poore people and handyecraftes men of the same and the Contreis adjoyning dayly sett a woorcke, as Weavers Walkers Fullers Fulling Mill-men Sheremen and Dyers Forcers of Wolles Casters of Wolles and Sorters of Wolles Spinners Carders and Spullars of Yarne, and have had their onely lyving therby; tyll nowe of late in the fifthe yere of the Rayne of our late Sovereyne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe, that an Estatute was made, that no Man shoulde occupye Clothe making, ne put any brode Clothe or Clothes to weaving or making, except he hath bene Aprentice to Clothe making by the space of seven yeres, or elles have occupyed and practised Clothe making by the space of seven yeres or more, under payne of*forfeyture of great penaltyes in the same Estatute limited; By reason wherof dyvers and many good Clothiers dwelling in the said Cities and Townes Corporate, whiche hadd occupied and made Clothe by the space of fyve or syxe yeres, and some which have maried Clothiers Wyves whiche hadd occupied Clothe making by the space of twentye yeres before, by reason of the same Estatute have been enforced to leave off and clearly discontynewe their Clothe making, to their great Impoverishment and to the utter undoing of a great nomber of poore people and handycraftesmen whiche dayly hadd their lyving by the said Clothiers: And Forasmuche as the perfect and principall grounde of Clothmaking ys the true sorting of Wolles, and thexperience therof consistethe onely in Women, as Clothiers Wives and their Women Servantes and not in Apprentices, they be therby verye lyke to bee utterlye undone for ever, oneles spedye remedy be therin provided : In consideration wherof, be it enacted established and ordeined by the Quenes most Excellent Ma1', withe thassent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same Pliament, That every persone or persones inhabiting in any of the sayd Cities Borowes or Townes Corporate, or in Market Townes within the Realme of Englande, where Clothe making at any tyme before the making of the sayd Acte hathe been used, shall or may from hensforthe lawfully make all maner of Brode Clothes aforesayd, and put them to weaving walking fulling dyeng and shearinge, without any Impediment, so that the same Clothes be substantially made, bearing lawful lengthe breadthe and waight, according to the Statute for goodd and trewe Clothe making made in the fifthe yere of the Raigne of our sayd late Soverayn Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe; Any Article or Clause in the sayd former Estatute, or any other Estatute for Clothe making made to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

Recital of Statute 5*. <5 E.VI. c.ij. against ingrotsing tannned Leather;

Inconveniences

thereof;

Curriers, 6cc. may-bur tanned Leather in Fairs, fee. but not to be exported

Recited Act repealed at to Curriers, See.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte touching the buieng and corrieng of Leather.

WHERE at the Parliament holden at Westminster upon Prorogation the fyftethe daye of Aprill, in the sixte yere of the Raigne of our late Sovereine Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, it was amongest other thinges enacted, that no persone or persones of what estate degree or condition soever he or they bee, should buy engrosse or cause to to be bought or engrossed any kinde of tanned Leather to sell the same agayn, saving onelye Sadlers Gyrdelers Cordeweiners and certayn other Artificers, as by the same Acte more playnelye maye appeare: Sithens the making wherof, forasmuche as many poore Artificers as Shoomakers and Coblers, who afore that might buy from tyme to tyme their Stuffe of the Corrier, ready provided and wrought sufficientlye, and to buy the same at a price reasonable, and nowe being very poore Men and not able to buye twoo or three Hides or Backes of Leather at one tyme, nor to paye readye moneye for the same, arre enforced to gyve upp their Occupations in greate nomber, to their utter empoverishement and undooing: And forasmuche also as sythens the making of the sayd Estatute, All kinde of Stuffe made of Leather ys more slenderlye and deceiptfullye wrought and made then ever it was, and neverthelesse as deare or dearer, wherby it maye appeare that the sayd former Acte was procured for the synguler comodite of a fewe riche Shoomakers and other Artificers that arre nowe comon Regratoures and Engrossers of Leather, who without respecte of perfecte woorckmanshippe, either of the Comonwealthe, whiche is well perceyved bothe in meiies purses and also in their shoes, thexperience is well proved, they having thonelye trade of buieng of Leather Stuffe and Talowe in their handes, and notwithestanding, doo delyver to the Corrier so little Stuffe and Talowe, wherby the Leather cannot bee sufficientlye wrought. And forasmuche as the Corners arre by divers lawes bounden to the sufficient woorckemanshippe and corrieng of Leather upon divers paynes wher they maye buye no Leather nor the Shoomaker will not allowe them sufficientlye to doo the same: Be it therefore enacted, that from hensforthe yt shall bee lawfull aswell for the Corryer Shoomaker Gyrdler Sadler Bugetmaker and all other Artificers occupieng the Crafte or Misterie of Leather, buieng, lawfully to buy all kindes of tanned Leather in Fayres and Markettcs within all places of this Realme accustomed to be solde, yt being lawfully tanned and dressed, so that the sayd Corriers Shoomakers and Girdelers, nor any persone for them or for their use, shall buye any kynde of tanned Leather to sell agayn to any Marchant or other Stranger to bee conveyed over the Sea, ne shall sende ne conveye any Leather beyonde the Sea, upon the forfeiting of all suche Leather so bought, thone half of the same to the Quenes Highnes, and thother half to him that presentethe the same: And further, the foresaid Acte from hensforthe to be repealed made voide and of none effecte concerning the Corryers Shoomakers Sadlers Bugetmakers Girdelers and all other Artificers, occupieng the Mistery of Leather buieng corried and dressed.

j4.D.\554.

1° Marine, St.3. c. 8, 9.

233

i

i

i

l

1

t

t

2 I 1 I 1 I

i

i

a

i

And be it further enacted, That from hensforthe no persone or persones occupieng the Feate or Misterye of corrieng of tanned Leather within the Citie of London or Suburbes of the same, shall occupie about the corrieng of the same Leather any other Stuffe or Tallowe brought unto him by any other persone or persones but such as shalbee his owne, uppon payne of forfeyture of all suche Leather so corried contrarye to the true meaning therof: And furthermore, that no Corner shall corrye any Hides for any Shoomaker to make Shoos or Bootes of, from the feast of S' James Thapostle unto the xxv14 day of Marche, but suche as shalbee dipped sufficientlye twise in the panne for the true and just worckmanshippe therof, upon payne of forfeiture of all suche Leather as shalbe wrought to the contrary, thone halfe of the same to the Quenes Highnes, and the other moitie to him that shall finde and present the same: all the same penalties to be recovered in fourme aforesaid, by him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Dett Byll Plainte or Informacon in any Courte of Recorde, wherin no Essoigne Proteccion ne Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted ne allowed for the Defendaunte.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That when and as often as any Shoemaker or his Deputie dothe bring any Leather sufficientlye tanned to any Corner to be coried, delivering sufficient Liquor for well dressing of the same; the same shalbe by every suche Corrier well and sufficiently corried and made readie for the Shoemaker within the space of fyve dayes in Sommer, that is to saye, from the first daye of Marche to the last daye of September ; and also in lyke maner within the space of tenne days in Winter, that is to saye, from the first daye of October unto the last daye of Februarie; uppon payn to forfet to the ptie greyed, for every Hide not corried and dressed in maner and fourme aforsaid the some of Tenne shillinges. Piiovided further, that this Proviso shall not extende to binde any Corrier to dresse any Leather whiche he, doing his best, is not liable to dresse within everie of the times aforesayd, but shall extende to all suche Leather as he convenientlye inaye dresse after the comon rate of dressing.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte touching Ordin"nces and Rules in Cathedrall Churches and Scooles.

WHERAS the late noble Prynce of famous memorye King Henrye the Eight Father unto our most gracious Sovereine Ladye the Quene, amonges other his godly Actes and doinges, did erefte make and establishe divers and sundrye Churches aswell Cathedrall as Collegiate, and endowed every of the same withe divers Manours Landes Tenementes and Possessions for the maintenaunce of the Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers within the same, and for other charitable Actes to be doone and executed by the same Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers; and also dyd encorporate the same [ Deane1 ] Prebendaries and Ministers, and made them Bodyes Politike in perpetuall succession, according to the Lawes of this Realme of Englande ; And Where also as the sayd late King for the better maintenaunce and preservac&n of the sayd Churches in a Godly Unitie and good order and governaunce, graunted unto the severall Corporations and Bodies Corporate of every of the sayd Churches, that they shoulde be ruled and governed for ever according unto certaine Ordinaunces Rules and Statutes to be specified in certayne Indentures then after to be made by his Highnes, and to be delivered and declared to every of the Bodies Corporate of the sayd severall Churches; As by the severall ereccons and foundaeftns of the said Churches more plainlye it dothe and maye appeare: Since whiche sayd Ereccbns and Foundacbns the sayd late King dyd cause to be delyvered to every of the sayd Churches so as ys aforesayd erected and incorporated by certaine Commissioners by his Highnes appointed, dyvers and sundry Estatutes and Ordinaunces made and declared by the same Commissioners, for the Order Rule and Governance of the sayd severall Churches and of the Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers of the same; Whiche sayd Statutes and Ordynaunces were made by the sayd Commissioners and delyvered unto every of the CorporacSns of the sayd severall Churches in writing, but not Indented according to the fourme of the said Foundations and Erections, By reason wherof the said Churches and the severall Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers of the same, have no Statutes or Ordinaunces of any force or aucthoritye wherby they should be ruled and governed, and therfore remayne as yet not fully established in suche sorte as the godly intent of the said late King Henry theight was, to the great Imperfecc&n of the same Churches and the hinderaunce of Goddes Service and good Order and Regiment to be hadd and continued amonges the Ministers of the same: And Forasmuche as thaucthoritie of the making of the said Estatutes Ordinaunces and Orders was reserved onely unto the sayde late King, and no mention made of anye lyke aucthoritie to be reserved unto his heires and successoures, the same Orders and Statutes cannot nowe bee made and provided without aucthoritie of Pliament: Maye it therfore please the Quenes Highnes that it maye be established and enacted by her Highnes by the assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliament assembled and by the aucthoritee of the same. That our saide Sovereine Ladye the Quene from hensforthe during her naturell lyes (whiche our Lorde long preserve) shall have by vertue of this Acte full power and aucthoritee to make and prescribe unto every of the sayd Churches, and the Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers of the same, and to their successoures, suche Statutes Ordinaunces and Orders for the good Governance Rule and Ordre of every of the same Churches Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers of the same, and of the Landes Manoures Tenementes and Possessions of everie of the same Churches as shall seme good to her Highnes, the same Statutes and Ordinaunces to be made by her Highnes by writing sealed withe the Greate Seale of Englande, and to bee delivered to the Deanes Prebendaries and Ministers of every of the sayd Churches for the tyme being.

And that it may bee further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That our sayd Sovereigne Ladye the Quene during the tyme aforesaid, by writing sealed withe the Greate Seale of Englande shall and may alter transpose chaunge augment or diminishe the sayd Orders Statutes and Ordinaunces of every of the sayd Churches from time to time as occasion

1 Deanes O,

3 O

II.

Curriers of London shall uk their own Tallow, &c.

Currying Hides for Shoemakers j

Recovery of Penalties.

III.

Leather shall be curried within Fire Days in Summer and to in Winter.

Proviso for Accidents.

Establishment and Endowment of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches by K. Henry VIII.

to be goremed by Ordinances to be made by him, 8tc.

Certain Ordinances made irregularly

The Queen empowered during her Life to make Ordinances, &c. for governing such Churches, under the Great Seal.

ir.

The Queen may alter any such Ordinances, See.

234

1° Marine, St. 3. c.9, 10.

A.D. 1554t.

hi.

Like Power* at to Grammar Schoolt erected by Kings H. VIII. or E VI.

Recital of an Act a k 3 Edw. VI. [»«/ inrolled in Chancery nor printed] unduly procured, for uniting the Pariah Churches of Ongarand Grenited in Essex.

Evils resulting therefrom.

Recited Act repealed.

II.

The said Church of Ongar restored in all Particulars

Parson thereof;

shall serve, and as it shall seme good to her Highnes, and that all and every of the sayd Statutes Ordinaunces and Orders, to be made altered transposed chaunged augmented or diminished as is aforesaid, shalbee and remayne good and effectuall according to the making* alteracon transposing chaunging augmenting or diminishing of the same.

Be it also further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the Quenes Highnes may have like powre and aucthoritee to make ordeine and establishe Statutes Ordinaunces and Foundations for the good Order and Gouvernement of suche Gramer Scooles, as have beene erected founded or established in any parte of this Realme by the most noble Princes King Henrye the Eight or King Edwarde the syxte, and of the Ministers and Scollers of the same Scoole, and to alter and transpose suche other Statutes and Ordinaunces ther made heretofore from tyme to tyme as to her Highnes shall seme most convenient.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made for the uniting of the Parishe Churches of Onger and Grenestede in the

Countie of Essexe.

C)

LAMENTABLIE complayning shewen unto yor (*) Highnes yo' obedient and faithefull Subjectes thinhabitauntes and Parishioners of the Townes and Villages of Chipping Onger otherwise called Castell Onger and Grenestede within yor Graces Cowntye of Essexe ; That where by the sinister Labour and Procurement of one Willyam Morys Esquyer yor Graces late Servaunt deceased, sometime Patrone of the Parishe Churche of Onger aforesayd, and one of the Burgesses of the Parliament holden at Westminster in the seconde yere of the Reigne of the late King of worthye memorye Edwarde the Sixte your Highnes Brother, inordinately seking his private lucre and profitt, An Acte was made and ordeined, by aucthoritee of Pliament in the same seconde yere, for a Consolidation and Union to bee hadd and made of the Parishe Churches of the sayd Townes or Villages of Onger and Grenestede, and that thinhabitauntes and Parishioners of Onger aforesayd shoulde resorte and repaire for Dyvyne Service [ into3 ] the Churche of Grenestede aforesayd, as to their Parishe Churche; whiche Acte was devised and pursewed onely by the sayd Willyam Moris without the consent or knowledge of yo' said humble Suppliauntes, and dothe conteine in yt false suggestions and untrewe surmises, aswell concerning the distaunce and value of the said [Churche4 ] and Benefices as other thinges therin mentioned : By colour of whiche Acte the sayd William Moris in his lief tyme didd not onely enter in and to the sayd Churche and Churchyarde of Onger aforesayd and the Mansion House and Glebe Lande of the Parsonage therof, but also in and to divers other peces of Lande to the sayde Churche apperteining, throughe the whiche yo' saide Subjectes of Onger aforesayd and all other yo' Highnes liege People heretofore have hadd their highe waies and pathes from time to tyme accustomablye used tyme out of mynde, and didd also take awaye all the Ornamentes Belles [Vestimentes5 ] Chalices and Leade of the (6) Churche to his owne use, and hath covered the said Churche agayn with Tyle, wherby yo' said Subjectes ever sence the time of the said Acte have wandred as She|>e without their Shepeherde to straung Parishes for Dyvine Service and Administration of Sacramentes, by reason that the said Churche of Grenestede ys not able to conteine thone halfe of the said Parishioners, neither the Curate of Grenestede able in the Winter Season to passe the Brookes running and overflowing betwen the Townes of the same Parishes, whos Churches ar distant three quarters of a mile and more, so that divers of the said Towne of Onger in the said time have dyed not onelye without Confession and Counsail of their Curate, but also withoute thadministration of the Holye Sacramentes and other Rites of the Holie Churche, to the greate perill and daunger of their Soules, to the greate [ greves7] and sorrowe of yo' said humble Subjectes, and to the greate disease and discomodite of them and their successoures inhabitauntes and Parishioners there in tyme to come, onles by yo' Grace and this Highe Courte of Pliament, Remedye maye bee provided in that behalf: The Premisses therfore considered, and forasmuche as the Parsonage of Onger, wherof the sayd Willyam Moris was Parishioner, was before the said Union worthe tenne powndes yerely so long as the sayd William did trulye and fullye paye hisTythes, and that thinhabitauntes onely of Onger aforesayd without the ayde or contribution of thinhabitantes of Grenestede aforesaid, bee and shall be (God willing) able and willing well and sufficiently to repaire and maintayne the said Churche and Personage of Onger, withe necessaryc Reparacons and Ornamentes meete for the same pishe Churche of Onger, And lykewise thinhabitauntes of Grenested, without aiede and conti ibuc&n of thinhabitantes of Onger aforesayd (the Benefice of Grenestede being of the yerely value of twentye Marckes) are able and willing to doo the same: It maie therfore please your most Excellent Highnes, That yt maye be enacted by the same yo' Highnes withe thassent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritye of the same, That the saide Acte of Pliament made for the ConsolidacBn and Union of bothe the sayd Churches of Onger and Grenestede, and every Clause Article and Matter therin conteined bee repealed and made utterly frustrate and voide, as thoughe the same hadd never beene hadd ne made : Any thing therin conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that the [State * ] of the late Churche of Onger, the Chauncell, Churcheyarde, and the Place and Howse whiche was the Churche Chauncell and Church; yarde in the sayd Towne of Chipping Onger otherwise called Castell Onger, may be and shalbe from hensforthe for ever the Parishe Churche Chauncell and Churcheyarde, to all and singler thinhabitantes and resiauntes of the saide Towne of Chipping Onger, and that thinhabitantes of the [same of Onger*] shalbe always hereafter accepted reputed [and 14 ] taken and be Parishioners to the sayd Churche of Onger, and bee and shalbe discharged of anye further resorte repaire or charge to the sayd Churche of Grenestede, in like maner and fourme as it was accustomed and used before the said late Acte of Pliament; and that allwaies a mete and a convenient person shalbe from hensforthe presented and presentable at every Avoidaunce of the said Churche of Onger to the Bushoppe of London and to his successoures Ordinaries of the said Churche of Onger by thonly name of the Parsone of the Parishe Churche of Onger, in lyke maner and fourme as other Parsones of the said Parishe have before the making of the said

1 To the Quene our SoPaigne Ladie 0. * most excellent O. * unto 0. 4 Churches 0. 4 Vestmentf O.

* said O. 7 griefs O. • Scite 0. • So also in Original Act. 10 O. omits.

Go

PENN STATI

A.D. 1554.

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 10, 11.

235

Acte been accustomed and used to bee presented by thorder and course of the cdmon Lawes of this Realme, and that every Person [and1 ] Curate for the time being of the said Churche of Onger shall from hensforthe be charged with the Cure of the Parishioners and Inhabitantes within the auncient circuite and precincte of the sayd Town of Onger as it hathe been before the said Acte of pliament most accustomably used, and that thadvouson Donation and Presentation of the sayd Parsonage of Onger shall hereafter belong and appertayn to James Morys sonne and heire of the foresaid William Moris deceased, and to his heires and assignes for ever, by thonely name of thadvouson donation or presentation of the Parsonage of Onger, in lyke sorte fourme condicion and qualitie to all internes costruccbns and purposes as it was before the making of the said Acte; Any thing in the said Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding: And that the Bishoppe Ordinarie or Ordinaries and theire successoures of the place where the sayd Scite or Churche of Onger now standethe or dyd late stande, shall have thinstitucon and induction of all and every suche person and persones as shalbe presented unto them at all times hereafter by the lawful Patrones of the said Churche of Onger, and in default therof to make Collation to the said Churche according unto thauncient Usage and Custome of this Realme of Englande in that behalf heretofore used; And that the Parson of the said Churche of Onger and his successoures and every of them shall from hensforthe have perceive and take all maner Tithes Offeringes Oblations Obventions and all other Ecclesiasticall Duties and Rightes that shall growe and be due by the Customes of this Realme and Ecclesiasticall Lawes of the same, and as by thusage and [customes * ] within the same Parishe of Onger were wont to be payd hadd or made by the Parishioners Inhabitauntes and Resiauntes within the Circuite and auncient Precincte of Onger aforesaid in every condicbn as before the said Acte was accustomed ; And that the said Union and Consolidation of the said Churches of Onger and Grenestede and the Parishes thereof, shalbee in every kinde condition and qualite by this present Acte utterly separated and divided into two severall Parsonages or Cures and Parishes, in qualitie name and degree to remayn for ever, in like maner fourme and condition as they were before the making of the said late Acte; Any thing in the same conteined to the contrary notwithstanding : And that the Quenes Majestie her heires and successoures shall have the Tenthes and First Fruites of the sayd Parsonage of Chipping Onger aforesaid, according to the rate and valuation as the sayd Parsonage was before the said Acte, or hereafter shall be rated or valued to the Quenes said Majestie in her Highnes Courte of First Fruites and Tenthes.

And further Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That from hensforthe every Parson and his successoures Parsones of the Churche of Onger, and the Parishioners of the same, shall have by this Acte from hensforthe the Scite of the sayd Churche of Onger and other Howses belonging to the same, and all the Parsonage Glebe Landes and Groundes called the Cimitorie, and other Howses I^andes Tenementes and Profites belonging or occupied with the same or any parcell therof withe thappurtenaunces, in lyke maner as the said Parsones and Parishioneres or any of them late helde occupyed or enjoied the same : Any Graunt Clause or Article conteined in the said late Acte or Statute to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

(*) Provided alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the said Parsonage of Grenestede and the Incombentes of the same for the time being, shall be dischardged and exonerated of and for all Tenthes, wherwth the said Parsonage of Chipping Onger is in any wise charged or due out of the same in any of the Quenes Majesties Courtes, by reason or for any Tenthes growing going or arising out of the said Parsonage of Chipping Onger, or by reason of thunidng of the same.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte touching the Sea Sandes in Glamorganshire.

WHERE in the xxiij yere of the Reigne of the Excellent Prince of famouse memorie King Henry theight, It was enacted and established, That Comissions of Sewers from tyme to time when nede should require, should bee directed to suche substancyal| and indifferent persones as should bee named by the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande, the Lorde Treasurer, the Lorde Pryvie Seale, and the twoo Cheife Justices or thre of them, wherof the Lorde Chauncellour to be one, authorising them or syxe of them to surveye Walles Streames Dyches Bankes Gutters Sewers Guttes Cawseies Bridges Trenches Milles Mylledames Fludgates Powndes Cockes Ebbing Weires and other Lettes and Nuysaunces, by reason of the outrageous course and rage of the Sea in and uppon Marshes and other lowe Places; Which good Lawe dothe not extende nor is not taken to give aucthoritee and power unto the sayd Comissioners of Sewers to refourme the greate hurte nuysaunce and losses that cdmethe and chaunceth to the Quenes Highnes and her Subjectes, by reason of Sande rising out of the Sea and dryven to Lande by Stormes and Windes, wherby muche good Grounde lyeng on the Seacoastes in sundrye Places of this Realme and especially in the Countye of Glamorgan, bee covered with suche Sande rising out of the Sea that ther cdmethe no Profitte of the same, to the greate losse of the Quenes Highnes and her loving Subjectes, and more ys lyke to ensue yf spedye Remedie be not therin provided: Maie it therefore please the Quenes Highnes withe the assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Parliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same, Be It Enacted, That aswell the sayd Acte of Sewers made in the sayd xxiij,h yere, as all Comissions of Sewers hereafter to bee directed according to the tenour of the said Acte, maye extende and gyve aucthorite that the Comissioners therin named for the Countie of Glamorgan, or syxe of them, wherof three to bee of the Quorum, shall by this Acte and the sayd former Acte and Commission to them directed, have full power and aucthoritee from time to tyme to make suche Lawes Provisions Ordinaunces Judgementes and Decrees within the said Countye of Glamorgan, for the redresse and saving the sayd Groundes from hurt or destruction by reason of the said Sandes, as they might or may doo by the said former Acte and Comission, for the withstanding and avoiding of the outragious course and rage of the Sea, or other Waters; Any Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithestanding.

' or 0. 1 Custome O. 9 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Advowaon thereof j

Institution thereto.

Tithes thereof.

Union between Ongar and Grensted dissolved.

Tenths and First Fruits.

III.

Scite of the Church, Parsonage, Ac. vested in the Parson of Ongar, tec.

IV.

Incumbent of Greensted relieved from Tenths of Ongar.

S3 H. VIII. c.j. as to Power of Commissioners of Sewers;

Defective as to restoring Lands covered by Sand driven by Wind from the Sea;

Commissioners for the County of Glamorgan empowered to take Measures for saving such Land.

236

1° Marine, St. 3. c. 12.

A.D. 1554.

Recital of Statute* 22 H. VIII. c.7. exporting Horae* : 13 H.VIII. c.t7. winding Wool*; 24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlings;

23 H. VIII. c. j. Attaint* on untrue Verdict*}

continued hv 28 H. VIII. cc. 6, 8, 9.

and further by 31 H. VIII. c.7.

35 H. VIII. c.17. preserving Woods

37 H.VIII. c.13. continuing recited Acts;

2 & 3 E. VI. c. 9. Leather

t fc + E.VI. c 19. Cattle;

c. 21. Butter, See.

5 & 6 E.VI. c. a. Relief of the Poor;

c. 14. Regrators

7 E. VI. c. 11. continuing all the recited Acts.

1 Mary, St. 2. c. 12. unlawful Assemblies;

I Mary, St. 2. c.13. continuing recited Act*

All the said recited Acts continued to the End of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the continuac&n of certayn Statutes.

WHERE in the Parliament begone and holden at London the thirde day of November in the xxj yere of the raigne of our most dread Sovereine Lorde of most famouse memorye King Henrye theight, and from thens adjourned to Westminster, and ther holden and continued by divers prorogac&ns unto the dissolution therof, One Acte was made and established for the restrainte of carriage and conveeing of Horses and Mares out of this Realme; and also one other Acte was ther made for the true winding of Woolles; and one other Acte was the# made to restraine killing of Weinelynges Bullockes Stiers and Heifers, being under thage of twoo yeres; Which said severall Actes were then made to endure and continue unto the next Parliament, as by the same severall Actes more plainly aperethe: And where also in the same Parliament, one other Acte was made and established for Attaintes to

be sewed for the punishement of Perjurie upon untrewe Verdictes, Whiche Actes last before rehersed, were then made and ordeined to continue and endure to the last day of the next Parliament, As by the same Acte more playnly at iardge ys shewed, and maye appeare: And where also in the Parliament begune and holden at Westminster the eight daye of June in the xxviij,h yere of the raigne of our sayd most dread Sovereine Lorde King Henry the Eight, and ther continued and kepte untill the dissolueftn thereof, It was ordeined and enacted that all and singler the said Actes above reinembred and every of them, should continue and endure in their force and strengthe and also be observed and kepte untill the last daye of the next Parliament; as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteined more playnlye appeareth ; And where also in the Parliament begune and holden at Westminster the xxviij daye of Aprill in the xxxj yere of the Raigne of our sayd most dread Sovereyne Lorde King Henry theight, and ther continued untill the xxviij daye of June then next following, It was ordeined and enacted by [thaucthorite1 ] of the same Parliament, That all and singler the sayd severall above remembred and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, should continue and endure in their force and strengthe and also be observed and kept untill the laste daye of the next Pliament; as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteined, more playnely appearethe: And Where in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the xxxv,h yere of the Raigne of our most dreade Soverayn Lord King Henry theight, One Acte was made for the preservacon of Wooddes, to endure for seven yeres then next following, and from thens unto thende of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnly dothe and maye appeare: And Where also at the Pliament holden at Westminster in the xxxvij"1 yere of the Raigne of our said most dread Sovereyne Lord King Henry theight, and ther continued and kept untill the dissolution therof, It was ordeined and enacted, That all and singler the sayd Actes above mentioned and every' of them, (Except the said Acte made for the preservation of Wooddes as is aforesayd,) shoulde continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also to be observed and kept untill the last daye of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteined more playnlye appearethe: And where also at the Session of the Pliament ended at Westminster the xiiij11* daye of Marche in the thirde yere of the Raigne of our late Sovereine Lorde King Edward the Sixthe, one Acte was made for the trewe courrieng of Leather ; Whiche Acte was made to endure unto the end of the next Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnlye appearethe : And Where also at the Session of [the1] Parliament ended at Westminster the first day of February in the fourthe yere of the Raigne of our sayd late Sovereyn Lord King Edward the Syxte, one Acte was then and ther made concerning the buyeng of Rother Beastes; And also one other Acte was then and ther made towching the buyeng and selling of Butter and Cheese; whiche sayd severall Actes were then and ther made to endure and continue to the ende of the next Parliament, as by the same severall Actes more at large it doethe and maye appeare: And where also at the Session of a Parliament by prorogacbn holden at Westminster the xxiij1* day of Januarye in the fifthe yere [of the Raigne1 ] of our sayd Sovereine Lord King Edwarde the Syxthe, One Acte was then and ther made towching the Provision and Relief of the Poore, to endure to thende of the Session of the next Parliament: And where also at the same Session of Parliament last before mentioned, One other Acte was than and ther made against Regratoures & Forestalled, to endure to thende of the next Parliament: Whiche all and singler the said Actes above mentioned, togither withe the said Acte concerning the preservacon of Wooddes, at a Parliament holden at Westminster the first daye of Marche in the vij"1 yere of the Raigne of our said Sovereyn Lorde King Edward the Sixthe, and ther continued and dissolved the last day of the same monethe of Marche, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were ther revived and continued to stande in their force and strengthe untill the last day of the next Pliament: And Where also at the Session of a Parliament holden by prorogacbn at Westminster the xxviij>h daye of October in the first ytre of the Raigne of our most gracious Sovereyn Ladye the Quene, and ther continued and kept untill the dissoluebn therof, One Acte was ther made and established against Unlawfull and Rebellyous Assembles, to endure to the ende of the nexte Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnly dothe and maye appeare: And Wher also at the same Session of Pliament last before mentioned, All and singler the Actes above mentioned and before that tyme continued at sundry Pliamentes as is aforesayd, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteined, were ther revived and continued to stande in their force and strengthe unto the last day of the next Parliament. And Forasmuche as all and singler the sayd severall Actes above mentioned be good and benefidall for the Comon Wealthe of this Realme; Be it therfore Enacted ordeined and established by the Quene our Sovereine Ladye withe the Assent of the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same. That all and singler the sayd severall Acts and Statutes above mentioned and rehersed and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them cSteined, shall be revived continued stande and endure in their force and strengthe to all internes construccons and purposes, and shall be observed and kept in all thinges untill the last daye of the next Parliament.

1 aucthorite 0.

I

( 237 )

k

t

i

l

i

i

k

t

k

i

I

ii

i

i

e

e

I

i

E

II

k

i

i

ii

n

i

I

t

STATUTES OF KING PHILIP AND QUEEN MARY.

Annis 1° & 2° PHILIPPI & MARINE. A.D. 1554 & 1554-5.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twelfth Day of November, In the FIRST and SECOND Years of the Reign of K. PHILIP and Q. MARY,

AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE SIXTEENTH Day OF JANUARY FOLLOWING.

ex IRotulo Jdarltamentt De annts regnorum #lnltppi Ifcegts $ £0arte ftegtne,

$rtmo 9 £>eeunDo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westmonasf, xij die Novembris Annis Regnorum Excellentissimorum et Serenissimorum Philippi et Marie, Dei gratia Anglie FranC Neapolis Jhrlm et Hibemie Regis et Regine Fidei Defensorum, Hispaniarum ac Ciciliarum Principu Archiducum Austrie Ducum Mediolaii Burgundie et Brabantie Comitum Hasburg Flandrie et Tirolis, Primo et Secundo, et ifem continuato usq, in xvj diem Januarij tunc proxime sequentis, quo die dissolul erat, Coi oim Procerum et Populi consensu, ac Regiorum Majestatum turn presentium assensu, Sancit Stabilit Ordinal et Inactal fuerunt hec xxj Statuta subsequentia. (1) Videlt.

1. —An Acte touchinge tres patentes and other writinges to be signed by the Quenes Majestie.

2. —An Acte for the Reformacon of Excesse in Apparaile.

3. —An Acte against Sedityous Woordes and Rumours.

4. —An Acte for the punishement of certayne Persons calling themselves Egiptians.

5. —An Acte to restrayne carieng of Come Victuals and Wood over the Sea.

6. —An Acte for the renueng of three Estatutes made for the punishement of Heresies.

7. —An Acte that parsons dwelling in the CoWtreye shall not sell dyvers wares [........*] Townes Corporate

by Retaile.

8. —An Acte repealing all Statutes Articles and Provisions made against the Sea of Rome since the

xx'b yere of King Henry theight, and also for thestablishement of all Spyrytuall and Ecclesiastical) Possessions and Hereditamentes conveyed to the Layetye.

9. —An Acte for the punishement of Traterous woordes against the Quenes Mau*.

10. —An Acte wherby certayne Offences bee made Tresons, and also for the [goveme - - -* J of the Kinges and

Quenes Majesties Issue.

11. —An Acte for the punishement of bringing in of counterfaite Coine of forreyne Realmes being currant within

this Realme.

1 a.—An Acte touching thimpounding of Distresses.

13.—[-----5] appointing an Order to Justices of Peace for the Bailement of Prisoners.

1 The Printed Collection! contain only XVII. Chapters, numbered in Conformity with the Series of the first 17 Numbers on the Roll. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll ■, It has therefore been thought convenient to repeat the Titles from the above List at the Head of each Chapter. Where the Titles are illegible, the Deficiency has been supplied from the Calendar in the Rolls Chapel.

* in Cities and 9 Apostolick Government

» An Act

3 P

238

1° & 2? Phil. & Mar. c. 1.

A. Z). 1554 8^1554-5.

14. —[.........................................'] the makyng of Russettes Sattens Sattens Reveses and [--- ’] Citie of

Norwiche.

15. —[..............3] confyrme the Lyberties of the Lordes Marchers in Wales.

16. —[-----4] for the continuaunce of certayne Statutes.

17. —[ - -5 3 Acte towching Leases hereaft r to bee made by certaine Spirituall psons.

18. —An Acte repealing thattainder of the Lorde Cardynall Pole.

19. —An Acte repealing all Attainders and Outlaries had or made ageinst Richarde [ - . - -6 ] William Petowe

Thomas Goldewell and others, ao.—An Acte for the confirmac&n of thattayndou's of Henrye late Duke of Suff Bretherne and dyvers

others.

21.—An Acte for the uniting and annexing of the whole Towne or Hamlett of Bucknell to the Countie of Saloppe.

Recital of Stat. i Mary, «t. 3. c. 2. f 3. requiring all Grants of Office*, ire. to be signed by the Queen's Sign Manual;

Inconvenience of that Regulation

That Clause repealed.

II.

All Grants, the Warrants for which were signed by the Queen's Sign Manual, declared valid.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte touchinge tres patentes and other writinges to be signed by the Quenes Majestie.

WHERE in the Pliament begone and holden at Westminster the seconde daye of Aprill in the first yere of the Reigne of our most dreade and gracious Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma,le, and ther contynued and kepte till the dissoluc&n of the same, being the fifthe daye of Maye then next folowing, One Acte was made touching tharticles of her Highnes most noble Mariage; in the whiche Acte amongest other thinges. It was enacted ordred and establyshedd by thaucthoritee of the said Pliament, That all and singler Gyftes Grantes tres Patentes Exchanges Confirmac&ns Leases and other Writinges, which after the sayd Maryage and during the same shoulde passe and bee made, of anye Benefices Offices Landes Revenues and Fruites or of anny of them, shoulde be Intituled and made in the Names of our Sovereigne Lorde the King and of her most Excellent Highnes, whether his Malic shoulde bee present within the Realmes and Dominions of her Highnes, or within any of them, or absent; And that the same Gyftes Grantes Letters Patentes Exchanges ConfirmacSns Leases and other Writinges, so sett for the and made, shoulde bee sealed and signed withe the Signe Manuell of her Highnes; and the same so signed and sealed withe Greate Seale of this Realme, or withe suche Seale as hathe beene accustomed, should be by thaucthoritee of the sayd Pliament demed adjuged declared and pronounced to bee as good perfecte and of lyke force strengthe and effecte in the Lawe, to all internes construccons and purposes against our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King and the Quenes Ma*" and her Highnes heircs and successoures, as if her Ma" had bene at the tyme of making therof sole and unmaried; and that all Gyftes Grantes tres patentes Exchanges Confirmac&ns Leases and other Writinges, whiche after the said Mariage, and during the tyme of the same, should passe and bee made of the said Benefices Offices Landes Revenues and Fruites or of any of them, whereunto the Signe Manuell of her Highnes shoulde not bee sett made or put, shalbee by thaucthoritee of the said Pliament from tyme to tyme demed adjudged accepted taken and decreed to bee of no force ne effecte but utterly frustrate and voide in the Lawe to all internes construcc&ns and purposes; the sayd Mariage or anny Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarye in annye wise notwithestanding: as by the said Acte more at lardge doethe appeare: Sithence the making of whiche Statute and the Solempnisac&n of the said Maryage, the Quenes most Excellent Majestie hathe bene greatly molested greyed and troubled, withe often signing of Letters Patentes Giftes Grauntes Exchaunges Leases and other Writinges concerning and touching Benefices Offices Landes Revenues and Fruites, made and graunted by and from our said Soveraigne Lorde the King and her Highnes, to sundrye of their most loving Subjectes; to whom also it hathe bene and ys no small charge to attend untill suche tyme as they maye procure and obteine the Signe Manuell of her Highnes unto their said Letters Patentes Giftes Grauntes Exchaunges Confirmac&ns and Leases, without which Signe the same are utterly voide by force of the said Statute, to the greate daunger losse and utter undoing of dyvers persons that have lately bought purchased or obteyned of our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King and Quenes Majesties dyvers Landes Tenementes and other Hereditamentes to their greate Costes and Chardges: For Remedie wherof, Be it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnt Pham', That the said Braunche or Article touching or concerning onelye the signing of Letters Patentes Gyftes Grauntes Exchaunges Confirmaf&ns Leases, or of other Writinges for any Landes Benefices Offices Revenues Fruites or other Hereditamentes, shall bee from hensforthe derely repelled and made frustrate and voide to all intentes and purposes.

And Be it further enacted by aucthoritee of this pnt Pliament, That all and singler Letters Patentes touching or concerning any Gifte Graunt Exchaunge Confirmac&n Lease or other Writinge, the whiche sithens the said Mariage hathe passed and bee made of any Benefices Offices Manours Landes Tenementes Revenues Fruites Liberties or other Hereditamentes or of any of them, in the Names of our most dread Sovereygne Lorde and Ladye the King and the Quenes Majesties (the Warrante or Writinge or Warrauntes or Writinges wherof being signed withe her Highnes Signe Manuell, in suche fourme order and degree as the same heretofore have bene accustomed to be signed when her Highnes was sole and unmaried) shalbee by aucthoritee of this pnt Pliament, of the same lyke force strengthe and effect in the Lawe to all internes construccons and purposes as if the same were or hadd bene signed by her Highnes Signe Manuell, and as if her Majestie hadd bene at the tyme of the making therof sole and unmaried, and as they were before the making of the said Acte: the said Estatute or any Branche or Article therin conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

» An Act for * dyvers other Stuffif in the > An Act to * An Act s An * Pate ’ his

A.D. 1554, QH554-5.

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.2.

239

CHAPTER n.

An Acte for the ReformaPon of Excesse in Apparaile.

BE it enacted by thaucthoritie of this pnt Pliament, That no pson borne within this Realine or the Dominions of the same, other then the sonne and heire apparant of a Knight, or other then suche as maye dispende twentie powndes by the yere in Landes Offices Fees or other yerely Revenues for terme of lyes, or bee woorthe in gooddes twoo hundrethe powndes, shall after the first day of Aprill next coming, weare any maner of Sylke in or upon his Hatt Bonett Nightcappe Gyrdell Hose Shooes Scabberd or Spurre Leathers, upon payne of three monethes imprysonement, and [forfeitures1 ] of Tenne Powndes for every dayes wearing contrary to the tenour of this Acte.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That Justices of Assises in their [Circuities1 ] Justices of Peace in their Sessions Sheriffes in their Turnes Stewardes in Leetes and Lawe Days Mayours Sheriffes and Baylyffes of Cytyes Boroughes and l'ownes Corporate in their Courtes, shall and maye enquyre here and deteimyne from tyme to tyme all and every the sayd Offences doone or comitted within the lymites of their severall jurisdiccftns and aucthorities: And where any suche forfeytures shall happen to be fownde within the precincte of any Cytye Boroughe Towne Corporate Leete or Lawe Daye, then the Maiour Sheriffe and Baylyffes of the said Cytyes Boroughes and Townes, and Owner of the sayd Leete or Lawedays, to have thone Moytee of the sayd Forfeytures, and thother Moitie to bee to any subjecte of this Realme that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde by Acc&n Information Byll or otherwise, in whiche no Wager of Lawe Protecc&n or Essoigne shalbee allowed : And wher suche Forfeiture shalbe fownde out of any Cytye Boroughe Towne Leete or Lawedaye, that the Moitie of all suche Forfeitures shalbe to the King and Quenes Majesties and theires of the Quene, and thother Moitie therof to any of their Subjectes that will sue for the same by Byll Playnte Acc&n Informac&n or otherwise in any Courte of Recorde as is aforesaid, in whiche no Wager of Lawe Proteccon or Essoigne shalbee admitted or allowed : And that all and every suche persone and persons as have aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte to heare and determyne the premisses, may upon the convicf&n of every such Offendo' award Proces unto the Sherefe of any Shire within this Realme for the apprehencion of the said Offendo', whiche being apprehended shall bee comitted by the Shirefe unto the Gaole of the said Shire, ther to remayne without Bayle or Mayneprise untill the sayd Offendo' hath payde the Forfeiture wherin he is so convicted.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any persone or persons of what Estate Condic&n or Degree soever he or they bee, after the sayd first day of Aprill nexte coming, knowing any Servante or Servantes of his or theirs to offende contrary to this Acte, doe not put the same out of his or their Service, but shall kepe in his or their Servise the same Offendour or Offendours by the Space of Fowrtene Days next after suche knowledge had, or ells being so put out of his or their service, shall reraine the same Offendour or Offendo" to his or their service agayn, within one yere next ensuing the tyme of comitting any suche Offence, the same person or persons so keping or reteyning againe, in or to his or their service, any suche servante or servantes offending contrary to the tenour of this Acte as is aforesaid, shall for every his or their Offence forfeite One Hundre he Powndes of lawfull Money of Englande: The Moietie wherof to be to the King and Quenes Majesties use, and the heires and successoures of the Quene, and thother Moietie to him that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde, by Acc&n Byll Plaint Informac&n or otherwise, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Proteccon shalbe admitted or allowed.

(*) Provided alwaie and Be it enacted, That this Acte or any thing therin conteined shall not extende to any person being of or above the degree of a Knightes sonne or doughter, or being wief to any of them, nor to suche as have bene bee or shalbe Maiour Baylyef Alderman or Headd Officer in any Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, or to the wief of any of them, nor to any of the Kinges or Quenes servantes in ordinarye wages attendant, and wearing the Kinges or Quenes ordinarye lyveries. But that they and every of them may use and weare as they or any of them might lawfully use and weare before the making of this Acte.

Provided also that no person shalbe compelled by this Acte to put away his Prentice or hired Serv*nte before thende of the terme before agreed betwen them, nor that any M' shall forfeite or lose anye paine or forfeiture for the keping of his Prentice or hired Servante after his Offence contrarie to this Acte unto the ende of the terme before agreed betwen them : Any thing abovesaid to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided also that Women maye weare in their Cappes Hattes Gyrdells and Hoodes as they or any of them might use and weare lawfully, before the making of this Acte.

1 forfaytoure 0. * Circuit? O.

* The Three following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Persons having less than jCio. a Year, See. shall not wear Silk; Penalty^io. and Three Months' Imprisonment.

II.

Conviction of Offenders, and Recovery and Application of Penalties.

III.

Penalty on Persons keeping Servants offending against this Act, atrioo.

IV.

Persons excepted from this Act; Mayors, fcc.

V.

Proviso for keeping Apprentices, See.

VI.

Proviso for Women's Caps, kc.

240

1°&2° Phil. & Mar. c. 3.

A.D. 1554 & 1554-5.

CHAPTER III.

Recital of Stat. Westm. i.

3 Edw. I. c. 34.;

2 Ric II. st. 1. c.j.} 1* Ric. II. c. it. ; against Tellers of false News;

Recited Acts confirmed, See. Justices of Peace may determine Offences, ice.

An Acte against sedityous Woordes and Rumours.

WHERE it is conteyned as well in the Statute of Westm the First, as in the Statute made at Glocester the seconde yere of the Raigne of King Richarde the Seconde, That no Man shoulde bee so hardye to contryve speake or tell any false Newes lyes or other suche lyke false thinges of Prelates Dukes Earles Barons and other Noble* and Peares of the Realme, or of the Chancelour Treasurer Clerck of the Pry vie Seale Stewarde of the Kynges Householde Justices of thone Bancke or of thother, or of any of the greate Officers of this Realme : And that every suche Offendo' shoulde be taken and imprisoned untill suche tyme as he hadd brought him or them for the whiche did speake the same ; And where also at a Pliam' holden at Cambridge in the twelvethe yere of the reigne of the said King Richard, It was also enacted that where any suche Offendo' as is aforesaid shoulde be taken and imprisoned, and coulde not finde him of whom he hearde those Newes whiche he spake as is aforesayd, that then the same speaker shoulde bee punished by the Advice of the Cowncell; As by the same Actes amongest other more playnelye doo and maye appeare: Be it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnt Pliam1, That all and every the said former Actes and Statutes shalbe and remaine in their full force strengthe and effect to all internes constructyons and purposes: And further that Justices of Peace in every Shire Cytie and Towne Corporate within the lymites of their severall C.omissions shall by aucihoritie of this pnte Acte, have full powre to examyne heare and determyne the causes abovesaid in the said two firste Actes specyfied, and to put the said twoo first Statutes and every branche in them conteyned in due execucftn, that from hensforthe condigne punishement be not deferred from suche Offendours.

II.

Penalty for maliciously uttering seditious Slanders against the King or Queen : First Offence, Pillory and Loss of Ears ; or jCioo. and Three Months Imprisonment.

III.

Penalty for repeating such seditious Slanders: First Offence, Pillory and Loss of one Ear; or too Marks and One Month's Imprisonment.

And Forasmuche as dyvers and sundry malicious and evill disposed persons maliciouslye sediciouslye rebellyouslye and unnaturally, contrary to the Dutie of their Fidelytees and Allegiances, have now of late not onely ymagined invented practised spoken and spredd abroade dyvers and sundry false sedicious and sclaunderous Newes Rumours Sayenges and Tales, ageynst our most dreadd Sovereigne Lorde and King, and ageynst our most naturall Sovereygne Ladye and Quene and against either of them, of whom we ar forbidden to thinck evill and muche more to speake evell, Whiche Offence soundethe and ys aswell to the greate Dishonour Reproche and Sclaunder of their most Excellent Majesties, as also to the greate Sclander of this their Realme and other their Dominions, But also have devised made written printed publyshed and set for the dyvers heynous sedicious and sclanderous Writinges Rimes Ballades Letters Papers and Bookes, intending and practising therby to move and stir sedicious Discorde Disention and Rebellyon within this Realme, to the greate perill and daunger of the same; For avoyding wherof Be it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnt Pliam', That if any pson or psons after the xx"1 day of Februarye next ensuing, and after open Proclamac&n made of this Acte, shall maliciouslye of his or their Imaginac&n, speake any false seditious and sclanderous Newes Rumors Saienges or Tales of our said Sovereigne Lorde and King, or of our said most naturall Sovereigne Ladye and Quene, that then all and every suche person and persons so offending, being therof convicted or attainted in fourmc hereafter in this Acte expressed, shall for every first Offence in some Market Place within the Shire Citie or Baroughe wher or nere unto the Place where the sayd woordes were or shalbee so spoken, be set openly upon the Pylorye by the Sheryffe or his Ministers, yf yt shall fortune to be without any Citie or Towne Corporate, And if it happen to be within suche Citie or Towne Corporate then by the principal! Officer or Officers of suche Citie or Towne Corporate or his or their Ministers and ther to have bothe his eares cutt of, onles he paye One hundrethe powndes to the King and Quenes Highnes use, within one monethe next after jugement gyven of his sayd Offence, and also shall suffer imprysonement by the space of three monethes after suche his or their execuc&n.

And it is lykewise enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That all and every pson and psons whiche after the said dave and after Proclamac&n made of this Acte, shall maliciouslye speake any false sedicious and sclanderous Newes Rumours or Tales to the sclander and reproche of o' said Sovereigne Lorde the King or of our said most naturall Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, of the speaking or reporting of any other, that then all and every suche pson or psons so speaking and reporting being therof convicte or attainted in fourtne hereafter in this Acte expressed, shall for every suche Offence in some Markett Place within the Shire Citie Boroughe or Towne, wher or nere unto the place where the said wordes were or shalbee so spoken and reported, bee set openly upon the Pylorye by the Sherif or his Ministers, yf it shall fortune to be without any Citie or Towne Corporate, And if it shall happen to be within any Citie or Towne Corporate then by the principall Officer or Officers of suche Citie or Towne Corporate or his or their Ministers, and ther to have one of his eares cut of, onles he paye One hundrethe Markes to the Kinge and Quenes Highnes use, within one monethe next after jugement gyven of his said Offence, and also shall suffer Imprisonement by the space of one monethe after his or their Execuc&n.

IV.

Penalty on Writing! against the King or Queen, not being Treason within Statute aj E.II1. »t.J. c.a. Low of the right Hand.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That if any person or psons shall after the said daye and after Proclamac&n made as is aforesaid, maliciouslie devise write printe or set for the any maner of Booke Rime Ballade Letter or Writing, conteining any false Matter Clause or Sentence of Sclander Reproche and Dishono' of the King and Quenes Majesties or of either of them, or to the encoraging stirring or moving of any Insurrecc&n or Rebellyon within this Realme, or any Dominions belonging to the same, Or whosoever shall maliciouslie procure any suche Booke Rime Ballade Letter or Writing to bee written printed or set for the, and the said Offence not being punishable by the Statute made in the xxvu‘ yere of the Reigne of King Edward the thirde, concerning Treasons or Declaracyon of Treason, that then and in every suche cace the Offender and Offenders therin after his or their Convice&n or Attaindo', shall for his or their first

A.D. 1554^1554-5. 1° & 2" Phil. & Mar. c. 3.

241

Offence in some Market Place within the Shire Cide or Bourghe wher the said Offence ys or shalbe comitted or done, by the Shirefe or his Ministers yf it shall fortune to bee without any Cide or Towne Corporate, And yf within suche Ode or Towne Corporate, then by the princypall Officer or Officers of suche Cittye or Towne Corporate or by his or theyr Ministers, have his and their right hande stricken of.

And Be it further enacted by the thaucthoritee aforesaid. That if any p6on or psons being ons lawfully convicted of any of thoffences aforesaid, now provided to be punished by thexecuctm of losses of eare eares or hande as is aforesaid, doo afterwardes eftesones offende in any of the Offences aforesaid, that then he or they so offending shall suffer imprisonin' during his or their lyves without Baile or Mainprise, and forfeite and lose to the King and Quenes Majesties all his and their Gooddes and Cattelles.

And [Be it' ] also enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That [all * ] Justices of Oier and Determiner within the limites of their C5mission, Justices of Assise in their severall Circuites, Justices of Gaole Deliverie, and Justices of Peace, aswell within the Liberties as without, within the limites of their severall Comissions in their Generali Sessions or other Sessions whiche they or twoo of them, wherof one of them to bee of the Quorum, may and shall at their pleasure appointe, wher and when nede shall require, [and 1 ] shall by vertue hereof have full power and aucthoritee to enquire here and determine of all and every thoffences aforesayd as in cases and tryall of Fellony: And that the partie indicted and arraigned shall have advauntage of all maner of chalendges to the Jurye, peremptorie chalenge only except, as in triall of Felonye: And also that every Justice of Peace within the limites of his Comission, shall have full power and aucthoritee to comit any pson being vehemently suspected of any of the said Offences to Warde, ther to remayne without Baile or Mainprise untill he shalbe delyvered according to this Acte.

Provided Alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That no maner of pson or psons shalbe molested or impeached for any of thoffences concerning speaking or reporting as is aforesaid, onles he or they bee accused and convicted within three monethes next after his or their said Offence so comitted or done: And in cace any pson shalbe imprisoned for any of the said Offences concerning speaking or reporting, and not therof convicted within thre monethes next after his Offence supposed to be by him done and comitted, that then the pson so imprisoned shalbe set at libertie and no lenger deteyned in prison.

Provided Also and Be it enacted by aucthoritie aforeseid. That every suche Maior Maio" Bailiefes and other head Officer and Officers of Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate which have or hereafter shall have jurisdiction and aucthoritie within the severall limittes of their Office or Offices, to holde and kepe Sessions as Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall and maye by aucthorite hereof aswell arrest and comit to Warde all and every pson and psons being vehemently suspected of any of the Offences aforesaid ; as also to procede to thexecuc&n hearing and determining of every of the said Offences, and to see and make due execuc&n therof according to the purporte meaning and effect of this pnt Acte; Any thing in the same Acte heretofore made to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided Alwaies, That the said Justice of Peace, aswell within Liberties as without, the whiche shall for any thoffences aforesaid, comit any pson or psons to Warde as is aforesaid, shall within tenne days next after suche comitting, withe one other Justice, wherof one of them to be of the Quoru, directe their Precept to the Sherefe or Sherefes of the Cowntie wher thoffence shalbe comitted, or to other ordinary Officer, yf it be within any Citie or Towne Corporate wher the Sherife cannot intromitt, comaunding him or them by the same to Impanell and returne as they shall assigne xxiiij good and lawful Men of his or their Bailiwyke or Bailiwikes tenquire of the said Offence or Offences, the whiche any suche psone or psons shalbe so imprisoned for: And therupon within one monethe after the date of the sayd Precepte, to procede and determine as above is expressed; every one of the same Justices upon payne of Tenne powndes to be paide to the King and Quenes Highnes as often as they shalbe founde in defaulte of any the same.

Provided Also and Be it enacted, That this Acte shalbe proclaymed in all the Shires within this Realme, before the xiju‘ day of Februarye nexte coming, to thintent that all persones may have notyce therof, and avoide the pill and daunger that might ensewe by offending against the same: And this Acte to be onlye b force untill thende of the next Pliament and no longer.

(4) Provided Alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That none of the Peares of this Realme shalbe Arrested or Imprisoned for any of the said Offences but onelye by Order or Comandement geven from the King and Quenes Privy Coucell, or of theires of the Quene; and that the said Peares and every of them that shall hereafter fortune to be indicted of any thoffences aforesaid, shalbe tryed by their Peares, as before hathe bene accustomed in cases of Treason or Felonye.

1 yt is 0. • 0. omits. * 0. omits.

* This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3 Q

v.

Penalty on subsequent Offence, Imprisonment

for Life and Loss of Goods.

VI.

Proceedings against Offenders before Justices of Peace, itc.

vn.

Limitation of Prosecutions, Itc. Three Months.

VIII. Officers of Corporations may act as Justices of Peace.

IX.

A Jury shall be impannelled for Trial of Offences.

X.

Proclamation of this Act.

XI.

Imprisonment and Trial of Peers offending.

242

1" & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.4. 1554-5.

Recital of Slat. jaHen. VIII. c. 10. for banishing Egyptians:

Return of such Egyptians into England

Penalty on bringing them in ^4°.

II.

Egyptians so brought, remaining one Month, declared Felons.

nt

Present Egyptians remaining 20 Days, shall forfeit all their Goods, &c.

IV.

Such Egyptians not departing in Forty Days, declared Felons.

V.

Penalty oa suing any Licence, 4c. for their Stay, £40.

VI.

Proviso for Egyptians going to Service, 4c.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for the punishement of certayne Persons calling themselves Egiptians.

WHERE in a Parliament holden at Westminster in the xxij yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight. For thavoyding and banishing out of this Realme of certaine outlandishe People calling themselves Egiptians, using no crafte nor feate of marchaundises for to lyve by, but going from place to place in greate Companies, using greate suttle and craftye meanes to deceyve the Kinges Subjectes, bearing them in hande that they by Palmestrye coulde tell Mens and Womens Fortune ; and so many tymes by crafte and subtiltie deceyve the People of their money, and comitted divers greate and heinous Felonies and Roberies, to the great hurte and deceypte of the People, It was amongest other things then enacted, That from the tyme of the making of the said Acte, no suche psons should be suffred to come within this the Kinges Realme, upon payne of forfeyture to the King all their Goodes and Cateles, and then to be comaunded tavoide the Realme within tyftene days next after the edmaundement, upon payn of Imprisonement; and suche psons calling themselfes Egiptians as then were within this Realme, shoulde depart within xvj dayes next after Proclamacbn of the said Acte, upon paine of Imprisonement and Forfeiture of all their Goodes and Catells; withe divers other Clauses and Articles conteyned in the sayd Acte, as by the said Acte more at large it appearethe : Forasmuche as dyvers of the sayd Companie and suche other lyke psons not fearing the penaltie of the said Statute, have enterprised to come over againe into this Realme using their olde accustomed develishe and noughty practises and devises, withe suche abhominable lyving as is not in any Christian Realme to be permitted named or knowen, and bee not dulie punished for the same, to the perillous and evell example of our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King and the Quenes Majesties most loving Subjectes, and to thutter and extreame undoing of divers and many of them, as evidentlye dothe appeare: Fon Reformation wherof, Be it ordeined and enacted by the King and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde and Lady, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Pliam' assembled and by the aucthoritee of the same. That if any pson or psons after the last day of Januarie next coming, doo willinglye transporte bring and conveye into this Realme of England or Wales any suche psons calling themselfes or comonly called Egiptians, That then he or they so transporting bringing or conveyeng in any suche psons, contrary to the true meaning of this Acte, shall forfeite and lose for every tyme so offending, fourtye powndes of lawfull moneye of Englande.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That if any of the said psons called Egiptians whiche shalbe transported or conveyed into this Realme of Englande or Wales as ys aforesayd, doo continue and remaine within the same by the space of one monethe, that then he or they so Offending, shall by vertue of this Acte bee demed and judged a Fellon and fellons and shall therfore suffer paynes of Deathe losse of Landes and Goodes as in cases of Fellony, by thorder of the Comen Lawe of this Realme, and shall upon the tryall of them or any of them therin be tried in the Countie and by thinhabitantes of the Countie or Place where they or he shall be apprehended or taken and not p medietatem lingue, and shall lose the benefite and privilege of Sainctuary and Clergie.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf the Egiptyans or other persones comonly calling themselfes Egyptians and every of them now being within this Realme of Englande or Wales, doo not depart out of the same within xx" days next after Proclamacon of this pnt Acte shalbee made, that then he or they whiche shall not depart within the said time according to the true meaning of this Acte, shall forfeite and lose all his and their Goodes and Cattels; and that then it shalbe lawfull to all and every the King and the Quenes Subjectes to sease the same, thone moietie therof to be to thuse of our Sovereygne Lorde and Ladye the King and the Quene, and the other moietie therof to be to thuse of him or them that shall so sease the same.

And Be it also enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That if the Egiptians and other psons comonly called Egiptians and every of them nowe being within this Realme of Englande or Wales, doo not departe out and from the same within xl* dais next after Proclamacbn shall be made of this Acte, that then he or they whiche shall not depart and avoide within the said time of xl. days according to the true meaning of this Acte, shalbe judged and demed according to the Lawes of this Realme of England a Fellon and Fellons, and shall suffer therfore paynes of Deathe, losse of Landes and Goodes as in other cases of Fellonye, and shall bee tryed as ys aforesaid, and without having any benefite or privilege of Sainctuarie or Clergie.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That if any pson after the first day of Januarie next coming, shall sue for thobteining of any Lycence Letter or Pasporte, for any of the said psons called Egiptians tabide or continue within this Realme of Englande or Wales contrary to the tenour of this Acte, that then every suche pson so suing shall forfeite and lose for the same xl ti. of lawfull money of Englande; and that every suche Lycence Letter and Pasporte shalbe by vertue of this Acte voyde to all intentes and purposes; thone moietie of all whiche somes of money to be forfeited as is beforesaid, shalbe to the King and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, and thother moitie therof to be to him or them that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde, by accbn of Dett Bill Plaint or Informacon, wherin any Essoigne Wager of Lawe nor Proteccbn shalbe admitted [and1 ] allowed.

Provided alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this pnt Acte nor any thing therin conteined, shall not extende nor be hurtfull to any of the said psons comonly called Egiptians, whiche within the said time of XX. daies next after the said Proclamacbn to be made as is beforesaid, shall leave that noughtye idle and ungodly

aMI

Gou

A.D. 15546H554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.4,5.

243

i

i

k

lyes and company, and be placed in the service of some honest and able Inhabitante or Inhabitantes within this Realme, or that shall honestlye exercise himself in some lawfull worck or occupation; but that he or they so continuing in service or other lawfull woorck or occupacbn, shall during suche time as he or they shall so continue, be dischardged of all Paines and Forfeitures conteined in this Acte.

VIL

Provided Also and be it Enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That this Acte shall not in any wise extende to any pron» for Childe or Children being not above the age of xiiij yeares, nor to any of the said p6ons being now in prison, so that Chil^,Pn»antrs he or they so being in prison doo departe out of this Realme within xiiij days next after his or their deliverie out of prison, nor shall extende to chardge any maner of pson or psons as accessarye to any Offence or Offences conteined or specified in this Estatute.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to restrayne carrieng of Come Victuals and Wood over the Sea.

'TX7'HERAS sundry good Estatutes and Lawes hathe bene made within this Realme in the time of the Quenes W Highnes most noble Progenitoures, that none shoulde transporte carrye or conveye out of this Realme into any place in the parties beyonde the Seas, any Come Butter Chese or other Victuall, (Except onely for the vitailing of the Towne of Caleis Hames and Guisnes and the Marches of the same,) upon divers greate paynes and forfeitures in the same conteyned; That notwithestanding, many and sundrye covetous and unsariable psons seking their onely lucert and gaynes, hathe and dayly dothe carye and convey innumerable quantitie aswell of Come Chese Butter and other Victuall, as of Wood, out of this Realme into the pties beyonde the Seas ; By reason wherof the sayd Come Vyctuall and Wood arre growen unto a wonderfuli dearthe and extreame pryses, to the greate detryment of the Common wealthe of this yo' Highnes Realme and yor faithefull subjectes of the same: For Remedie wherof, It may please yo' Highnes that it may be enacted and be it enacted by yo' Highnes by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Pliam' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That no maner of pson or psons after the xx* daye of Januarye next coming, shall carye and transporte out of this Realme, by any Shippe Craier or other Vessell whatsoever, into any place in the parties beyonde the Seas or into the Realme of Scotlande, any Wheate Rie Barley or other Come or Grayne growing within this Realme, or any Maulte made within the same, or any Bere Butter Chese [Hearing 1 ] or Wood, (Except onlye to and for the victualing and furniture of the Townes of Callys Hames and Guisnes and to the Towne of Barwick and the Marches of the same,) without sufficient and lawfull aucthoritie so to doo, upon the paines and penalties hereafter ensuing; that ys to saye, thowner and owners of the sayd Shippes and other Vessells to forfeite the said Shippes Craiers and other Vessels, with all their apparelles to them and every of them belonging, wherin the said Come Butter Cheese [Hearing' ] Victuall or Wood shall be so transported and caried ; and the Owners and Owner of the said Corne Butter Chese [ Hearing ' ] and Woodd to forfeite the doble value of the same so caryed and conveied, and the Mr and Mareners of the said Shippes Craiers and Vessells for evrcy suche Offence to forfeite all their Gooddes, and to be imprisoned by the space of one whole yeare without Baile or Maynprise.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons, after the said xx"1 day of Januarie, doo carye and conveye away by Boate Crayer or other Vessell, or otherwise, any Wheate Rie Barley Malte or other Come or Grayne, or any Beere Butter Cheese [Hearing1 ] or Wood to any Shippe or Vessell being on the Seas, or within any Haven Creeke or other place of the Border of this Realme, to be transported caried and conveyed into any place in the pties beyonde the Seas, or into the Realme of Scotlande, without sufficient aucthoritie so to doo; That then every Owner of the sayde Victuales Corne and other things abovesaid, so transported or caryed, and thowner and Owners of every such Boate or Vessell, and the Boatemen and Mareners of the same, shall lose forfeite and suffer all suche forfeitures paines and penalties as is above rehearsed ; Thone moietie of all and everye whiche forfeiture or forfeitures to be to the King and Quenes Highnes their heires and successours, and thother moietie to him or them that will sue for the same by Bill Informac&n Accon of Det or otherwise in any of the King and Quenes Highnes Courtes of Recorde, In whiche Acc&n Bill or Sute the Defendant shall not wage his Lawe nor have any Essoigne or Protecc&n to him allowed.

And Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any p6on or psons shall obteine of the King and Quenes Majesties, their heires or successoures, or any of them, any Lycence to cary and transporte any Come Victuall or Wood into any parties beyonde the Seas, that if he or they to whom any suche Licence shalbe granted, or any other to whom suche pson or persons having suche licence shall give grante or sell his or their said Licence unto, shall cary and conveye or cause to be caried and conveyed any more Corne Victuall or Wood then shall be conteined in his or their said Licence, shall forfeite the treble value of the said Come Victuall or Wood so caried and transported without sufficient aucthoritee, and shall suffer Imprisonement for one whole yeare in the common Gaole wher he shall bee apprehended, ther to remaine without Baile or Maineprise.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That t» maner of pson or psons after the said xx"1 daye of Januarye that shall obteine or have any suche Licence, for transporting and carieng any Come Victuall or Wood into any partes beyonde the Seas, shall shippe fraught and lade the same, or any pte therof, at sundry places within this Realme, but at one place certaine ; upon paine of forfeiture of the said Come Victuall and Wood, and all his Gooddes

' Herryng 0.

Evasion of Former Law* against exporting

Provisions;

None shall export without Licence, to foreign Parts or Scotland, any Com, Malt, Beer, Butter, Cheese, Herring, or Wood Penalty, Forfeiture of the Vessel, Corn, See. and Imprisonment, gtc. of Master and Mariners.

II.

Like Penalties on carrying Corn, Icc. in Boats, to be shipped for Exportation.

Recovery, tec. of Penalties.

III.

Penalty on exporting Com, ire. more than licenced ; Treble Value and One Year's Imprisonment.

IV.

Persons licenced to export Corn, Ire. shall lade at one Place only.

c

044

1°&2°Phil. & Mar. c.5—7. ^.0.1554©>1554-5.

V.

Justices of Peace may determine Offences.

VI.

Corn may be exported at certain Prices: Wheat, 6s. 8d. ( Rye, 41.; Barley, 3s. per Quarter.

VII. Proviso for victualling Ships.

VIII. Proviso for the Admiralty Jurisdiction.

and Cattels j thone moietie thero to the King and Quenes Majesties their heires and successors, and thother moietie to him or them that will sue for the same, by Accon of Det Byll Plainte Informac&n or otherwise, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Proteccftn shall bee to him or them allowed.

And For the better Execuc&n of this Acte, Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, that all and singler Justices of Peace, aswell within the liberties as without, within their several I Authorities and Comissiones, at any tyme within three yeres next after suche Offences comitted, shall have full power and aucthoritee tenquire as well by thothes of xij lawfull men, as allso to heare and examyne the M' M" and Mareners of the sayd Shippes Craiers and other Vesselles, and all and every other pson and psons, of all and singler thoffendo's ageinst this pnt Acte, and to heare and determine the same Offencf, as they maye and ought to heare and determine any other Trespasses or Offences.

Provided Alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That at all time and times hereafter when the comon price of Corne within this Realme is, that Wheate shall not excede the price of vj s. viij d. the Quarter, and Rye iiij s. the Quarter, and Barlye iij s. the Quarter, it shalbe lawfull to every pson and psons to carye and transporte over the Sea to any Place beyonde the Seas at their pleasure, any of the said kindes of Come, so that it be not to the King and Quenes Enemies.

Provided Alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thinge therin conteyned shall extende to any person or persons for the necessarie victeling of any Shippe Shippes or other Vessells; but that they and every of them may victaile the said Shippes and Vessells as they might have done before the making of this present Acte ; This Acte or any thing therin conteined to the contrarye notwithestanding.

( 1) Provided Alwaies and Be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteined, shall not be prejudiciall or hurtfull unto the Lorde Greate Admirall of England for the tyine being, or to the King and Quenes MaT Jurisdice&n of Thadmiraltie; but that the said Lorde Admirall or his Deputie or Deputies, may and shall exersice use and execute all kinde of Jurisdice&n belonging to the Sea, according to his or their Comissions, as they might lawfully have done heretofore; This Acte or any thing therin conteined to the contrarye notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the renueng of three Estatutes made for the punishement of Heresies.

For repressing of Heresies j Stats. ; R. II. st. a. c.y. a II. IV. c. ij.

2 H. V. st. 1. c. 7. revived and made perpetual.

FOR [thexchuingand avoiding of Errours and Heresies whiche of late have rysen growenand much encreased within this Realme, for that thordinaries have wanted aucthoritee to procede agaynste thos that were infected therwithe : Be it therfore ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That the Statute made in the fifthe yere of the Reigne of King Richarde the Seconde, concerning tharresting and apprehencon of erronious and hereticall Preachers, And one other Statute made in the second yere of the Reigne of King Henrye the Fourthe concerning the repressing of Heresies and punishm1 of Heretikes, And also one other Estatute made in the seconde yere of the Reigne of King Henrye the Fifthe, concerning the suppression of Heresie and Lollardye, and every Article Branche and Sentence contained in the same three severall Actes and every of them, shall from the xxa‘ day of Januarye next c5ming be revived and be in full force strengthe and effecte to all Internes construcc&ns and purposes for ever. (1)

CHAPTER VIL

An Acte that parsons dwelling in the CoWtreye shall not sell divers Wares in Cities and Townes Corporate by Retaile.

"^"HERE before this tyme the auncient Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate and Market Townes, within this

Pro»perity of

M^«Town.nd ^ ^ Realme of Englande, have bene verie populous and cheifly inhabited with Marchantes Artificers and de»ycd b^r Country Handye craftesmen, during whiche tyme the Children in the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate and Market thereT * "g Townes were cyvilie brought up and instructed; And also the said Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate kept in good Order and Obeisance, and thinhabiters of the same well set on woorck and kept from Idlenes; By reason wherof the said Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate did then prosper in Riches and greate Wealthe, and were as

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * the eschewinge 0.

5 In some of the Old Printed Collections, Translations of the Three Acts revived are printed st length: But these are not inrolled in Chancery, nor annexed to the Original Act.

A.D. 1554SM554-5. 1" & 2" Phil. & Mar. c. 7.

245

I

k

k

k

i*

9

0

then not onely able to serve and fumishe the King and Quenes Majesties and other their Noble Progenitours Kinges of this Realine, aswell withe greate nombers of good able peons, and well furnished mete for the Warres, as also then charged and yet chargeable withe greate Feefermes Quindenies Taxes and divers other Paimentes to the King and Quenes Majesties, whiche at this pnt they be not able to pay and beare but to their utter undoing, being fewe in nomber to pay and beare the same; But also the same Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate are like to come verie shortly to utter destrucc6n ruine and decaye, by reason [wherof1 ] the Occupiours Lynen Drapers Wollen Drapers Haberdashers and Grocers dwelling in the Contreis out of the said Cities Borowes Townes Corporate and Market Townes, doo not onely occupie the Arte and Misterie of the said Sciences in the places wher they dwell and inhabite, but also [come * 3 unto the said Cities Borowghes Townes Corporate and Market Townes and ther [sell ‘ ] their Wares and [take4 ] away the Relief of thinhabitantes of the said Cities Borowes Townes Corporate and Market Townes, to the greate decaye and utter undoing of thinhabitantf of the same, yf spedye Reformac&n therin be not hadd in tyme convenient: Fon Remedy wherof and for the better amendement of the said Cities Borowes Townes Corporate and Market Townes, and to thende the same Cyties Boroughes and Townes Corporate may bee the better able to paie the said Fee fermes and also to beare thother ordinarye Charges within the same Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, and to fumishe the King and Quenes Majesties withe nombers of able persons like as they heretofore have doone in times past in tymes of Warre: Be it therfore enacted by our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie the King and Quene, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Pliam' assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, That any pson or psons whiche doo nowe inhabite and dwell, or hereafter shall inhabite or dwell, in the Contrey any where or Countie within this Realme of Englande out of any the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate or Market Townes, from and after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell next coming, shall not sell or cause to be solde by Retaile, any Wollen Clothe Lynnen Clothe Haberdashe wares Grocery wares Mercerye wares, at or within any of the said Cyties Boroughes Townes Corporate or Market Townes, or within the Suburbes or Liberties of the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate [or ‘ ] Market Townes within the said Realme of England, (except it be in open Faires,) upon paine to forfeite and lose for every tyme so offending the some of vjs. viijd. and the whole Wares so sold profered and offered to be solde c5trary to the forme entente and effecte of this pnte Acte as above ys said: Thone moitie of all whiche Forfeitures to be to thuse of our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King and Quenes Majesties, and thother half to him or them that shall sease and sue for the same in any of the King and Quenes Courtes of Recorde by Bill Playnte Acc&n of Dett Informacon or otherwise, wherein no Essoigne Protecc6n or Wager of Lawe shall bee allowed.

Provided Alway that this Acte shall not in any wise extende nor be hurtfull to any pson or psons that bring any of the said Wollen Clothe Lynnen Clothe Haberdashe Grocery Mercery ware or wares to any of the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate or Markett Townes to be solde or cause to be solde by Wholesale in grose and not by Retayle; but they and every of them maye lawfully sell the same in as large and ample maner forme and condic&n by Wholesale, in grose and not by Retaile, as they and every of them might have doone at any times or tyme before the making of this Acte: Any thing herein to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided Alway that this pnt Acte shall not extende to any pson or psons that now dwell or inhabite in the Contrey or hereafter shall dwell or inhabite out of any of the said Cities Borowes Townes Corporate or Market Townes; but that they and every of them at any tyme hereafter, when they or any of them shalbee free of any the Guildes and Liberties of any the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate or Market Townes, and dwell or inhabite within any of the same Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate or Market Townes, that they and every of them so being free, shall and maye sell or cause to be solde any of the Wares aforesaid by Retayle, in as ample and large maner as they and everye of them might have doone beyng free of the said Cityes Boroughes and Townes aforesayd before the making of this Acte : Any Clause or Article in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided Alwaies and be it enacted by the aucthoritee aforesayd, That yt shall bee lawfull to all psones to sell or cause to be solde by Retaile or otherwise, all maner of Clothe Lynnen or Wollen of their owne making, in every Citie Boroughe Towne Corporate and Markett Towne within the Realme, as freely and frankly as they might have doone before the making of this Acte : Any thing in the same conteyned to the contrary hereof notwithestanding.

(4) Provided alwaie that this Acte or any thing therin conteined, shall not be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Lyberties and Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxforde or either of them: Any thing in this Acte heretofore mentioned to the contrary notwithestanding.

1 So in Original Act: But this Word seems unnecessary. * comyth 0.

’ tellith 0. 4 takith 0. & O.

* This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Countrymen shall not retail Goods in Corporate or Market Towns, except at Fain: Penalty, 6s. 8d. and Forfeiture of Goods sold.

It.

Selling by Wholesale allowed.

Proviso for Countrymen made free, &c. in Corporations.

IV.

Proviso for retailing Cloth by the Maker.

V.

Proviso for the Universities.

246

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8.

A.D. 1554 & 1554-5.

Doctrines preached since 20 Hen. VIII.

Cardinal Pole sent from the Pope to restore the Nation to the Catholic Church

Tupplication and Declaration by the Lords & Commons, of their Sorrow for the Schism of the Nation, and Offer to repeal all Laws agjnifci. t)"*. Supremacy of Rome j

The Pope’s Pardon obtained through the KingandQueen;

All such Laws shall be repealed.

II.

Recital of St.

21 H.VIII. c.13. § 9. against obtaining Dispensations from Rome for Pluralities or Non-residence on Benefices;

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte repealing all Statutes Articles and Provisions made against the See Apostolick of Rome since the xx"' yere of King Henry theight, and also for thestablishment of all Spyrytuall and Ecdesiasticall Possessions and Hereditamentes conveyed to the Layetye.

WHEREAS since the xx" yere of King Henrye theight of famouse memorye. Father unto yor Majestie our most naturall Sovereigne and gracious Ladye and Quene, much false and erronious Doctrine hathe bene taught preached and written, partly by divers the naturall borne Subjectes of this Realme, and partly being brought in hither from sundry other foreine Countreis hathe bene sowen and spredd abroade within the same ; By reason wherof as well the Spiritualtie as the Temporaltie of your Highnes Realmes and Domynions have swerved from the Obedience of the See Apostolike, and declined from the unitie of Christes Churche, and so have continued, untill suche tyme as yo' Majestie beyng first raised up by God and sett in the Seate Roiall over Us, and then by his Devine and gracious Providence knitt in Mariage withe the most noble and vertuous Prince the King our Sovereigne Lorde yo' Husbonde, the Popes Holines and the Sea Apostolike sent hither unto yo' Majesties (as unto persons undefiled and by Godes goodnes preserved from the comon infecc&n aforesaid) and to the whole Realme, The most Reverende father in God the Lorde Cardinall Poole Legate de latere to call us home againe into the right waye, from whence we have all this long while wandred and strayed abroade : And We after sundry long and grevous plagues and calamities, seing by the goodnes of God our owne Errours, have [knowleged' ] the same unto the said most Reverende Father, and by him have bene and arr the reither at the contemplacon of yo' Majesties, receyved and embraced into the Unitie and Bosome of Christes Churche; and upon our humble submission and promise made, for a declarac&n of our repentance, to repeale and abrogate suche Actes and Statutes as had bene made in Pliam' since the said xx,y yere of the said King Henry theight, against the Supremacie of the Sea Apostolike, as in our submission exhibited to the said most Reverend Father in God by yor Ma" apperethe : The Tenor wherof ensuethe : We the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the C5mons assembled in this pnte Parliam’, representing the whole body of the Realme of Englande and the Dominions of the same. In the name of our selves pticulerlye, and also of the said bodye universally in this our supplication directed to yor Majesties withe most humble sute, that it may by yor Graces intercession and mean be exhibited to the most Reverende Father in God the Lorde Cardinall Poole Legate sent specially hither from our most Holy Father the Pope Julye the thirde and the See Apostolike of Rome, Doo declare ourselves very sory and repentante of the Scisme and Disobedience comitted in this Realme and Dominions aforesaid, against the said See Apostolike, either by making agreing or executing any Lawes Ordinances or Comaundementes against the Supremacie of the said Sea, or otherwise doing or speaking that might impugne the same ; offring our selves and promising by this our Suppplicacon that for a token and knowledge of our said repentance Wee be and shalbee alwayes readye, under and with thaucthorities of yo' Majesties, to thuttmost of our powers, to doo that shall lye in us for thabrogacon and repealing of the said Lawes and Ordinances in this pnte Pliam' aswell for our selves as for the whole bodye whom We represent: Whf.rupon We most humbly desire yo' Majesties, as psonages undefiled in thoffence of this body towardes the said Sea, whiche nevertheles God by his Providence hathe made subjecte to yo. To set furthe this our most humble Sute that We may obtaine from the See Apostolike by the said most Reverende Father, as well perticulerly as generally, Absolution Release and Dischardge from all daunger of suche Censures and Sentences as by the Lawes of the Churche We be fallen into: And that We may as children repentant be receyved into the Bosome and Unitie of Christes Churche, so as this noble Realme with all the Members therof may in this Unitie and perfecte Obedience to the Sea Apostolike and Popes for the tyme being, serve God and yo' Majesties to the furtherance and advancement of his Honour and Glorye, Wee arre at thintercession of yo' Ma" by thaucthoritie of our Holy Father Pope Julye the thirde and of the Sea Apostolike, assoiled discharged and delyvered from Excomunicacon Interdictions and other Censures Ecdesiasticall whiche hathe hanged over our heades for our said [defaultes * ] since the time of the said scisme mentioned in our (1) Supplicacon (4) It maie now lyke yo' Ma,K' that for thaccomplishement of our promise made in the said Supplication, that is to repeale all Lawes and Statutes made contrary to the said Supremacye and See Apostolike during the said Schisme, the whiche is to be understande since the xx" yere of the Raigne of the said late King Henrie theight, and so the said Lorde Legate doth accepte and recognise the same.

Where in the Pliament begune and holden at Westminster in the xxj yere of the raigne of the late King of most famouse memorye King Henrye theight, One Acte was then and there made against Pluralyties of Benefices for taking of fermes by Spuall Men and for Non Residence, In the whiche Acte amongest other things it was ordeined and enacted, That if any pson or psons at any tyme after the first daye of Aprill in the yere of our Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundrethe and thirtye, contrary to the same Acte shoulde procure and obteine at the Courte of Rome or elswhere any lysence or licences union tolleracon or dispensation to receive [or5 ] take any more Benefices withe Cure then was lymited and appointed by the same Acte j Or els at any time after the said day should put in execution any such Lycence Tolleracon or Dispensation before that tyme obteyned contrary to the said Acte, that then every such pson or psons so after the said daye suing for himself or receyving and taking suche Benefice by force of such Lycence or Lycences Union Tollerafbn or Dispensation, That is to say, The same pson or psons onely and [none 6 ] other shoulde for every suche defaulte incurre the danger payne and penaltie of xx ti. sterling, and shoulde also lose the whole profites of every

1 acknowledged O. 8 faultes 0. J saide O.

8 The which time the said Lord Legat and we do all declare recognise and mean by this Act to be only since the xx" yere of the reigne of your most noble father King Henry the Eight 0. 5 and 0. 0 no 0.

Gck-

A.D. 1554a? 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8.

247

suche Benefice or Benefices as he receyvetho or takethe by force of any suche Licence or Lycences Union Tollerac&n or

Dispensac&n: And wher also in the sayd Acte it was ordeined and enacted, that yf any pson or psons dyd procure

or obteine at the Courte of Rome or clswher any maner of Lycence or Dispeusacon to be non [ residense1 ] at their

Dignities Prebende or Benefices contrary to the said Acte, That then every suche pson or psons putting in execut&n any

suche Dispensac&n or Lycence for himself, from the said first daye of April! in the said yere of our Lorde God One

thowsande five hundrethe and thirtye, shoulde rune and incurre in the penalde damage and payne of xx ti sterling for every

tyme so doing, to be forfeited and recovered as by the said Acte ys declared ; and yet suche Lycence or Dispensac&n so

procured or to bee putt in execuc&n to be voyde and of none effecte, as by the same Acte more playnely it dothe and

maye appeare : Be it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnt Pliam', That as muche onely of the said Acte as concemethe Recited CUuaet

the Articles and Clauses aforesaid, and all and every the woordes and sentences conteined in the said Acte concerning rePe*w-

the sayd Articles and Clauses and every of them, shall from hensforthe be repealed adnulled revoked adnichilated and

utterlye made voide for ever: Any thing in the said Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

And Where also at the Session of the same Pliam* holden upon prorogattm in the xxiij yere of the reigne of the said late King Henry theight, One Acte intituled Thacte that no pson shall be cited out of the Diocesse where he or she dwellethe except in certayn cases : And where also at the said Pliam* in the Session holden at Westminster upon prorogac&n (*) the xxiiij yere of the raigne of the said late King Henrye the eight. One Acte was made that Appeales in suche cases as hathe bene used to be pursued to the Sea of Rome should not from [hensforthe* ] bee hadd nor used but within this Realme;

And where also at the said Pliam* holden at Westminster in the xxj yere of the raigne of the said late King Henrye theight, and ther continued by dyvers prorogac&ns untill the [xxiiij4 ] day of Aprill in the xxvij yere of his raigne, One Acte was made concerning restraintes of paymentes of Annates and First Frutes of Archebishoprickes and Bishoprickes to the Sea of Rome; And where at a Session of the sayd Pliam* holden in the xxv yere of the raigne of the said late King, ther was also one Acte made, intituled The submission of the Clergie to the Kinges Majestie; And One other Acte intituled One Act restraining the said paimentes of Annates or First Frutes to the Bishoppe of Rome and of the electing and consecrating of Archebishopes and Bishopes within this Realme; And one other Acte was then and ther made intituled An Acte concerning thexonerac&n of the Kinges subjectes from exacc&ns and impositions before that tyme paide to the Sea of Rome, and for having Licences and Dispensac&ns within this Realme without suing further for the same: Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam*, That the said severall Actes made for the restraint of (*) paiment of the said Annates and First Fruites, and all other the said Actes made in the said xxiiij and xxv yeres of the raigne of the said late King and every of them, and all and every Branche Article Matter and Sentence in them and every of them conteined, shalbe by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam* from hensforthe utterly Voide made frustrate and repealed to all intentes construccons and purposes.

III.

The following Act* ill repealed, nx. xj Km c.9. Foreign Citation! j

14 H. VIII. e. ix. Appeals to Rome

a] H. VIII. c. 10. Payment of Annates;

it H.VHL c.i9.

Clergy's Submission

15 H. VIII. e. 10. consecrating Bishops;

a; H. VIII. c. it. Exactions from Rome.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthontie of this pnte Pliam', That all and every theis Actes following.

That ys to save; One Acte made at the Session of the said Pliament holden upon prorogac&n at Westminster in the xxvj" yere of the raigne of the said late King Henrye theight intituled An Acte concerning the Kinges Highnes to be Supreme Heade of the Churche of Englande, and to have aucthoritee to refourme and redresse all erroures heresies and abuses in the same; And one other Acte made in the same Session of the same Pliam* intituled An Acte for nominac&n and consecrac&n of Suffragans within this Realme; And one other Acte made in the xxvij yere of the raigne of the said late King Henrye theight, intitled An Acte wherby the King should have power to nominate xxxij psons of his Clergie and Laye Fee for [the4] making of Ecclesiasticall Lawes ; And also one other Acte made at the Pliam* holden at Westminster in the xxviij yere of the raigne of the said late King Henry theight, entituled An Acte extinguishing thaucthoritee of the Bishoppe of Rome; And one other Acte made in the same Pliament, entituled An Acte for the release of suche as then had obteyned pretended Lycences and Dipensacons from the Sea of Rome; And also all that parte of thacte made in the said xxviij yere of the said King, entituled, An Acte for thestablishement of the Succession of the Imperiall Crowne of the Realme, that concemethe a prohibition to marrye withein the Degrees expressed in the said Acte; And also one other Acte made at the Pliam* holden at Westmynster in the xxxj yere of the raigne of the said late King Henrye theight, intituled An Acte authorising the Kinges Hieghnes to make Bishoppes by his letters patentes; And one other Acre made in the Session of the same Pliam* begonne in the said xxxj yere, holden upon prorogac&n the xxxij yere of the reigne of the said King Henry theight, entituled An Acte concerning Precontractes of Marriages, and towching Degrees of Consanguinitee; And one other Acte made in the Pliam* holden at Westminster in the xxxv*1' yere of the reigne of the said late King Henrye theight, entituled An Acte for the ratificac&n of the Kinges Majesties Stile, shall henceforthe be repealed made frustrate voide and of none effecte.

And Where also at the said Pliam* holden at Westminster in the xxxv yere of the reigne of the said late King Henrye theight, One other Acte was made, entituled An Acte concerning thestablishement of the succession of the said King in the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme: In the whiche Acte there ys a fourme of a corporall Othe devised and rcpcilc<*' set iorthe, that every Subjecte of this Realme shoulde be bounde to take, against the powre aucthoritee and jurisdice&n of the Sea of Rome: Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam', that so muche of the said Acte as touchethe the said Othe against the Supremacie, and all Othes therupon had made and geven, shall be from hensforthe utterly voide repealed and of none effecte.

IV.

The following Act i, Stc. repealed, vix. 16 H. VIII. c. 1. King * Supremacy;

16 H. VIII. c. 14. Consecration of Suffragan*;

»7 H. VIII. c.jj. Ecclesiastical Laws; 18 H. VIII. c. 10. Authority of the Pope ; xl H.VIII. c. 16. Release of Dispensations j 18H.VIII.C.7. ly. Prohibited Degrees in Marriage j 31 H.vili. c.9. appointing Bishops;

31 H. VIII. c. 38. Pre-Contracts of Marriage;

« H.VIII. c. 1. The King's Style.

33 H.VIII. c. 1 f 7. Oath of Supremacy

1 resident 0.

• in O.

1 thensforthe O.

4 xiiij* O.

» the O.

• O. omila.

Die

248

1°& 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8. 1554-5.

VI.

37 H.VIII. c. 17.

Marriage of Doctors of Civil Law repealeJ.

VII.

11:. VI. c 12. {$,6. King’s Supremacy, .pealed.

VIII.

All Statutes since 30 Hen. VIII. against the Pope’s Supremacy, repealed.

IX.

Supplication by tin- Lords and Commons for Confirmation by the Pope's Dispensation of certain Matters since the Schism,

New Bishopricks,

Schools, See.

Marriages;

Institutions, See. of Benefices ; Processes on Appeals; Disposition of Lands and Goods of suppressed Monasteries, See.

X.

Supplication by the Bishops and Clergy of the Province of Canterbury,

And Where also one other Acte was made in the xxxvij yere of the raigne of the said late King Henrye theight, entituled An Acte that Doctours of the Civill I-awe being maried might exercise Ecclesiastical 1 Jurisdiction: Be it enacted by thaucthoritie of this pnt Pliant* that the said Acte last before mentioned, and all and every Branche Article Sentence and Matter conteyned in the same shall from hensfourthe bee repealed, and utterly rnaide voide and of none effecte.

And Where one other Acte was made at the first Session of the Pliam* holden at Westminster in the first yere of the raigne of King Eduarde the Sixte, entituled An Acte for the repeale of certaine Statutes concerning Treasons Felonies, Sic. In the whiche Acte amongest other thinges ther is conteined certaine Provisions Paines Penalties and Forfeitures, for and against suche as shoulde by open preachinges expres woordes saienges writing printing overt dede or acte affirme or set furthe that the King of this Realme for the time being is not or ought not to bee supreame Heade in Earthe of the Churches of Englande and Irelande ne of any of them ; or that the Bishoppe of Rome or any other pson or psons other then the King of Englande for the tyme being is or ought to bee supreme Head of the same Churches, or any of them, as in the same Acte last before rehersed more at large is conteined and maye appeare: Be it enacted by aucthoritee of this present Pliam', that thes Clauses before rehersed, and other of the said Acte, concerning the Supremacye, and all and every Branche Article Woordes and Sentence in the same, sownding or tending to the derogacon of the Supremacie of the Popes Holines or the Sea of Rome, and all paines penalties and forfeitures made against them that should by any meanes set for the or extoll the said Supremacie, shall bee from henceforth utterly voyde and of none effecte.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all Clauses Sentences and Articles of every other Statute or Acte of Pliam* made sithence the said xxu yere of the raigne of King Henry theight, againste the supreme aucthoritie of the Popes Holines or Sea Apostolike of Rome, or contenting any other matter of the same effect oneiy, that is repealed in any of the Statutes aforesaid, shall be also by aucthoritee hereof from hensforthe utterly voide frustrate and of none effecte.

And Where We yo* most humble Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this pnt Pliam* assembled have exhibited to yo* Majesties one other Supplicac&n in fourme following: We the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam* assembled, representing the whole Body of this Realme, reauced and receyved by yo* Majesties intercession to the unitie of Christes Churche, and thobedience of the Sea Apostolike of Rome, and the Popes Holynes governing the same, make most humble suite unto yo* Majesties to be lykewise meanes and intercessoures that all occasions of contencbn hatred grudge suspicon and troble both outwardly and inwardly in mens Consciences, whiche might arise amongest Us, by reason of disobedience, maye by aucthoritee of the Popes Holynes and by the ministration of the same unto Us by the most Reverende Father in God the Lorde Cardinall Poole, by dispensaum tolleracon or permission respectively as the case shall require, be abolished and taken away, and by aucthoritye sufficient theis Articles following and generally all others whan occasion shall so require, may bee provided for and confirmed.

First, That all the Bishoprikes Cathedrall Churches Hospitalles Colleges Scoles and other suche Foundations nowe continuing, made by aucthorite of Parliament or otherwise established according to thorder of the Lawes of this Realme sithence this Scisme, may be confirmed and continued for ever. Item, that Mariages made Infra gradus prohibitos consanguinitatis affinitatis cognacois spualis, or w* might be made voide Propter impedimentum publice honestatis justicie, or for any other cause prohibited by the Canons oneiy, may be confirmed, and Children borne of those Mariages declared legittimate; so as those Mariages were made according to the Lawes of the Realme for the time being, and be not directly against the Lawes of God, nor in suche case as the Sea Apostolike hath not used to dispence withall. That lnstitucons of Benefices and other Promoc&ns Ecclesiasticall and Di*pensac6ns made according to the fourme of Thacte of Pliam* may be likewise confirmed. That all Judiciall Processes made before any Ordinaries of this Realme, or before any Delegates upon any Appeales according to thorder of the Lawes of the Realme, may bee likewise ratified and confirmed. And Finallie where certaine Actes and Statutes have bene made in the time of the late Scisme, concerning the Landes and Hereditamentes of Archebishoprikes and Bishoprikes, the suppression & dissolution of Monasteries Abbeis Priories Chantreis Colledges and all other the Gooddes and Cattalles of Religious Howses, Since the whiche tyme the Right and Dominion of certaine Landes and Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattelles belonging to the same be dispersed abroade, and come to thandes and possessions of dyvers and sundrye psons, who by gyfte purchace exchange and other meanes according to thorder of the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme for the tyme being, have the same: For thavoiding of all Scruples that might growe by any thoccasions aforesaid or by any other wayes or meanes whatsoever, It maie please yo* Majesties to be Intercessours and Mediatours to the said most Reverende Father Cardinall Poole, That all suche Causes and Quarrelles as by pretence of the saide Scisme or by any other occasion or meane whatsoever might be moved, by the Popes Holynes or See Apostolike or by anie other Jurisdiction Ecclesiasticall, maie be utterly removed and taken away ; so as all psons having sufficient conveiance of the said Landes and Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattelles as is aforesaid by the Comon Lawes Actes or Statutes of this Realme, may without Scruple of Conscience enjoy them, without Impeachem* or Troble by pretence of any generall Councell Canons or Ecclesiasticall Lawes, and clere from all dangers of the censures of the Churche.

And conformably hereunto the Bishopes and Clergie of the Province of Cantorburic have presented to your Majesties a Supplication in this Tenor that followethe : Nos Episcopi, et Clerus Cantuariensis Provintie in hac Synodo more nro solito, dum regni Pliainentu celebratur, congregati, cum omni debita Humilitate et Reverentia, exponimus Mabj vris qd licet Ecclesiarutn, quibus in Episcopos, Decanos, Archidiacanos, Rectores et Vicarios prefecti sumus ct

-* W It-

A.D. 1554& 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8.

249

ii

a

h

Ii

ii

It

M

i>

b

i

0

r

i

3

1*

fc>

ki

!?

if

!*

If

[If)

i*

if'

ill

1*

in Synod, that, for the Sake of Public Peace, the Alienation of the Land*, &c. of Monaateriea, See. during the Rchiam, should be sanctioned by the Legate'i Arbitrament

That the Clergy’. Ecclesiastical Juriidiction may be mtored, and all Law. to the contrary repealed.

animarum, que nobis et cure hre subjecte sunt, et carundem bonorum Jurisdictionu, et Juriu ex sacroru Canonum dispositione, defensores et curatores constituti sumus, et propterea ipsarum Bona, Jurisdictiones et Jura, in pernicioso hujus Regni pratterito scismate deperdita et amissa, omni studio et totis nris viribus recuperare, et ad pristinum Ecclesiaru jus revocare, juris remediis niti deberemus: Nichilominus tamen habito prius p Nos super hac re, maturo consilio et deliberatione, ingenue fatemur nos optime cognoscere, quam haec bonoru Ecclesiasticoru difficilis, et quasi impossibiiis esset recuperatio, propter multiplices ac pene inextricabiles sup hiis habitos contractus et dispositiones, et quod si ea tentaretur, quies et tranquilitas Regni facile perturbaretur, et unitas Ecclesie Catholice, que jam pietate et aucthoritate Majestatu vestraru hoc in regno introducta est, cu maxima difficultate suu debitu progressum et finem sortiri posset:

Ideo nos bonam, et quietem publicam privatis comoditatibus, et salutem tot animaru pretioso Christi sanguine redemptaru terrenis bonis anteponentes, et non que nra sed quae Jhesu Christi sunt querentes ; Majestates vestras enixe rogamus, ejusq humiliter supplicamus, ut Reverendissimo in Christo Patri, Dno Reginaldo Cardinali Polo, ad ipsas et universum hoc Anglie Regnu Sanctissimi Dni Sri, Dni Julii, Pape tertii, et Apostolice sedis de latere Legato, hec n5ie Hro insinuare, et apud eum intercedere dignentur, ut in hiis bonis Ecclesiasticis, in parte vel in toto, arbitrio suo juxta facultates sibi ab eodem Sanctissimo I>no nro Papa concessas, eorundem bonoru detentoribus elargiendis et relaxandis, publieu bonu privato, pacem et tranquilitatem dissidiis et perturbationibus, atq animaru salutem bonis terrenis, preferre et anteponere velit; Nos enim in omnibus, que ab ipso Legato statuta et ordinata circa hec bona fuerint, exnunc prout extunc, et econtra, consensum nostrO prestatnus, inio etiam ut in praemissis se difficilem aut restrictum reddere non velit, Majestates vestre nro noie eum hortari et rogare dignabuntur. Insup Mah3 vestris supplicamus ut pro sua pietate efficere dignetur, ut ea que ad jurisdictionem hram et libertatem Ecclesiasticam pertinent, sine quibus debitu iiri pastoralis Officii, et cure animarum nobis commisse exercere non possumus, [Vobis 1 ] superioru temporu injuria ablata restituantur, et ea nobis, et Ecdesiis perpetuo illaesa et salva permaneant, et ut oes Leges, que hanc iiram jurisdiccoem et libertatem Ecciiastica tollunt, seu quovis modo impediunt, abrogentur, Ad honorem Dei et Majestu vraru, et universi hujus Regni Spuale et Temporale comodum et salutem ; certam spem etiam habentes, Majestates vestras, pro sua singulari in ipsum Deum pietate, proqv multis et insignibus ab ipsius Dei bonitate acceptis beneficiis, necessitatibus et incomodis hujus sui Regni Ecclesiarum maxime curam animarum habentium nunquam defuturas esse, sed prout Opus fuerit consulturas atq provisuras.

Forasmuche as the said most Reverend Father the Lord Legate, at thintercession of yor Majesties hathe by XI.

thaucthoritye of the Sea Apostolike, sufficiently dispensed in the matters specified in the said severall Supplications, as Cardinal Pole, the in his said Letters of Dispensation is conteyned more at large; The Tenour wherof ensuethe: Reginaldus miseradone PoPe’* Legate: Divina SancteJVIarie in Cosmodin Sancte Romane Ecclesie Diaconus Cardinalis Polus nuncupatus ad Serenissimos Phillippum the

et Mariam, Anglie Reges, fidei defensores, et universum Anglie Regnu, Sanctissimi I>ni iiri Pape et sedis Apostolice de Supplication, latere Legatus, eisdem Serenissimis Philippe et Marie Regibus, salutem in Duo sempiternam. Cum supremu consiliu ^Common. • istius regni Plamentu nuncupatu Majestatibus vestris, p suos supplices libellos, exposuisset quod perniciocissimo scismate in hoc Regno alias vigente, quod nunc Dei misericordia et Majestatu vestrarum pietate extinctum est, Aucthoritate ipsius Plamenti, nonnulli episcopatus divisi, et ex [ hiis1] alique inferiores Ecclesie in Cathedrales erecte, et Schole atque Hospitalia fundata, necnon plurime dispensationes et beneficiorum provisiones facta fuerunt, ac multe persone, quibus persuasum fuerat Juris Canonice dispositiones hoc in Regno amplius locum non habere, inter se in gradibus consanguinitatis vel affinitatis, de jure prohibitis & aliis impedimentis Canonicis sibi obstandbus, matrimonia p verba de praesenti contraxerunt, et multi actus Juditiarii et processus, tarn in primis quam ulterioribus instantiis sup rebus Spualibus et Ecclesiastisis coram Judicibus, tarn Ordinariis quim Delegatis, qui aucthoritate laicale pcedebant, habiti et servati, ac super eis etiam sentende late et promulgate fuerunt, & bona Ecclesiastics p diversas ejusdem Regni personas occupata, et apprehensa fuerunt: Que quidem licet ex sacroru Canonu insdtutis irrita declarari possent, tamen si ad atm statum quam in quo nunc sunt revocarentur, publics pax et quies univefsi Regni turbaretur, et maxima confusio oriretur, preserdm si dictoru bonoru possessors molestarentur: Et propterea Majestadbus vris humiliter supplicaverint, ut apud Nos intercedere dignentur, ut premissaru reru firmitati et stabilitad, et simul hujus Regni quieri et tranquilitati, de Benignitate Apostolica provider velimus: Cuing Episcopi quoq deinde ac reliquus a,d of the Clergy Provinsie Cantuariensis Clerus totum fere corpus [Ecclesiasticoru'] Regni representans, ad quos hec bonoru Ecclesiasticoru th* J’r0Tlnce of

• its • _ . ... vintcrbury i

causa maxune pertmet, exposuerint quod hec bona ad jus Ecclesiarum revocan non possunt, quin pax universalis et

quies hujus Regni turbetur, et causa fidei atq unitads Ecclesie, jam toto oim consensu hoc in Regno introducta, in

tnaximu periculu adducatur et propterea ipsi quoqs supplicaverint, ut apud Nos intercedere velint ut in [hiis * ] bonis

Ecclesiasticis possessoribus relaxandis, restricti et difficiles esse nollemus, Majestates autein vestre, ad quas maxime

spectat providere ut Regnum iparu potestati regimini et cure comissum, in pace et iranquillitate conservetur

His Supplicationibus et Postulatis cognitis et mature consideratis, indicaverint ea oia, et maxime ilia que in bonoru

Ecclesiasticoru causa petuntur, pro causa fidei et pro pace publica, p nos debere sine ulla diladone concedi, et

quemadmodu rogate fuerunt, apud nos intercedere dignatae fuerint; prout in Supplicationibus p idem supremu consiliu,

et Episcopos, ac C.leru prefatu Majestatibus vris porrcctis, atq in libello intercessionis p easdem Majestates vras Nobis

simul cu aliis supplicationibus exhibit, latius apparet: Inctuco Nos, qui ad Ma,c* vras et hoc nobilissimfi Regnum The Power, of the

vrm Sanctissimo Dno nro Julio, Papa tertio, ipsius et sedis Apostolice de latere Legata missi sumus, ut Regnu istud, UK^ed" to^the

quod jam diu ab Ecclesie Catholice unitate separatu fuerat, Deo et Ecclesiae Christi, ejusqs in terris Vicario reconciliaremus ; Church of Christ

et ut ea oia qua: ad pacem et tranquillitatem hujus Regni ptinerent oi Studio procuraremus, postquam Dei benignitate et TnEtnh'*

Majestatu vraru pietate, p aucthoritatem ejusdem Sanctissimi Dni nri Papa:, cujus Vices hie sustinemus, Reconsiliatio

jam facta est, ut paci et tranquillitati Regni prefati consulamus, atq ut unitas Ecclesie, ex qua salus tot aiarii

pretioso Christi sanguine redemptaru dependet, hoc in Regno jam introducta corroboretur; et salva pmaneat, cum

1 nobis 0.

• his 0.

1 Ecdesiasticu 0.

3 S

i

250

1° & 2? Phil. & Mab. c. 8. 1554Sf 1554-5.

utriusq rei stabilitatem in eo maxime consistere, si horum bonorum Ecclesiasticoru possessoribus molestia nulla inferatur, quominus ea teneant, tot et tam gravia testimonia nobis fidem fariant, et Majestatum vraru intercessio, que pro unitate Ecclesie et sedis Apostolice aucthoritate hoc in Regno instauranda tam studiose et tam pie elaborarunt, earn quam par est aucthoritatem apud nos habeat, et ut universum hoc Regnu sedis Apostolice matemam vere indulgentiam et charitatem erga se agnoscat, et re ipsa experiatur; Quoscumq ad quos infra scripts pertinent, a quibusvis Excommunications, excomunicationis suspensionis et interdicd, aliisq Ecclesiasticis sententiis, sensuris et penis a jure vel ab homine &c. and the Erection of new Cathedrals,

Schools, &c. confirmed

Dispensation from all

Dispensation for certain Marriages and Legitimation of Issue, lec.;

for Spiritual Orders, Benefices, &c.;

quavis occasione vel causa latis, si quibus quomodolibet innodati existunt, ad effectum pnsium dumtaxat consequendu haru serie absolventes, et absolutos fore censentes, Aucthoritate Apostolica, per Iras Sanctissimi Dni nri, I>ni Julii Papae tertii nobis concessa, et qua fungimur in hac parte, tenore pntium dispensamus, quod oes et singule CathedraliQ Ecclesiaru erecriones, hospitaliu et scholaru fundationes, tempore preteriti scismatis, licet de facto et nulliter attentate, in eo statu, in quo nunc sunt, perpetuo, firme, et stabiles permaneant, illisq Apostolice firmitatis robur adjicimus, Ita ut non ea aucthoritate qua prius, sed ea quam nunc eis tribuimus, facta ab omnibus censeantur. Et cu oibus et singulis psonis Regni predicti, que in aliquo consanguinitatis vel affinitatis gradu etiam multiplici, vel cognadonis spualis, seu publice honestatis jusdde impedimento de jure positivo introductis, et in quibus sanctissimus I>ns noster Papa dispensare consuevit matrimonia, scienter vel ignoranter de facto contraxerint, ut aliquo impedimentoru premissoru non "obstante, in eoriS Matrimoniis sic contractis libere et licite remanere, seu ilia de novo contrahere possint, misericorditer in Dno dispensamus, prolem susceptam, (1) suscipiendam legidmam decementes; ita tamen ut qui scienter, et malitiose contraxerint, a sentenda excomunicationis, et ab incestus seu sacrilegii reatu, absoluc&nem a suo Ordinario vel curato, quibus id faciendi facultatem concedimus, obtineant; Ac oes Ecclesiasdcas, seculares, seu quorumvis Ordinu regulares personas, que aliquas impetrationes, dispensariones, concessiones, gratias, et indulta, tam Ordines, quam beneficia Ecclesiasdca, seu alias spuales materias pretensa aucthoritate supreinitads Ecclesie Anglicane, licet nulliter et de facto obtinuerint, & ad cor reverse Ecclesie unitati restitute fuerint, in suis Ordinibus, et beneficiis per nosipsos, seu a nobis ad id deputatos, misericorditer recipiemus, prout jam multae recepte fiierunt, secumq sup [ hiis * J for Proceawi oportune in Domino dispensabimus: Ac omnes processus, in quibusvis instantiis coram quibusvis judicibus, tam Spiritual Matters; Ordinariis q delegatis etiam laicis sup materiis spualibus habitos et formatos, et sententias super eis latas, licet nulliter et de facto, quoad nullitatem ex defectu Jurisdictionis prefato tantum insurgentem sanamus, illosq, et illas aucthoritate for^tm" ! Apostolica confirmamus : Ac quibusvis hujus Regni personis, ad [quorumanus Bona Ecclesiasdca ex quocumq contractu Property, moveable seu titulo onoroso vel lucrativo jam devenerint, illaq tenuerint, seu etiam teneant, oes et quoscumq fructus ex ejusdem or immovable. bonis, licet bdebite perceptos, b totum remittimus et relaxamus; Volentes, ac Decementes qd dcoru bonorum Ecclesiasdcorum, tam mobilium q*m immobiliu, possessores prefad non possbt, b presenti nec in posterum, seu p conciliorum generaliu vel provbdaliu dispositiones, seu decretales Romanorum Pondficu Epistolas, seu aliam quamcumq censuram Ecclesiasticam, b dictis bonis seu eorundem possessione molestari, inquietari, vel perturbari, nec eis alique censure, vel penae Ecclesiastice ppter hujusmodi detentionem seu non resritutionem irrogari vel infligi; et sic p quoscumq Justices et Auditores, sublata eis quavis aliter judicandi et bterpretandi facultate et aucthoritate judicari et diffiniri debere, et quicquid secus attemptari condgerit, irritum et inane fore decemimus, non obstandbus premissis defecdbus, et quibusvis Apostolicis ac in Provincialibus et Sinodalibus consiliis aeditis specialibus vel generalibus Constitutionibus, et Ordbadonibus, ceterisq contrariis, quibuscumq; Admonemus tamen cum divisio Episcopatuum, et erectio Cathedraliu Ecclesiarum sint de majoribus causis, que sumo Pontifici sunt reservate, recurrendum esse ad suam Sancdtatem, et ab ea suppliciter postulandum, ut hec confirmare, seu de novo facere dignetur: Et licet oes res mobiles Ecdaru bdistincte iis, qui [eos4 ] tenent relaxaverimus, eos tamen admonitos esse volumus, ut ante oculos habentes Divini judicii severitatem contra Balthasarem Regem Babilonis, qui vasa sacra, non a se sed a patre e templo ablata, b prophanos usus convertit, ea propriis Ecclesiis si extant, vel aliis restituant: Hortantes etiam, et p viscera miserecordb Jesu Christi obtestantes eos omes quos hec res tangit, ut salutis sue non omnino immemores, hoc saltern efficiant, ut ex bonis Ecclesiasticis, maxime iis que radone personatuu et vicariatuu populi ministrorum sustentadoni fuerbt Paroiw Md Vicu». specialiter destinata, seu aliis Cathedralibus, et aliis que nunc extant inferioribus Ecclesiis curam animarum exercendbus ita provideatur, ut earum pastores persone et Vicarii, comode et honeste juxta eorum qualitatem et statu sustentari possbt, et curam animarum laudabiliter exercere et onera incumbentia congrue supportare. Datum Lambethe prope Londbu Wintonien DiocesS j Anno Nativitatis Dni Millesimo Quingentesimo Qubquagesimo Quarto j Nono Calend Januarii; Pontif. Sanctissimi in Christo Patris et Domini nostri, Julii, Divba Providentia Papae Tertii, Anno Qubto.

Reginaldus Cardinalis Polus Lboatus.

Division of Bishopricks to be confirmed by the Pope;

Restitution of Moveables of Churches recommended, and Provision for

XII. The recited Dispensation confirmed by Parliament.

Web the said Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this pnt Plain assembled, rendring most humble thanckes to yor Majesties, by whos btercession and meanes we have obteined the said Dispensation of the Popes Holynes by the sayd most Reverende Father in God his Legate, most humblye besechethe the same that it may bee Ordebed as followethe: And therfore be yt enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam', that all and singler Articles and Clauses contebed b the said Dispensac&n, as well towching thestablishem' of Bishoprikes and Cathedrall Churches, as also the confirmaetm of Marriages b Degrees prohibited by the Canons of the Churche, the legitdmadon of children, and the ratificac&n of proces and of sentences b maters Ecdesiasdcall touching thinvaliditie of them for want of Jurisdice&n and tbnstituc&iu and destitucftns of and b Benefices and Promotions Ecdesiasdcall, Dispensacbns and Graces given by suche Order as the publike Lawes of the Realme then approoved, and all other thinges before conteined b the 6aid Lettres of [ Dispensations5 3 shall remayne and be reputed and taken to all btentes and construcc&ns b the Lawes of tbs Realme lawfull goodd and effectuall to be alledged and pleaded in all Courtes Ecdesiasdcall and Temporall for good and sufficient matter either for the plaintife or defendant without anye allegation or objection to be made against the validite of them by pretence of anye generall Cowncell Canon or Decree to the contrarye made or to bee made in that benalf.

A.D. 1554^ 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8,

251

n

U

a

it

m

a

it

m

n

0

I

S'

0

0

0

4

0

I*1

t*

And Whereas divers and sundry late Monasteries Priories Comaundries Noneries Deanries Prebendes Colledges XIII.

Hospitalles Howses of Fryers Chantreys and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Howses and Places, and the Manours

Granges Mesuages Landes Tenementes Rectories Tythes Pentions Portions Vicaregies Churches Chappelles Advousons

Nominacons Patronagies Annuiteis Rentes Revertions Services and other possessions and hereditamentes to the sayd [See the Statutes

late Monasteries Priories Nuneries Comaundries Deanries Chantries Prebendes Howses of Friers Colledges Hospitalles #£/// < i*8]

and other Religious and Ecclesiasdcall Houses and Places and to sundrye Archebishoprickes and Bishoprikes within 3 3

this Realme late apperteining and belonging, came as well to thandes and possession of the said King of famouse

memorye Henrye the Eight, Father unto yor Majestie our said Sovereigne Ladye, by dissolution gifte grante surrender

attaindre or otherwise, as also to thandes and possession of divers and sundry other psons and Bodyes Politike and

Corporate by sundrye meanes conveyaunces and assuraunces according to the order of the Lawes and Statutes of this

Realme: And Where also divers Manours Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes percell of the possessions of And tho* of

Colleges Chantries

Archebishoprikes and Bishoprikes and many and sundry late Deanries Collegies Chantries Rectories Prebendes free lnj £* chapeU, Chappelles Guildes and Fraternities Manours Houses Granges Landes Tenementes Rentes Services and other Ecclesiasticall incK'(

Possessions and Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattelles to the sayd Archebishoprikes Bishoprikes Deanries Collegies , B.FI. c. 14.

Chantreis free Chappelles Rectories Guildes and Fraternities, late apperteyning and belonging or [appointing' ] to and

for the finding of Preistes Obittes Lightes or other like purpose, came as well td thandes and possession of the

late noble King Edoarde the Sixte brother unto yo' Ma"' Sovereigne Ladye by vertue of [one ’ ] Acte of Pliam1

therof made or otherwise, As also to thandes and possession of divers and sundry other psons (1) Bodies Politike

and Corporate by sundry meanes conveiances and assurances, according to thorder of the Lawes of this Realme:

A greate number of whiche said late Monasteries Priories Noneries Comaundries Deanries Collagies Hospitalles Great Part of

Prebendes Chantreis free Chappelles Guildes and Fraternities and the Mano" Granges Messuages Landes ta^bjecTby

Tenementes Rentes RevercSns Services Tithes Pencbns Portions Vicaregies Churches Chappelles Advousons Ptonta, &c.

Nominacons Patronagies Annuities and Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattelles to the said Monasteries Priories

N5neries Comaundries Deanries Colledgies Hospitalles Chantreis Free Chappelles Guildes Fraternities and other

Ecclesiasdcall Howses Archbishoprikes and Bishoprikes belonging, as well for great sdmes of money as for other

good and reasonable Causes and Considerations, have been conveied and assured to divers the Subjectes and

Bodies Politike of this Realme, as well by the said King Henrie theight, the said King Eduarde the Syxt, and by

yor Highnes our Sovereigne Ladie, and joyntly by both yo' Ma'", as also by divers the Owners of the said

Ecclesiasticall Possessions, which said Conveiances and Assurances by their sundry tres patentes and other Writings

more plainly doo and maye appeare: Foil as muche as the said most Reverende Father hathe also by the said Effect of the

[ Dispensacons * ] removed and taken awaye all matter of empeachment trouble and danger, whiche by occasion of any DUpouation

generall Councell Canon or Decree Ecclesiasticall, might touche and disquiet the Possessions of suche Gooddes moveable, declared to be

Landes Tenementes Possessions and Hereditamentes as were of late belonging unto any of the said Archebishoprikes Ec'cl^ut^d"

Bishoprikes Monasteries Priories Nuneries Comandries Deanries Collegies Chantries Prebendes Rectories Hospitalles

Houses of Fryers or other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Houses and Places of what nature name kinde or qualitie soever Poue«ion»;

they bee of: Yet for that the title of all Landes Possessions and Hereditamentes in this yor Ma'1" Realme and Wing

Dominions, ys grownded in the Lawes Statutes and Customes of the same, and by yo’ highe Jurisdiction Aucthoritie founded on the

Roiall and Crowne Imperiall and in yo' Courtes onely to be empleaded ordred tryed and judged and none otherwise; ^b^i^the"’

And understanding that the whole full and most grarious Internes Minde and Determination of yor most Excellent King«Court«onlyi

Ma'1" bee that all and every pson and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate their heires successoures and assignes and

every of them shall have kepe retaine and enjoye all and every their Estates Rightes Possessions and Interestes that

they and every of them nowe hathe or hereafter shall have of and in all and every the Manours Granges Mesuages

Landes Tenementes Tithes Pentions Portions Advousons Nominations Patronages Annuitees Rentes RevercSns Services

Hundredes Wapentakes Lyberties Franchesies and other the Possessions and Hereditamentes of the said Monasteries

Abbeies Priories Nuneries Comaundries Deanries Collegies Prebendes Houses of Friers Hospitalles Chantries Rectories

Vicareges Churches Chappelles Archbishoprikes (s) Bishoprikes and other Religious or Ecclesiasticall Houses and Places

or of any of them within this Realme or the Dominions of the same, by suche Lawes and Statutes as were in force before

the first daye of this pnt Pliam1 and by other lawiull conveyance to them therof made; That it maie be therfore The Title of the

enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That as well yor Ma’" Sovereigne Ladye yo' heires and successoures, as Co^m^on. and

also all and every other pson and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate theyre heyres successoures and assignes, Persons, to all Scite*

now having or that hereafter shall have holde or enjoye any of the Scites of the sayd late Monasteries and other the Religioui Houaea,

Religious or Ecclesiasticall Houses or Places, and all the said Mannoures Granges Mesuages Landes Tenementes Tithes

Pentions Portions Glebelandes Advousons NominacSns Pronages Annuitees Rentes Revertions Services Hundredes Law* md Statutea

"Wapentaks Liberties Franchesies Profites Comodities and other the Possessions and Hereditamentes of the said late

Monasteries Abbeies Priories Nuneries Deanries Comaundries Colledgies Prebendes Hospitalles Houses of Fryers Parliament.

Rectories Vicaregies Chantreis Churches Chappelles Archebishoprikes (’) Bishoprikes and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall

Houses and Places or of any of them, of what name nature or kinde soever they bee, shall have holde possede retaine

kepe and enjoye all and every the sayd Scites Mano" Granges Mesuages Landes Tenementes Possessions Profites

Comodities and other Hereditamentes, according to suche Interestes and Estates as they and every of them nowe have or

holde or hereafter shall have or holde of and in the same, by the due order and course of the Lawes and Statutes of this

Realme, whiche nowe bee or were standing in force before the first day of this pnt Pliam', in maner and fburme as

they should have done yf this Acte had never bene had ne made: This Acte or any thing herein conteined to the

contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

1 appointed 0.

• an 0.

* and 0.

* dispensation 0.

1 and 0.

252

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 8. 1554# 1554-5.

XIV. General Saving of Title.

XV.

All Statutes, ice. for Assurance of the Lands and Possessions of Religious Houses, &c. confirmed;

And also all Feoffments and Conveyances thereof.

XVI. Penalty; for disturbing such Titles under Pretence of any Spiritual Jurisdiction, Premunire under. 16 Ric. II. c. 5.

XVII. Proviso for Suits for Tithes of such Lands.

XVIII.

Title of Supreme Head of the Church unduly used since 3 Nov. 26 H.VIII.

All Writs, Patents, &c. with such Title may be preserved and pleaded.

XIX.

Style of Supremacy authorized by St. 3J H.VIII. c.3. omitted by the Queen in certain Grants, he.

Saving to Youe our said Sovereigne Ladye yor heires and successoures and every of them, and to all and every other pson and psons Subjectes of this Real me and Bodyes Politike and Corporate and to their heires and successoures, and to theires and successoures of all and every of them, other then suche whos Right Title or Interest is bounded or taken awaye undone or extincte by any Acte of Pliam' heretofore made or otherwise, all suche Right Title Clayme Possession Interestes Rentes Annuitees Comoditees Comons Offices Fees Leases Lyveries Lyvinges Pentions Portions Dettes Duties and other Profittes whiche they or any of them have lawfully or of right ought to have or might to have had in of or to any of the Premisses or in of or to any parte or parcell therof, in suche like maner [ and' ] fourme and condicbn to all internes respectes constructions and purposes as if this Acte had never bene hadd ne made.

And that it may Be further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That all and every Article Clause Sentence and Proviso conteined or specified in any Acte or Actes of Pliam' concerning or touching thassurance or coveiance of any the said Monasteries Priories Noneries Comaundries Deanries Prebendes Colledges Chauntryes Hospitalles Houses of Fryers Rectories Vicareges Churches Chapelles Archebishoprikes and Bishoprikes and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Howses and Places or any of them, or in any wise concerning any Manoures Landes Tenementes Profittes Comodities Hereditamentes or other the thinges before specified, to the said King Henrye Theight, or King Eduarde the Sixte, or either of them, or any other pson or psons or Bodye Politike or Corporate, and every of them, and all and every Writing Dede and Instrument concerning thassurance of any the same, shall stande reinaine and bee in as good force effecte and strength, and shalbe pleaded and taken adv*ntage of to all internes constructions and purposes as the same shoulde might or coulde have bene by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, in cace this pnte Acte had never bene hadd ne made ; And that all Feofamentes Fines Surrendres Forfeitures Assurances Conveiances Estates and Interestes in any wise conveied had or made to our said late Sovereine Lorde King Henrye Theight, or to our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Eduard the Sixte or either of them, or to any other pson or psons Bodies Politike or Corporate or to any of them, by Dede or Dedes Acte or Actes of Pliam' or otherwise, of any the Scites Manoures Landes Tenementes Possessions Profittes C5modities or Hereditamentes of any the said Archebishoprikes Bishoprikes late Monasteries Priories Nunries Comaundries Deanries Houses of Fryars Colledgies Chauntreis Hospitalles Prebendes Free Chappelles or of any Manoures Landes Tenementes Revertions Services Tithes Pentions Portions Annuitees or of any other Hereditamentes, of by or from any Ecclesiasticall or Spuall pson or psons, or by or from any Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Corporation or Body Politike, shalbe as good and availeable in the Lawe to all intentes constructions and purposes as they were by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme standing in force before the first daye of this pnte Pliament; And that the same may and shalbe pleaded alledged and taken advantage of in suche sorte and to suche effecte as they should coulde or mighte have bene by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme standing in force before the said first day of this pnt Pliament; and that all and every Clause and Article of saving conteined in all and every the said Actes and Statutes shall stande remayne and bee in such force strengthe and effecte as they were before the said firste daye of this presente Parliament: Anye thing conteyned in this present Acte to the contrarye in any wyse notwithestanding.

And that it maye be in like maner enacted by aucthoritee aforesaid. That whosoever shall by any proces obteined out of any Ecclesiasticall Courte within this Realme or without, or by pretence of any Spuall JurisdiccOn or otherwise contrary to the Lawes of this Realme, inquiet or molest any pson or psons or Bodye Politike for any of the sayd Mannoures Landes Tenementes Hereditamentes or Thinges above specified contrary to the woordes sentences and meaning of this Acte, shall incurre the danger of Thacte of Premunire made in the syxtenthe yere of King Richarde the Seconde, and shall suffer and incurre the forfeitures and paynes conteyned in the same.

Provided alwae, That it shall and maye be lawfull to any pson or psons Body Politike and Corporate to sue in any competent Ecclesiasticall or Spuall Courte within this Realme, for Tithes Rightes and Duties that they or any of them shall pretende to have of or out of any the said Manours Landes Tenementes and other the Premisses, and to have full and perfecte remedye for the same, in suche maner and fourme as they or any of them might or ought to have done or hadd by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme before the makinge of this Acte, and as thoughe this Acte had never bene hadd or made.

And that it maye be further provided and enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That albeit the Tide or Stile of Supremacye or Supreme Hedd of the Churche of Englande and of Irelande or either of them, never was ne coulde be justly or lawfully attributed or knowledged to any King or Sovereigne Governour of this Realme, nor in any wise coulde or might rightfully justly or lawfully by any King or Sovereine Governo' of this Realme be claimed chalenged or used. Yet forasmuche as the said Title and Stile sithens the thirde daye of November in the xxvj"1 yere of the Raigne of the said King Henrye Theight hathe bene used and ys mentioned and conteyned in divers and sundry Writtes Letters Patentes Recordes Exemplifications Courte Rolles Charters Dedes Instrumentes Evidences Bookes and Writinges, yt shalbe lawfull as well to and for yor Ma'"‘ and yor Sovereigne Ladyes heires and successoures, as to and for every other pson and psons (*) Bodyes Politike and Corporate, at all tyme and tymes hereafter to have retayne and kepe the said Writtes Letters Patentes Recordes Exemplifications Court Rolles Charters Dedes Instrumentes Evidences Bookes and Writinges, and them to shewe exhibite use alleage and pleade in all tymes and places requisite or nedeful, without any danger penaltie losse forfeiture trouble vexa66n or impeachem* for the same; Any thing in this Acte or in any other Acte or Actes to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

And where yo' Highnes Sovereigne Lady since yo' coming to the Crowne of this Realme, of a good and Christen Conscience omitted to write the said Stile of Supremacye specified in one Acte made in the Plain1 holden at Westminster by prorogac&n in the xxxv"1 yere of the Raigne of yo' late Father King Henry Theight, aswell in Giftes Grantes Ires Patentes as in Comissions and other Writinges ; And also other have in their Writinges done the same, aswell in yo' time as before;

1 0. omits. 4 and 0.

Gou

A.D. 1554 1554-5.

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8.

253

And Forasmuch as notwithestanding any Lawe made concerning the said Stile of Supremacie, it was in the free choice libertie and pleasure of the King of this Realme and of yo' Highnes whether ye would^wcpres the same in the said Stile or not j Be yt therfore declared and enacted by aucthorite of this pnt Flam', That all Grantes Ires Patentes Comissions Inditementes Recordes and Writinges made in yo' our Sovereigne Ladies Name, or in the Names of yours Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye or any other, wherin the said Stile of Supremacye is omitted, is and shall be to all internes and purposes as good and effectual! as if the same had bene therin expressed, and may bee deteined kept pleaded and alledged, without any danger paine penaltie or forfeiture to ensue to any pson or psones or Bodye Polytyke, for or concerning the omission of the same Style or anye parte thereof, in any suche Writinges; and that no persone ne psones shalbe impeachedd molested or dampnified for or by reason of any suche omission.

And Where in an Acte of Pliam' made since the said xx" yere of King Henry Theight, (' ) all Bulles Dispensations and Writinges whiche were before that time obteined from the Sea of Rome should be voide abolished and extinguished, withe a Clause nevertheles that the matter of them by vertue of ires Patentes from the King then being should and might be alleged pleaded and allowed, as if the same had not bene so abolished or extinguished; Forasmuch as the said Acte ys here before amongest other repealed and made voide, Be it therfore enacted by aucthoritee of this pnt Pliament, That all Bulles Dispensac&ns and Privilegies, obteined before the said xx<y yere or at any time sithence, or whiche shall hereafter bee obteyned of the Sea of Rome, not conteyning matter contrarye or prejudiciall to thaucthoritie dignide or preheminence Roiall or Imperiall of the Realme, or to the Lawes of this Realme nowe being in force and not in this Pliam' repealed, maye bee put in execu£6n used and alledged, in any Courte within this Realme or ellswhere, whither the same remayne yet hole or can appere to have bene cancelled, in as vaileable and effectuall maner to all internes and purposes as if the sayd Acte had never bene had or made: Any objection by pretence of extinguishem1 or cancelling of the said Bulles Dispensac&ns or Privileges, or of any other mater or cause by the pretence of the Lawes of this Realme whatsoever in any wise notwithestanding.

And Whereas by dissoluc&n of Monasteries and other Religious Houses certaine pishe Churches and Chappelles, whiche were before exempte from the Jurisdice&on of Tharchbishoppe and Bishoppes of the Diocesse, and by speciall exemption and privelege from Rome were under the Govemement and Order of the Abbotes and Pryours of those Religious Houses, whiche said Churches by colour of the said exemptions be nowe of speciall Grante from King Henrye and King Edwarde under the Rule and Govemement and Jurisdice&n of Temporall and Leve Men, who can no more enjoye that Supremacie over those perticuler Churches, then the King might over the whole Realme: Be It therfore enacted, that all Archebishoppes and Bishoppes in their [Diocesse,*] and all other Spuall pson and psons having Jurisdiction, and their Ministers and Officers, and no Laye persone or psons, in every Churche and Place within the Precincte of the same being exempte or not exempte, maye freely and without Impediment execute their Spirituall Jurisdiction in all pointes and articles as thoughe no such Exemption or Grant had never bene made.

Provided alwaie and Be it enacted, That this Acte extende not to take away or diminishe the Privelegf of the [Universitee3] of Cambridge and Oxforde, ne the Privilegies or Prerogatifes granted heretofore to the Churches of Westminster and Wyndesore, ne the Tower of London, ne prejudiciall to suche Temporall Lordes and Possessioners in this Realme, as by auncient Custome have enjoyed Probate of Testamentes of their Tenantes or other.

And Forasmuche as after this Reconciliac&n and Unitie of this Noble Realme to the Bodye of Christs’ Churche, it is to be trusted that by thabundance of Goddes Mercie and Grace, Devocion shall encreace and growe in the Hartes af many Subjectes of this Realme, withe desire to give and bestow their worldlye possessions for the resusitating of Almose Prayer and example of good lyes in this Realme; To thintent suche godly motions and purposes shoulde be advanced, Be it therfore enacted by thaucthorite of this pnt Pliam', that it shalbe lawfull [to*] suche as shall bee seased of any Manours Landes Tenementes Personages Tithes Pentions Portions or other Hereditamentf whatsoever, in fee simple in possession revertion or remainder in their owne rightes, not being Copieholde, may therof make Feoffamentes Grantes or any other Assurances, or by his last Will and Testament in writing, may bequeathe and gyve in fee simple all and every the said Mano" Landes Tenementes Personages Tithes Pentions Porc&ns or other Hereditamentes to any Spuall Body Politike or Corporate in this Realme or Dominions of the same nowe erected or founded, or hereafter to bee erected or founded, without any licence of Mortmayne therin to be obteyned, or anye Writte of Ad quod Dampnum to be sued out for the same, Thactes De Terris ad manu mortuam non ponendis, or any other Acte or Statute heretofore had or made in any wise notwithstanding. Saving to the Lordes of the Fee, all Rentes Services due or going out of any of the said Landes (5 ) Tentes or Hereditamentes so to bee amortised as is aforesaid. Provided alwaie that this Clause of this Acte for giving the lybertie of or for the amortizing of Landes or Tenementes, shall continue for and during the space of Twentye yeres next and immediatlye following, and no longer.

And forasmuche as We yor Majesties humble and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, neither by the making or delyvering of either the Supplicac&ns aforesaid, nor by any Clause Article or Sentence ( 4 ) of this or any Statute, or any of the Preambles of the same, made or agreed uppon in this Session of this pnt Pliam’, by any maner of Interpretacon Construccon Implicacon or otherwise, intende to derogate empaire or diminishe any of the Prerogatives Liberties Franchisies Preheminences or Jurisdiccons of yor Crowne Imperiall of this Realme, and other the Dominions to the same belonging; Wee doo most humblye beseche. yo' Ma,iM that it maye be declared and ordeyned. And bee yt enacted and declared by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam*, that neither the making exhibiting or inserting in this pnte Statute, or in the Preambles of the same, of the Supplications or Promise aforesaid, or either of them, nor any other Thing or Thinges Woordes Sentences Clauses or Articles in the Preambles

All such Grants declared valid, and may be pleaded, Jtc.

XX.

St.i8H.VHI. c.16.

abolishing, Sec. Bull., kc. from Rome, repealed by this Act, §IV.

All .uch Bulla, not contrary to the Law. of the Realm, Stc. may be put in Execution, Stc.

XXL

Jurisdiction of Bi.hopa, Stc. restored, over Churches and Chapels exempt while belonging to Religious Houses.

XXII. Proviso for Jurisdiction of Universities, Stc.

XXIII.

For Twenty Years Lands may be given in Mortmain to Spiritual Corporations in the Realm;

Saving of Rents Services, Stc.

XXIV. This Act or thi Supplications, Si therein contains shall not diminis any Prerogative of the Crown existing before to Hen. VIII.

1 * It wa* enacted that ’ stems wanting here, both in the Inrollment and the Original Act. * Diocesaes 0. 5 Universities 0.

4 So in Original Act; erroneously for ‘ that ’ * or 0. 0 therof or of anny other Clawse Artyde or Sentence 0.

3T

b

254

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.8, 9. A.D. 1554^1554-5.

The Jurisdiction of the Pope and Bishops restored as at that Time.

XXV. Tenure in Frankalmoigne may be reserved on Gifts in Mortmain under § XXIII.

XXVI.

Remedy by Laymen for Tithes, &c. vested in them.

or Body of thactes aforesaid, shalbee construed understanded or expownded to derogate diminishe or take awaye any the Lybertyes Pryvilegies Prerogatives Prehempences Aucthorities or Jurisdiccbns, or any parte or percell therof, whiche were in yo' Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, or did belong to yor said Itnperiall Crowne, the xx" yere of the raigne of yo" the Quenes Mau" most noble Father, or any other yor most noble Progenitours before the said xxu yere: And the Popes Holines and Sea Apostolike to be restored, and to have and enjoye suche Aucthoritie Preheminence and Jurisdicf&n as his Holines used and exercised, or might lawfully have used and exercised, by aucthorite of his Supremacye the said xx" yere of the raigne of the King yor Father, within this yo' Realme of Englande and other yor Dominions, without diminution or enlargement of the same, and none other ; and thecclesiasticall Jurisdicc6n of the Archebishoppes Bishopes and Ordinaries to be in the same state, for Processe of Sutes Punishement of Crimes and execuc&n of Censures of the Churche, withe knoledge of causes belonging to the same, and as lardge in theys pointes as the sayd Jurisdiction was the sayd twentithe yere.

( ’) Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That in and upon every suche Giftes and Devises to be made to suche Spuall Corporacftns or psons as is aforesaid, the Dono' Feoffo' or Deviso' therof, maye reserve to him and his heires for ever a Tenure in Franck Almoigne, or a Tenure by Dyvine Service, and to have all Remedies and Ac£6ns for and upon the said Giftes or Devises and Tenures, in like maner and fourme as was used before the Statute of Westm third commonly called Quia emptores terraru: The said Statute or any other Lawe or Costome now being to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and Be it enacted, That all and every p6on and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate whiche nowe have or hereafter shall have any estate of enheritance freholde terme or interest of in or to anye Portion Pention Tithes Glebe Landes or other Ecclesiasticall or Spuall profitt, whiche by this Acte and (*) ires of Dispensation rehearsed in the same be pmitted and suffred to remayne and continue in Laye mennes possessions, shall and may have lyke remedye for the recoverye of the same and every parte therof, as they and every of them might have hadd before the first daye of this pnt Pliani1; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithestandyng.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the punishement of Traterous Woordes against the Quenes Mall*.

Prayers for the Queen's Death in Schismatical Conventicles j

All Persons making such Prayers declared Traitors.

FORASMUCHE as nowe of late dyvers noughty sedicious malicious and hereticall psons, not having the feare of God before their Eies, but in a develishe sorte contrarye to the dutie of their Allegiance, have congregated themselfes together in Conventicles, in divers and sundry prophane places within the Citye of London, esteming themselfes to be in the true faithe, wher in dede they ar in Errours and Heresies, and out of the true trade of Christes Catholike Religion, and in the same places at several tymes using their fantasticall and scismaticall Services, lately taken awaye and abolished by aucthoritee of Pliam', have of their most malitious and cankerde Stomakes, prayed against the Quenes Ma'", that God woulde turne her Hart from Idolatrye to the true Faithe, or elles to shorten her dayes or take her quickly out of the waye: Whiche Prayer was never harde nor redde to have bene used by any good Christian Man against any Prince thoughe he were a Pagan and Infidell, and muche lesse against any Christian Prince, and especially so vertuous a Princes as our Soveraigne Ladye that now ys ys knowen to bee, whose Faithe ys and alwaies hath bene most trewe and Catholike, and consonaunte and agreing with Chyrstes Catholyke Churche thoroughout the Worlde dispersed : For Reformation whereof, Be it enacted by thaucthoritie of this pnte Pliam1, that every suche psone and psones whiche since the beginning of this pnt Pliam1, have by expres Woordes and Saienges, prayed required or desired as is aforesaid, or hereafter shall praye by expres Woordes or Saienges, that God should shorten her dayes or take her out of the waye, (whose lief Almighty God long preserve) or any suche like malitious Prayer, amownting to the same effecte, their Procuroures and Abbettours therin, shalbe taken reputed and judged Traytoures, and every suche prayeng requiring or desiring, shall be judged taken and reputed Highe Treason, and thoffendours therin, their Procuroures and Abbettoures being therof lawfully convicte according to the Lawes of this Realme, shall have suffer and forfeite as in cases of Highe Treasone.

II.

Proviso on Repentance of Offender* already guilty.

Provided alwaie and Be it enacted, That if any pson or psons shalbe indicted for any thoffences aforesaid, done and ppetrated during this Session of this pnt Pliam1, and upon his or their arreignem1 shall shewe him or themselfes penitent for their offence, and submitt him or themselfes to the King and Quenes Mercye, and humblye desyre the same before such Justices or Comissioners before whom he or they shall be arraigned, that then no Judgem1 of ConvicfSn or Attaindo' of Treason shall be given against any suche pson or psons so being penitent, and submitting themselfes as is aforesaid; and in every suche cace the Justices or Comissioners before whom suche pson or psons shalbe arraigned, shall have aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to prescribe adjudge and appointe suche Corporall Punishem1, other then Deathe, to suche Offendour and Offendours, as to them by their discretion shall seme convenient, and upon that penance prescribed and done to be discharged of the said Treason comprised in that Indictam1.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules.

‘ the 0.

//./>. 1554& 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 10.

2 55

CHAPTER X.

An Acte wherby certayne Offences bee made Tresons; and also for the Govemement of the Kinges and Quenes

Majesties Issue.

RASMUCHE as the greate Mercye and Clemencye heretofore declared by the Quenes Highnes, in releasing the SUnder* igiinst the Penal I Lawes made by her Progenitoures, hathe given occasion to many cancerde and trayterous Hartes to Km?,ndQu*n* Imagine practise and attempte thinges stirring the People to disobedience and rebellyon against her Highnes, Cdmon Polide and Dutie of Subjectes require that some Lawe be eftsones establishedd to restraine the Malice of such sacked and evill doers, wherby they maye bee prohibited to blowe abroade suche shameful I sclanders and lyes as they dayly invent and imagine of her Highnes and [of'] the Kinges Majestie her most lawful! Housbonde, which when they be hearde canne not bee but odyble and detested of all goode Men, consideryng theye touche theyr Majesties, upon whom dependethe the whole Unitie and universall Wealthe of this Realme: In consideracftn wherof be it ordeyned and enacted by the King and the Quenes Majesties, withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and of the C5mons in this pnt Pliam' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That if any pson or psones after the first daye of Februarye next prnaity upon

Persons openly and advisedly

or to destroye the King that nowe ys, during the said Matrimony, or to destroye the Quenes Ma,k that nowe ys, or theires of her Bodye begotten being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, or to leavye Warre within this Realme of Englande, or within any of the Marches of the same against the Kinges Ma"* that nowe ys, during the said Marryage, or against the Quenes Ma* that nowe ys, or any of her sayd Heires being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, or to depose the Quenes Ma,k that nowe ys, or theires of her bodye begotten being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, from the Imperial! Crowne of the Realmes and Dominions abovesaid ; And the same Compasses or Imaginations, or any of them, malitiouslie advisedlye and directlye shall or doo utter by open Preaching expres Woordes or Saienges;

Or yf anye pson or psones after the said first daye of Februarye, by Preaching expres woordes or Saienges, shall malitiouslie advisedlye and directlye saye publishe declare maynetayne or holde opinion that the Kinges MaIk that nowe ys, during the said Matrimonie, ought not to have or enjoye joyntelye together withe the Quenes Mall" the Stile Honour and Kinglye name of this Realme, Or that any pson or psones, being neither the King or the Quenes Ma'* that nowe arre, during the said Matrymonye betwen them, ought to have or enjoye the Stile Honour and Kingly name of this Realme, or that the Quenes Ma,ie that nowe ys during her lyes is not or of right ought not to bee Quene of this Realme, or after her Deathe that theires of her Highnes Bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, of right ought not to be Kinges or Queenes of this Realme, or to have and enjoye the same, Or that any pson or psones other then the Quenes Ma,ie that nowe is, during her lyes, ought to be Quene of this Realme, or after her deathe other then theires of her bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, as long as any of her said Heires of her body begotten shalbe in lyfe, of right ought to have and enjoye the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme; That then every suche Offendor being Forfeiture of therof duly convicted or attainted by the Lawes of this Realme, their Abettoures Procuroures and Councello" and all and everye their Comfortoures knowing the said Offences or any of them to bee done, and being therof convicted Imprisonment or attainted as is abovesaid, for his or their suche Offence, shall forfeite and lose to the Quenes Highnes her heires and hr lfe‘ successoures, all his and their goddes and cattelles, and the whole issues and profittes of his and their landes tenements and other hereditamentes for terme of the lyes of every suche Offendo' or Offendo", and also shall have and suffer during his or their Lyves ppetuall Imprisonnement.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and every Ecclesiastical! pson being Eccif,ia^s convicted or attainted in fourme aforesaid, for every suche his Offence shalbe deprived by the Ordinarie from his offending shall Promotion Spuall or Ecclesiasticall, in such lyke manner and fourme, that it shall be lawful/ for every Patron Fouder or gyver therof to presente after suche Deprivac&n hadd, some one other to the same, as though the said Offendo' or Offendo" were deceased: And if anye pson or psones, being hereafter convicted or attainted of any the said

Offences in forme aforesayd comitted, shall after his or their Conviction or Attaindo' eftsones comitt or ppetrate any

of the said Offences in forme aforesaid, That then every suche seconde Offence or Offences shalbe demed and Second Offence*

adjudged High Treason, and Thoffendo' or Offendo" therm, their Abbettoures Procuroures and Councello" and all and HighTraton*

every their Aiders and Comforters knowing the said Offences or any of them to bee done, being therof convicted or attainted according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, shall be judged and demed Highe Traytours, and shall suffer paynes of deathe and lose and forfeite all their Goodes and Cattelles Landes and Teiitf to the Quenes Ma'* her heires and successours, as in cases of High Treason by the Lawes of this Realme at this daye of right ought to bee lost and forfeited.

preaching, &c. against the Title of the King or Queen or their Issue;

to come, during the Mariage betwen the King and the Quenes Majesties, doo compas or imagyne to depryve the Kinges Ma0c that nowe ys, from the having and enjoyeng joyntlye togither withe the Quenes Highnes, the stile honour and kinglye name of the Realmes and Dominions unto our said Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Highnes apperteining.

And be it further enacted by the said aucthorite, That if any pson or psons at any time after the said first daye of HI.

Februarye next to come during the said Marriage, compasse or imagine the Deathe of the Kings Ma*1' that nowe is, King?, Death by

and the same malitiouslie advisedlye and directlye shall utter and attempte by any Writing Printing overt Dede or Acte; Writing or other

7 . , overt Act, or in

Or if any pson or psones at any time after the said first daye of Februarie nexte coming* shall malitiouslie advisedlye like Manner

and directlye, by Writing Printing overt Dede or Acte affirme that the Kings Ma"' that nowe is, during the said K^ng^or Qu^f

Matrimonie, ought not to have or enjoye joyntlie togethers withe the Quenes Highnes the Stile Hono' and Kingly or their Issue,

Name of this Realme, Or that any pson or psons, being neither the King or the Quenes Ma'"' that nowe ys, during the Xre^.H'gh

1 O. omits.

256

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.10. A.D. 1554^? 1554-5.

IV

To provide for the Care of the Realm and the King'a and Queen's Issue, during Minority, under the Guardianship of the King;

On Decease of the

Eueen, leaving a >n under 18, or a Daughter under I j, the King shall have the Government of

such Minor and of the Realm, fcc.

During which Time the Marriage Treaties, and the Act made thereon, shall be observed: [See St. I Mary, Sees 3. ch. a.]

said Matrimonie betwen them, ought to have and enjoye the Stile Honor and Kinglye Name of this Realme ; Or yf any pson or psones, alter the said daye, by any Writing Printing overt Dede or Acte malitiouslie advisedlie and directlye doo affirme that the Quenes Mi* that nowe is, during her lief ys not or ought not to bee Quene of this Realme, or after her deathe that theires of her Highnes bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, of right ought not to have and enjoy thimperiall Crowne of this Realme, Or that any pson or psones, other then the Quenes Ma"* that nowe ys, during her lief, or after her deathe other then theires of her bodye begotten being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, as long as any of her said heyres of her bodye shalbee in lief, of right ought to have and enjoye thimperiall Crowne of this Realme ; That then every suche Offence and Offences shalbe adjudged Highe Treason, and the Offender and Offenders therm, theyre Abbettours Procurours and Concellours and all and every theyre Ayders and Comforters knowing the said Offences or anye of them to bee done, being therof convicted or attainted by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, shall bee deemed and adjudged High Traytoures, and shall suffer paynes of deathe and lose and forfeite all their Gooddes and Cattalles Landes and Tenementes to the Quenes Majestie her heires and successours as in cases of Highe Treason as ys abovesayd.

And albeit Wee the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, have firme hope and confidence in the goodnes of Almightye God, that lyke as he hathe hitherto miraculouslye preserved the Quenes Ma" from many greate and imminent pills and dangers, even so he will of his infinite goodnes gyve her Highnes strengthe the reither by our continuall prayours, to passe well the danger of delyverance of Childe, wherwithe it hathe pleased him (to all our greate comfortes) to blesse herre; Yet forasmuche as all thinges of this Worlde be uncertayne, and having before our eyes the dolourous experyence of thinconstante Govemement during the tyme of the Raigne of the late King Eduarde the Syxte, doo playnelye see the manifolde inconveniences great dangers and perils that maye ensue to this hole Realme yf foresight bee not used to prevent evill chances if they should happen: For thexchewing wherof, Wee the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Pliam* assembled, for and in consideratyon of a most speciall truste and confidence that Wee have and repose in the Kinges Ma'* for and concerning the good and politike Govemement Order and Administrac&n of this Realme in the time of the youge yeres of thissue or issues of her Ma" bodye to bee borne, if it should plase God to call the Quenes Highnes out of this pnte lyes during the tender yeres of such Issue or Issues, whiche God forbydde, according to such order and maner as hereafter in this pnte Acte his Heighnes most gratious pleasure ys shoulde be declared and sett for the, Have made our most humble sute by thassent of the Quenes Heighnes that his Ma"* woulde vouchesause taccepte and take upon him the Rule Order Education and Govemement of the said Issue or Issues to be borne as is aforesaid ; Upon whiche our sute being of his said Ma1* most gratiouslye accepted, it hathe pleased his Heighnes not onelye to declare, that like as for the first parte his Ma* verely trustethe that Almighty God who hath hitherto preserved the Quenes Ma* to give this Realme so good an hope of certayne Succession in the Bloodd Royall of the same Realme, will assiste her Highenes with his Graces and Benedictions to see the fruite of her bodye well brought for the lyve and able to goveme, wherof neither all this Realme nor all the Worlde besydes shoulde or coulde receive more comfort then his Ma* shoulde and woulde ; yet if such chance should happen, his Ma* at oure humble desyres is pleased and contented not allonely to accept and take upon him the cure and charge of the Education Rule Order and Govemement of suche Issues as of this most happie Mariage shalbe borne betwene the Quenes Highnes and him. But also during the tyme of such Govemement would by al waies and meanes studye travaile and employe himselfe to advance the Weale bothe publique and private of this Realme and Dominions theronto belonging, according to the said Trust in his Ma'" reposed, withe no lesse good will and affection then yf his Highnes hadd bene naturallye borne amongest Us: In consideracon wherof. Be it enacted by the King and the Quenes most Excellent Ma'"* by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliam' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That if it shall so please God to call the Quenes Ma'* out of this pnte lyes, which God forbidd, before thissue of her bodye inheritable to the Crowne of this Realme, if it be Male shall accomplishe thage of eightene yeres, or if it be Female before it shall bee of thage of fifetene yeres and not maried after the age of consent and before the said age of xv yeres. That then and immediatelye after and from the decease of our said Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, the Kinges Ma* that nowe ys shall have the Rule Order Education and Govemement of the pson of suche Issue or Issues, and the Rule Order and Govemement, under such Issue or Issues, of this Realme and the Dominions to the same belonging, untill the same Issue or Issues inheritable to thimperiall Crowne of this Realme, yf yt bee Male, shall accomplishe thage of xviij'h yeres, and if it bee Female untill such Issue Female shall accomplishe thage of xv yeres or be maried after thage of consent and before the said age of xv yeares, yf the sayd Issue or Issues and our said Sovereigne Lorde the King shall so long lyve togither; and that during and by all the tyme of suche Govemement, all and every the Pactes Covenantes Articles and Agreamentes mentioned and coprised in the Treatises and Actes of Pliament and every of them made and concluded for and concerning thonerable Mariage hadd and consumate betwene the Kinge and Quenes Ma'"*, whiche on the behalf of his Ma* bene to bee observed perfourmed and kepte, shall after the decease of the Quenes Ma"*, during the tyme of the said Govemement, remayne continue and bee in as good and full force strengthe and effecte to all internes and purposes as they were at any tyme during the said Manage or nowe bene, (') as yf they were newly by apte woordes termes and sentences inserted and rehearsed in this pnte Acte and newly made and enacted, to stande remayne continue and to bee observed and kept during the tyme of the said Govemement, and shalbe by his Ma"' during the sayd rime inviolably observed perfourmed maintayned and upholden, in suche sorte and in as full large and ample maner to all respectes as they shoulde and ought to bee during the tyme of the said Mariage or after; and his Highnes and the Quenes most excellent Ma"' arre pleased and contented that it be Enacted by this pnte Pliam*, That nothing shalbe doone pmitted or assented unto by his Ma"' to the contrarye.

1 and 0.

A.D. 1554 V 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phi l. & Mar. c. 10.

257

Hi

U

M

>1*

«•

ill

ft

IB

ft

ft

IB

ft

(ii

lb

V'

ii

h

ai

IB

ft

III

r

US

fl

I*

i*

ib

i>

V

ii

0

0

V

'*■

I*

!*

l»

I*

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons, during the time that our said Sovereigne Lorde the King that nowe ys shall and ought to have the Order Rule Educaf6n and Govemem1 of suche Issue or Issues, being King or Quene of this Realme, according to thorder and provision aforesaid, maliciouslie advisedly and directlye by Writing Printing overt Dede or Acte, doo compas attempte and goo aboute to destroye the pson of our said Sovereigne Lorde or [doo'] deprive or remove his said Highnesse from thorder Rule Educa&ra and Govemement of the same Issue or Issues being King, [King or Quene of this Realme, contrary to the tenour ententand true meaning of this pnte Acte, That then everye suche pson [and’] p6ons so offending their procurers and abetters being therof lawfully convicte or attainted by the Lawes of this Realme, shalbe demed and adjudged High Traytours, and that all and every suche Offence and Offences shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Treason; And the Offendour and Offendoures therin, their Procurours Concelloures and Abbettoures shall incurre the daungeres forfeitures and penalties of Highe Treasone.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That all Trialls hereafter to be hadd awarded or made for any Treasone, shalbe hadd and used onelye according to the due order and course of the Common Lawes of this Realme and not otherwise.

Saving to every pson and psones Bodyes Politike and Corporate their heires and successours, other then Thoffendours and their heires and suche pson and psons as claime to any of their uses, all suche Rightes Titles Interestes Possessions Leases Rentes Reverc&ns Offices and other Profites, whiche they or any of them shall have at the day of the committing suche Treasons or at any tyme afore, in as large and ample maner as yf this Acte hadd never bene hadd nor made.

Provided Alwaies and be it declared and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That conceylement or keping secrett of any Highe Treason be demed and taken onely Misprision of Treason, and the Offendo" therin to forfeite and suffer as in cases of Misprision of Treason hathe heretofore bene used; Any thing above mentioned to the contrarie notwithestanding.

Provided Also, That if it shall fortune hereafter any of the Peires of this Realme to be indicted of any of the Offences made Treason or Misprision of Treason by this Acte, that then the same Peires or Peire so being indicted shall be putto aunswer unto every suche Indictement before the Highe Stuarde of Englande for the tyme being, and to have his and their tryall by his and their Pieres, and to receive and have suche like judgement upon the same triall of his or their Piers, or making open confession of the same Offence or Offences, as is used in other cases of Highe Treason.

And it is further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons shall in any wise bee impeached for any of the Offences abovesaid, comitted onely by open preaching or woordes, oneles the Offender or Offenders be [therfore4 ] indicted within syxe monethes next after the same open preaching or woordes; Any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided Alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That upon tharraignement of any p6on whiche hereafter shall fortune to be arraigned for any Treason mentioned in this Arte, All and everye suche pson and p6ons or twoo of them at the least, as shall hereafter write declare confesse or depose any thing or thinges against the pson to be arreigned, shall yf they bee then lyving and within the Realme, be brought for the in pson before the ptie arraigned, yf he require the same, and objecte and say openlye in his hearing what they or any of them can against him for or concerning any the Treasons conteined in the Indictement, wherupon the ptie shalbe so arreigned, oneles the ptie arraigned for any suche Treason shall willingly confesse the same at the time of his or their arraignment.

Provided Nevertheles and Be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That in all cases of Highe Treason concerning Coine Currant w*in this Realme, or for contrefeiting the King or Quenes Signet Privie Seale Greate Seale or Signe Manuell, such maner of triall & none other be observed & kept as heretofore hath bene used by the Comon Laues of this Realme; Any Law Statute or any other thing or thinges to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided Alwaies, That the Coucellours Procurers Comforters and Abetters for his or their first Offence, shall suffer like punishem' penaltie and forfeiture as is conteined in this Arte against the principal! Offenders for their first Offence, and none other : And that the Coucelloures Procurers Comforters and Abettoures for his or their seconde Offence shall susteine like punishem1 penaltie and forfeiture as is contemed in this Acte against the principall Offendour or Offendo" for their seconde Offence and none other.

V.

Attempt! by Writing or overt Act against the King, during such Guardianship, declared High Treason.

VI.

All Trials for Treasons shall be according to the Common Lav.

VII. General Saving.

VIII. Concealment of Treason declared Misprision only.

IX.' Peers offending shall be tried by their Peers.

»X. Limitation of Prosecutions for preaching, he. Si* Months.

XI.

On Trials for Treason under this Act, Two Witnesses shall be confronted with the accused.

XII. Trials for counterfeiting Coin, &c. as st Common Law.

XIII.

Punishment ot Accessories.

1 to 0.

- 0. omits.

* or 0.

4 therof 0.

c r Go glc

258

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c.U, 12. ^.Z>.1554&? 1554^5.

Counterfeits imported of foreign Coins current in the Realm;

Importing such Counterfeit foreign Coin, to utter the same in the Realm, declared High Treason.

II.

How Offenders under this Act, or for counterfeiting, Ac. Coin of the Realm, shall be tried.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the punishement of bringing in of counterfeite Coine of forreyne Realmes, being currant within

this Realme.

WHERE divers and sundry Coines of Golde and Silver of other Realmes, not being of the proper Coine of this Realme of Englande, and yet by the suffrance and consent of the King and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye be currant in paiment within this Realme, many ill disposed psons for their owne corrupte lucre and advantage, have nowe of late brought into this Realme from the parties of bevonde the Sea greate quantitie of forged and counterfeite money like to the sayd Coine of other foreine Realmes, and have uttered the same here by Marchandising and otherwise to diverse of the subjectes of this Realme, to their greate deceipt hurt and damage, because the sayd yll disposed psons have perceyved and understanded that ther was not nor yet is anye sufficient Lawe or Statute made or provided for the condigne punishement of thoffenders in that behalf; Wherfore Be it enacted and established by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That if any pson or psons, after the twentithe day of Januarye next coming, shall bring from the parties of beyonde the Seas, (') or into any the Dominions of the same, any suche false and counterfeite Coyne or Money being curraunte within this Realme as is aforesayd, knowing the same Coine or Money to be false and couterfeite, to the intent to utter or make paiment withe the same within this Realme or any the Dominions of the same by marchaundising or otherwise, That all and every suche pson or psons so offending as is aforesaid theyre Coucellours procurours aydours and abettours in that behalf shalbe demed and judged to be offendo" in Highe Treason, and shall suffer, after lawfull convictyon or attaindor therof, such paines of deathe losse and forfeitur of landes gooddes and cattelles as other offendors shall doo in cases of Highe Treasone.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesayd. That all and everye persone and psons, that shall at any tyme after the said twentithe daye of Januarye be accused or impeached of any of thoffences conteined and provided for in this Estatute, or of any other offence or offences concerning thimpayring couterfeiting or forging of anye Coyne currant within this Reahne, shall and maye bee endicted arraigned tryed convicted or attaynted by suche lyke evydence and in suche maner and fourme as hathe bene used and accustomed within this Realme at any tyme before the first yere of the raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Eduarde the Syxte: Any Statute Custume Lawe or Usage to the contrarye therof in any wise notwithestanding.

Cattle distrained shall not be driven out of the Hundred, except to an open Pound, &c.

No Distress shall be impounded in several Places.

H.

Fee on impounding 4d. only.

III.

Sheriffs of Counties shall appoint four Deputies for Replevins;

Penalty per Month.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act touching thimpounding of Distresses.

FOR thavoiding of grevous vexations exaccons troubles and disorder in taking of Distresses and impoundyng of Cattayle : Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam', That from and after the first daye of Aprill next coming. No Distres of Cattell shall bee dryven out of the Hundrede Rape Wapentake or Lathe wher suche [Distresses’] ys or shalbe taken, Excepte it bee to a Pownde overte within the said Shyre, not above three myles distante from the place where the said Distresse ys taken ; and that no Cattell or other Gooddes, distreigned or taken by way of Distresse for any maner of cause at one tyme, shalbe impounded in severall places, wherby the Owner or Owners of suche Distres shalbe constreyned to sue severall Replevis for the delyverye of the said Distresse so taken at one tyme; upon payne every persone offending contrarye to this Acte shall forfaite to the partye greyed for every suche Offence, one hundrethe shillinges and treble Damages.

And further Be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That after the said first daye of Aprill, no pson or psons shall take for keping impownde impownding or pondage of any maner of Distres, above the some of iiij d. for any one hole Distres that shalbe so impounded, and where les hathe bene used, ther to take les, upon the payne of fyve powndes to be payd to the partie greyed, over and besides suche monye as he shall take above the some of iiij d. Any Usage or Prescripcbn to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

And for the more [spedye1 ] delyverye of Cattell taken by waye of Distres, It ys further enacted by the said aucthoritee, That every Shyryff of Shyres, being no Cyties or Townes made Shires, shall at his first Coutie daye or within two monethes next after he hathe receyved his Patent of his Office of Shirifwike, shall depute appointe and proclaime in the Shire Towne within his Balywike sour Deputies at the least dwelling not above twelve myles one distant from an other, whiche said Deputies so appointed and proclaymed shall have aucthorite in the Shiriffes name to make Replevies and Delyverance of suche Distresses, in suche maner and fourme as the Shirif may or ought to doo; upon payne that every Shiriff, for everye monethe that he shall lacke suche Deputie or Deputies, shall forfeite for every suche Offence fyve powndf; thone halfe of whiche forfaytures shall be to the Kinge and Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures, The other halfe to him that will sue for the same, by Bill Playnte Information or Accon of debte, in any the Kinge and Quenes Courtes of Recorde, in which no Essoigne Protecc&n nor Wager of Lawe shall bee admitted.

1 into thys Realme O.

* Dystresae 0.

’ spedyer O.

A.D. 1554> & 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 13.

259

1

Recital of Statute t Hen. VII. c. 3. for bailing Felon* by Two Justices;

Evasion thereof 1

CHAPTER Xin.

An Act appointing an Order to Justices of Peace for the Bailement of Prisoners.

WHERE in the Pliam* holden at Westminster in the thirde yere of the reigne of the noble Prynce King Henrye the Seventhe, It was among other thinges ordeined and enacted, That no Prysoner arrested for Felony shoulde bee letton to Bayle or Mayneprise by any one Justice of Peace, but by the whole Justices or at least by twoo of them wherof One to be of the Quoru: Synce the making of whiche Estatute one Justice of Peace, in the name of himself and one other of the Justices his compagnion, not making the said Justice partie nor pryvie unto the case wherfore the Prysoner shoulde bee bayled, hathe often tymes by sinister labour and meanes sett at large the greatest and notablest Offenders, suche as be not replevisable by the Lawes of this Realme, and yet the reither to hide their affecc&ns in that behalf, have signified the cause of their apprehencftn to bee but onely for suspicion of Felonye, wherby the sayd Offendo" [ hathe' ] escaped unpunished, and doo daylye, to the highe displeasure of Almightye God, the greate perill of the King and Quenes true Subjectes, and encoragment of allTheves and evill doers: For Reformacftn wherof be it enacted and ordeined by the King and Quenes Ma"" the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam* assembled and by aucthorite of the same, That from and after the first daye of Aprill next cfiming, no Justice or Justices of Peace shall lett to baile or maineprise any suche pson or psons, whiche for any Offence or Offences by them or anye of them comitted bee declared not to be [replevisable*] or bayled, or be forbidden to be replevied or bayled by The statute of Westminster Primer, made in the Pliant* holden in the thirde yere of the reigne of King Edwarde the firste:

And furthermore that any pson or psons, arrested for manslaughter or felonye or suspecc&n of manslaughter or felonye, being baileable by the Lawe, shall not after the sayd first daye of Aprill bee lett to Baile or Maineprise by anye [Justices5] of Peace, yf it bee not in open Sessions, Excepte yt be by twoo Justices of Peace at the least wherof One to bee of the Quoru, and the same Justices to be pnte together at the tyme of the said Bailement or Mayneprise ; whiche Bailem* or Mayneprise they shall certyfie, in writing signed or subscribed with their owne handes, at the nexte generall Gaole Delyverye to be holden within the Countie wher the said pson or psons shalbe arrested or suspected: And that the said Justices or one of them being of the Quoru, when any suche Prysoner ys brought before them for any Manslaughter or Felonye, before any Bailement or Maineprise, shall take thexaminacon of the said Prysoner and informacSn of them that bringes him, of the facte and circumstances therof, and the same, or asmuche therof as shalbee materiall to prove the felonye, shall put in writing before they make the same Bailem*, whiche said examinacSn togither withe the said Bailem', the said Justices shall certefie at the next generall Gaole Deliverye to bee holden within the lymytes of their Comission

And that every Coroner, upon anye Inquisition before him fownde, wherby any pson or psones shalbee indicted for murther or maslaughter, or as accessarye or accessaries to the same before the murther or manslaughter comitted, shall put in writing theffecte of thevidence geven to the Jurye before him being materyall; and aswell the said Justices as the said Coroner shall have aucthorite by this Acte to bynde all suche by Recognisance or Obligation, as doo declare any thing materiall to prove the said Murther or Manslaughter Offences or Felonies or to bee Accessarie or Accessaries to the same as is aforesaid, tappeare at the next generall Gaole Deliverye to be holden within the Countie Citie or Towne Corporate wher the tryall therof shalbee, then and ther to gyve Evydence against the partie so indicted at the tyme of his tryall; and shall certifie aswell the same evidence as suche bonde and bondes in writing as he shall take, together with thinquisition or indictament before him taken and fownde, at or before the tyme of his said trial 1 therof to be hadd or made : And lykewise the said Justices shall certefie all and every suche [bounde4] taken before them in lykemaner as before ys said of Bailementes and Examinacon : And in case anye Justice of Peace or Quorum or Coroner, shall after the said first daye of Aprill offende in any thing contrary to the true intente and meaning of this pnte Acte, that then the Justices of Gaole Delyverye of the Shire Citie Towne or Place where suche Offence shall happen to be comitted, upon due proofe therof by examinacon before them, shall for every suche Offence sett suche fine, on every of the 6ame Justices of Peace and Coroner, as the same Justices of Gaole Deliverie shall thinck meete, and shall estreate the same as other Fines and Amerciamentes assessed before Justices of Gaole Delyverie ought to bee.

Provided alwaies and Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That Justices of Peace and Coroners within the Citie of London and the Countie of Middlesexe, and in other Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate within this Realme and Wales, shall within their severall jurisdice&ns have aucthoritee to letto bayle Fellons and Prysoners, in suche maner and fourme as they have bene heretofore accustomed, This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrarye notwithestanding ; And also shall take examinations and bondes as is aforesaid, upon every Bailement by them or any of them to be made, and shall Certifie every suche Bailementes Bondes and Examinac&ns by them or any of them taken or made, at the next Gaole Delyverye to be holden within the Shire Citie Borowe or Towne wher their severall Jurisdictions extendethe; upon like payne and forfeiture as is before limited in this pnte Acte.

And bee yt also Enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That no Writtes of Habeas [Corpora5] or Certiorari shalbee hereafter granted to remove any Prisoner out of any Gaole, or to remove any Recognizance, except the same Writtes bee

signed with the proper handes of the Chief Justice, or in his absence One of the Justices of the Courte out of which the

same Writtes shalbe awarded or made; upon payne that he that writethe any suche Writtes not being signed as is aforesaid ,he Ch?ef to forfeite to our said Sovereigne Lorde the King and the Quene, for every suche Writte and Writtes, Fyve Powndes. '*u,Ucc' *c'

None shall be bailed for Offence* declared not bailable by Stat. Westm. I.

3 Edw. 1. c. ij.

Penon* bailable shall be bailed by Two Justices present together;

Certificate thereof;

Previoua Examination of Prisoner* for Manslaughter or Felony ; and Certificate thereof;

Examination* before the Coroner for Murder, Sic. Binding Witnesae* to appear, &c. Certificate thereof;

Justice* of Gaol Delivery may fine for Neglect of this Act.

II.

Proviso for Justices of Peace and Coroners in London and Middlesex and Towns Corporate.

III. Writs of Habeas Corpus and Certiorari shall be signed

replevised O. 5 Justice 0. 4 bonde 0.

' Corpus 0.

by

260

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 14.

A.D. 1554 1554-5.

RuikIi, Satins, &c. made abroad from Norfolk Wools}

Such Satins, &c. lately made at Norwich by the Mayor and Citizens, &c.

Such Satins, &c. shall be called Norwich Satins and Fustians.

The said Mayor and Citizens, Sec. declared a Fellowship, and empowered to choose Wardens.

II.

The said Wardens and Fellowship incorporated, with Power to punish Offenders ; and all Makers of such Satins and Fustians shall be free of such Fellowship.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for the making of Russelles Sattins Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples in the Citie of Norwiche.

WHERE of late yeres passed, Russels called Russelles Sattens and Sattens Reverses have bene practised to be made beyonde the Seas of the Woolles bredd in the Countye of Norfolke, and by reason therof so greate quantirie of the said Russels Sattens (') Sattens Reverses have bene brought into this Realme, solde and worne aswell in every parte of this 'Realme as in the partes beyonde the Seas, that therby the Misteries of Woorstedes making and weaving, wherby Marchantes and Inhabitantes of the Cyttye of Norwiche have heretofore bene well maintained and relieved, ys nowe at this pnte almost wholye decayed and brought out of estimac&n and very litle worne, either within this Realme or in any other forreine Realmes, to the greate hindrance and decaye of the said Citric and Citisens of the same Citie: Fok Remedie wherof, Thomas Marsham Maiour of the Cittie of Norwiche, John Corbet Esquire Austen Stewarde Robert Leche Robert Rugge John Ball and Alexander Mather Aldermen of the said Citie, Thomas Whall Thomas Peeke Raphe Marsham Robert Henrye John Sutton Richarde Tomson Citisens and Marchantes of the said Cittie, at their greate costes and chardges, aswell in bringing of certeine Strangers from the partes beyonde the Seas into the saide Citie, as also in making of Loombes and all other provision for the same, and also have called unto them Eight psons of the most discrete and worthy men of the misterye of Worstedd weaving within the sayd Citie, that ys to saye, John Cooke James Lyn John Crosse Symon Petyt John Marshall Roger Lecke Edmunde Barker and Edmunde Selers, being the number of xxj p6ons, whiche have not onely made Russels Sattens ( ') Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples within the said Citie of Norwiche, of Norfolke Woolles, But also have learned and taught other Citizens and Inhabitantes of the sayd Citie to make the same, in suche good and pfecte maner that muche better Russels Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples and suche like, and for easier prises, bee now at this pnt wrought and made within the sayd Citie then heretofore hathe been or nowe be made in any of the pties beyonde the Seas; wherby the said Citie and Inhabitantes therof maye and be like agayne to bee relieved and brought to [the* ] olde Estate, to the greate advancement of the Comodities of this Realme and enriching the same, yf some goodd and polirike Lawes and Ordinaunces were made for the good contynnuance of the true makinge of the sayd Russelles Sattens Sattyns Reverses and Fustians of Naples and suche lyke: In Considerac&n wherof Be it enacted by thassent of the King and Quenes Highnes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliam1 assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That the sayd Russelles Sattens (1) Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples hereafter to bee made onely within the sayd Cytie may from hensforthe beare the name and be called by the name of Norwiche Sattens and Norwiche Fustians; and that the Maiour and thaforemenrioned Citizens of the same Citie, whiche before this tyme hathe been at the costes and charges of the bringing of the said Strangers into the same Citie for the making of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustians of Naples, and suche thaforemenrioned eight psons that they have called unto them, shalbe a Felowshippe of themselfes, and shall yerely the thirde daye of Februarye, choose of their felowes sower Wardens within the Guilde Hall of the said Citie, or any other comon and convenient place in the same Citie ; and the same Wardens so being chosen shall stande and be Wardens of the same Felowshippe during one whole yere next ensueng the said eleccon, and that the same Wardens after the said eleccon shall come before the Maio' of the said Citie for the time being yerely the Mundaye next after the said thirde daye of Februarye, and before the said Maior shalbe sworne diligentlye to viewe searche and see all the Russeles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples then made or that shalbee made within the said Citie during the said yere ; And suche of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples, as shall appeare and bee demed by them to be lawfully trulye and woorckemanlye wrought, shall seale with a seale of leade bearing the Armes of the Citie of Norwiche, wherby it maye bee knowen to the Merchant or Buyer of them that the same bee alowed and trulye made.

And that also it maye be enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the said Wardens and Felowshippe shall be a

Bodye Corporate, and to be named and bee enabled by this Acte to sue and be sued and to give and to take by

the name of Wardens and Felowshippe of the Mysterye of Russell Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche making within the said Citie of Norwiche : And yf any defaulte at any time shall bee founde in any of the said Russells

Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche or in any of them by the said Wardens, that the same defaulte

shalbe refourmed, and thoffendo' or Offendo" therin to be punished, according to suche Rules and Ordinances as hereafter from tyme (1) shalbee made within the said Citie by the Maiour of the said Citie for the tyme being, and by the said foure Wardeines and the Felowshippe of the said Occupation or Misterie or the greatest nomber of the said Felowshippe for and concerning the same ; and that the same defaultcs from tyme to tyme as occasion shall serve shalbee enquired of and tryed before the Maio’ of the said Citie of Norwiche for the tyme being, by the Othes of twelfe honest Men of the foresaid Felowshippe ; And that the same sour Wardeynes so chosen and swome shall have full powre and aucthoritee to doo execute present and refourme all and singler thing and thinges, of for and concerning the said Misterie making woorcking and occupieng of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche within the said Citie, in suche maner and fourme as in or by the said Ordinances shalbee expressed and declared ; and that at all tymes hereafter and from tyme to tyme, it shalbe lawfull to the Maio' of the said Citie for the tyme being, and to the beforenamed Felowshippe and Wardeines of the same Misterie and the more parte of them and to their successoures, to make and ordeine from tyme to tyme Rules Lawes and Ordinances meete and necessarye for the good Order and Governance of the said Misterye, and for the true and well making of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and [Fustyans* ] of Norwiche ; and the same Ordinances so made to be at all tymes obeyed by all thinhabitantes of the said Citie or Suburbes of the

1 and O.

1 their O.

’ to tyme 0.

' Fustyan 0.

Got

A.D. 1554, & 1554-5. 1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 14.

261

t

k

a

i

k

h

k

k

h

Ik

ii

it

b

ii

in

to

I!

Is

II

to

n

k»

to

Ik

to

to

to

to

I*

if

to

ito

to

to

to

to1

to

to

sto

same and to be putt in due execucftn by the said Maio' and Wardeines and their Successoures for the time being, in suche maner and fourme as by the said Ordinance shall bee ordeined and declared : And that suche as nowe bee and that hereafter shalbe makers of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche and every of them within the said Citie, shall not from hensforthe occupie the said Misterye and making of the said Russels Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche nor any of them within the said Citie by themselves or by any other, before he or they occupieng the said Misterie within the said Citie be made free of the said Citie and admitted to bee of the said Felowshippe by the Maio' of the said Citie and Wardeines and Felowshippe of the said Misterie for the time being: And that no psone doo occupie by himselfe or any other for him out of the sayd Citie the sayd Mysterye of makynge of Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustyans of Naples or of anye of them before he or they so occupieng the same have been premise to the said Misterie by the terme of seven yeres or ells admitted by the said Maio’ and Felowshippe or the more parte of them, upon paine of forfeiture of the same Russels Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche by them or any of them to be made contrari to the fourme of this Acte.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the said Maio’ and Wardeynes for the time being shall not take any some of Moneye or Rewarde to their owne proper uses for the admitting of any pson or psons toccupie the said Misterie, upon payne of forfeiture of treble the value of the Rewarde or some of Money so by them or any of them to be taken.

Provided also that it shalbe lawfull to the sayd Wardeines and to every of them for the tyme being by all waies and meanes and at all lawfull tymes, diligentlie from tyme to tyme to make searche by due and ordinarie waies for all manner of the said Russels Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche that shall happen to bee founde by them defective for lack of good and true woorckmanshippe : And that it shalbe lawfull to the said Wardeines and every of them for the tyme being by vertue of this Acte, to sease and take the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian and bring and present the same Clothes so seased and taken to the Maio' of the said Citie for the tyme being and unto his successoures, to thintent that twelfe honest lawfull and expert Men of the said Misterie and Felowshippe being swoome before the said Maio', may by vertue of their Othes make inquirie and present the maner of the said defaultes before the said Maio' for the tyme being according to suche good and holesome Ordinances and Rules as shalbee ordeined and made for the conservac&n and good continuance of the said occupac&n and misterie and the true making and worcking of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustians of Norwyche: And that all and every pson and psons that shall occupie use and exersice the said misterie or making of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustians of Norwiche or any of them contrarye to the fourme teno' playne meaning and intent of this Acte, and of the Rules and Ordinances that at any time hereafter by aucthoritee of this Acte shalbe ordeyned and made for the continuance of the true and pfect making of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche, shall forfeite and loose for every tyme so offending or making any Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche contrary to the meaning teno' and effect of the said Acte Rules and Ordinances concerning the same, suche amerciamentes fines and paynes as shalbe adjudged assessed and affered by twelve expert Men of the said Felowshipe upon their Othes, the same twelve psons to be swome before the saide Maiour and Wardeines tenquire and make true verdicte and presentment of such defaultes ; Thone half of all whiche forfeitures to be to the Maio' of the said Citie for the time being and his successours and thother moyetie to the said Wardeines for the time being and their successo", by Action of Dett Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any Courte of Recorde, In whiche Action Bill Playnt or Informacon no Wager of Lawe Protecc&n Injunction or Forrein Plea shalbe allowed : And in case it shall fortune hereafter that any of the said Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Norwiche, shall lacke of suche lengthes and bredthes, or of the true and ensuing makinge or sorting of the Yame as shall be appointed and set for the by the said Rules and Ordinances, and the same so to bee founde defective by verdicte of xij Men of the said Felowshippe before the said Maio' and Wardeins and their successoures ; That then the said Russells Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustians of Naples and every of them so founde defective to be cut in twoo peeces, and to pay suche Fine or Fines as shalbe [offered and affered1 ] by the said xij expert men by vertue of their Othes ; thone moietie of which Fine or Fines to be to the Maio' of the said Citie for the time being and to his successours, and thother moietie to the Wardens of the said Felowshippe for the time being and to their Successoures.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any Wardeine or Wardeines for the time being of the said misterie or occupac&n of making of Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses and Fustian of Naples, shall at any time hereafter seale or cause to be sealed any Russelles Sattens Sattens Reverses or [ Fustian ’ ] of Naples, that shall not be well sufficient and truly wrought and made, according to the true entent and meaning of this pnte Acte, shall forfeite and loose for every peece so sealed, being not well sufficient and trulye wrought and made, the whole value of every suche peece so sealed, thone half of whiche forfeitures to be to the King and Quenes Ma,i" her heires and successoures and the other moietie therof to bee to suche psone and psones as shall sue for the same by Byll Acc&n or Informac&n in any of the Kinges Courtes of Recorde; In whiche Bill Actyon or Informacion no Essoigne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbee allowed.

III. No Fees on Admission to •uch Freedom.

IV.

Wsrdens of the said Fellowship empowered to search for and seize all defective Satins, fete, to be examined, and the Offenders fined, 4cc.

V.

Penalty on Wardens sealing defective Satins,

&c.

1 affered and assessed O.

* Fustyans 0.

3 X

262

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 15. 4.DA554 V 1554-5.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act to confirme the Lyberties of the Lordes Marchers in Wales.

(')

Recital of Statute "f f UMBLIE Besechen yor Excellent Majesties yo' true and faithefull Subjectes the Lorde Marchars bothe Spuall

27 H. VIII. c.26. an(j Temporall within yor Highnes Dominion of Wales, That wheras in the Pliament holden at Westm the

xxvij yere of the reigne of King Henrye theight, father unto yo our naturall Sovereigne Ladye, amongest other thinges, One Act was made and established for Lawes and Justice to be ministredd in the said Dominion of Wales in like fourme

f) 19. relating to the Powers of Lords Marchers in Wales.

as it is in this Realme of Englande; In the whiche Acte one Article is, that for that the Lordes Marchers before [the1] Pliam’ had used to put their tenantes within their Lordshipes Marchers under Comon Mainprise and Suertie of Apparance, and have hadd the forfeitures therof, whiche for ever from and after the feast of All Saintes then next ensuing the said Pliam* should utterly seace and bee determined ; It was enacted that after the said Feast of All Saintes every Laye and Temporall pson then being a Lorde Marcher should have the moietie or half of every forfeiture of all and every Comon Mainprice Recognisance for the Peace or Apparance forfeited by any of their Tenantes inhabiting within any of their Lordeshippes Marchers, and they to be paid the same moietie or half by thandes of the Shiriff of everye the Counties where suche forfeiture shalbee yf the Shiriff can levie the same, and the same Sherif taccompte to o' said late Sovereigne Lorde the King for thother half or moietie in suche Exchequer as they be accomptant; And further it was enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that all and every Laye and Temporall pson [and1] psons then being Lordes Marchers, and having any Lordships Marchers or Lordships Roiall, should from and after the said Feast of All S'" have all suche Mises and profites of their Tenantes as thei have hadd or used to have at the first entrye into their Landes in tymes past; And also should have holde and kepe within the precincte of theire Lordeshipes, Courtes Baron Courtes

Leete and Lawedayes, and all and every thing to the said Courtes belonging and also shoulde have within the precincte of their said Lordshipes or Laweday, Waif Straif Infangthefe Outfangthefe Treasure trovie Deodandes Goodes and Catalles of Fellons and of psons condempned or outlawed of Felony or Murther, put in exigent for Felony or Murther and also Wreck de Merr Wharfage and Customes of Strangers, as they have hadd in times past, as thoughe suche privilegies ( 4 ) granted unto them by pointe of Charter, any thing in that Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding, as in the

Powers of Bishops said Acte of Pliament more at large it maye appeare; And Forasmuche as Bushoppes and other Ecclesiasticall psons

Marchers^and of being Lordes Marchers, having the lyke Liberties Casualties Profites and Comodities within their Lordshipes Marchers and LC'd Lordeshippes Royall within the said Dominion or Principalite of Wales, were not provided for by thexpres Letter of

not provided for; the said Statute, in like sorte as the Laye and Temporall Lordes Marchers were, but reither of purpose as it should seme forgotten and lefte out of the said Acte, against all Reason and good Equitie : And forasmuche also as theires and successours of the Lay and Temporall Lordes Marchers then being, were not provided for by the Limitation and expres Woordes of the said Acte aswell as their Auncestoures and Predecessoures were, as reason woulde they should have been; Lords Marchers in IT Maie please yo* Ma'f of yo' most gratious favour and benignitie at thhumble sute and supplication of yor said faithfull Spiritual or ' Subjectes the Lordes Marchers that now arre in the said Dominion of Wales, bothe Spirituall and Temporall, to grant Temporal, shall ^ that it maye by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Pliament assembled. Forfeitures on Bee ordeined established and enacted by thaucthorite of this pnt Pliament, That aswell yo' said Spuall and Ecclesiasticall

of^hmr Tenants Subjectes Lordes Marchers nowe having Lordships Marchers or Lordeships Roiall in Wales aforesaid and their

and also the ancient successours, and the successoures of every of them. As also theires and successoures of the Lordes Temporall Marchers that then were or nowe bee, and theires or successoures of every of them, being or whiche hereafter shalbe Lordes Marchers, within their Lordeshippes Marchers and Lordeshipes Roiall in the Dominion or Principalite of Wales, shall have and enjoy to them and to their heires and successoures respectively and severally for ever, the moietie and half of every forfeiture of all and every Comon Mainprise Recognisance for the Peaxe or Apparance forfeited by any (‘) their tenantf inhabiting within anye their Lordeshipes Marchers or Lordeships Roiall, and they to be paide the same moietie or half by thandes of the Shirif of the Contie for the time being, after suche fourme and sorte as the saide Lay (6) Temporall Lordes Marchers have been or ought to have bene paide the same by force of the said Statute: And further shall have all suche Mises and profites of their tenantes as the Lordes Marchers Spirituall or Temporall, respectively or severally hadd or used to have at their first entrye into their landes in times past before the making of the said Acte or Statute; And also shall have holde and kepe within the precincte of their said Lordeshipes all suche Courtes Baron Courtes Leete and Lawdeaies, and all and every thing and thinges to the same Courtes belonging, and also shall have within the precincte of their said severall Lordeshipes or Lawedaies, all suche Waif Straif Infangthefe Outfangthefe Treasure trovie Deodandes Gooddes and Cattells of Felons and of psons condempned or outlawed of Felonye or Murther, put in Exigent for Felony or Murther, and also all suche Wreck de Mer Wharfage and Customes of Strangers, as the Lordes Marchers Spuall and Temporall respectively and severally hadd and used in tymes past before the making of the said Statute.

Mises oil Entry into Lands, and all Courts Leet, Liberties, and Franchises, as before Stat.

»7 Hen. VIII.

• To the Kinge & Qwene o' So9aigne Lorde 8c Ladye O. • that O. or 0.

* were 0. ‘of 0. • or O.

A.D. 1554 &P 1554-5.

1° & 2° Phil. & Mak. c* 16.

263

I

l

I

I

i

I

I

i

CHAPTER XVL An Act for the continuance of certayne Statutes.

WHERE in the Pliament begone and holden at London the thirdd daye of November in the xxj yere of the Reigne of our most dreade Sovereine Lorde of most famouse memory King Henry theight, and from thence adjourned to Westin and ther holden and continued by dyvers prorogacfins unto the dissoluc&n therof, One Acte was made and established for the restraint of cariage and conveying of Horses and Mares out of this Realme: And also one other Acte was there made for the true winding of Woolles: And one other Acte was ther made to restreine killing of Wainlinges Bullockes Steres and Heifers being under thage of twoo yeres; whiche sayd several 1 Actes were then made to endure and continewe to the next Parliament, as by the said severall Actes more playnely appearethe: And where also in the same Pliam' One other Acte was made and established for Attaintes to bee sued for the punishement of Pjurye upon untrue Verdictes; whiche Actes last before rehearsed, were then made and ordeined to continue and endure to the last daye of the nexte Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnely at large is shewed and maye appeare : And where also in the Pliam' begune and holden at Westiri theight daye of June in the xxviijlh yere of the Reigne of our said most dreade Sovereine Lorde King Henry theight, and ther continued and kept [unto1] the dissolucbn therof, It was ordeined and enacted, that all and singler the said Actes above remembred and every of them, shoulde ‘continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also be observed and kept until the last day of the next Plana', as by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteined more playnlye appearethe: And Where also in the Pliam' begune and holden at Westni the xxviij day of Aprill in the xxxj<k yere of the Reigne of our said late most dread Soveraigne Lorde King Henry theight, and ther continued untill the xxviij" daye of June then next following, It was ordfeined and enacted by thaucthorite of the same Parliament, that all and singler the sayd severall Actes above remembredd and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in'them and every of them conteyned, shoulde continue and endure in their force and strengthe and also bee observed and kepte untill the last daye of the next Pliain1, As by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteyned more playnely appearethe : And where in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the xxxv"1 yeare of the Raigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight, One Acte was made for the preservac&n of Wooddes, to endure for seven yeres then next following, and from thence to the ende of the next Pliam’; As by the same Acte more playnlye dothe and maye appeare: And where also at the Parliament holden at Westmynster in the seven and thirtye yere of the Reigne of the said King Henrye theight, and ther continued and kepte untill the dissoluc&n therof. It was ordeined and enacted, that all and singler the sayd Actes above mentioned and every of them, Excepte the said Acte made for the preservac&n of Wooddes as ys aforesaid, should continue and endure in their force and strengthe and also to be observed and kepte untill the last day of the next Pliam* then next folowing; As by the same Acte amongf other things therin conteined more plainly appearethe: And where also at the Session of the Pliam* ended at Westni in the xiiij,k daye of Marche in the thirde yere of the Raigne of our (*) Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Edoarde the Syxthe, One Acte was made for the true curryeng of Leather, whiche Acte was made to endure to thende of the nexte Parliament, As by the same Acte more playnelye appearethe: And where also at the Session of a Pliam* ended at Westni the first daye of Februarye in the fowrthe yere of the Reigne of o' sayd late Soveraigne Lorde King Edoarde the Syxte, One Acte was then and ther made concerning the buyeng of Roother Beastes: And also one other Acte was then and ther made, touching the buieng and selling of Butter and Chees; Whiche sayd severall Actes were then and ther made to endure and continue to the ende of the nexte Parliament; As by the same severall Actes more at lardge it doethe and maye appeare: And where also at the Session of a Pliam' by prorogac&n holden at Westni the xxiij'h day of Januarie in the fifthe yere of the Reigne of our said Sovereigne Lorde, One other Acte was then and ther made against Regratours and Forstallers, tendure to thende of the next Pliam'; Whiche all and singler the said Actes above mentioned, togither withe the said Acte concerning the preservac&n of Wooddes, at a Pliam' holden at Westiii the first daye of Marche in the vij'k yere of the Reigne of our said Sovereine Lorde King Edoarde the Sixthe, and ther continued and dissolved the last daye of the same monethc of Marche, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and everye of them conteyned, were ther revived, and continued to stande in their force and strengthe until the last day of the next Pliament: And where also at the Session of a Pliam* holden by prorogac&n at Westni the xxiiij*k day of October in the first yere of the Reigne of our most gratious Sovereine Ladye the Quene, and ther continued and kepte untill the dissoluc&n therof, One Acte was there made and established against Unlawfull and Rebellyous Assemblies, to endure to the ende of the nexte Parliament, as by the same Acte more playnely doethe and may appeare: And where also at the same Session of Pliam' last before mentioned, all and singler the Actes above mentioned, and before that time continued at sundry Pliamentes as is aforesaid, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned were ther revived, and continued to stande in their force and strength, unto the last daye of the next Pliam*: FonASMucHE as all and singler the said severall Actes above mentioned be good and beneficiall for the Comen Welthe of this Realme, Be it therfore enacted ordeined and established by the King and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, with thassent of the Lordes spuall and tempo rail and the Cdmons in this pnt Pliam' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That all and singler the said severall Actes and Statutes above mentioned and rehearsed, and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteined, shalbe revived continued stande and endure in their force and strengthe, to all Internes construcc&ns and purposes, and shall be observed and ke'.t in all things untill the last day of the next Pliament.

1 untill 0. " late 0.

Recital of Stati. aa H. VIII. c. 7. exporting Horses 1 13 H.Viii. c.17. winding Wool* 1

24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlings

23 H.VIII. c.j. Attaints on untrue Verdicts;

all continued by St. 28 H.VIII. cc. 6, 8, 9.

31 H.VIII. c.7.

35 H.VIII. c.17.

preserving Woods

37 H.VIII. c. 23. continuing Act;

2, 3 E.VI. c.9. currying Leather;

3,4 E.VI. c. 19. Cattle5

c. 21. Butter, Icc.

c.6E

Regral

*4-

All continued by 7 E.VI. c. 11.

1 Mary, St.a. e.is. unlawful Assemblies;

1 Mary, St.a. c.13. continuing Act.

All recited Acta revived and continued, to End of next Parliament.

264

1° & 2° Phil. & Mar. c. 17

A.D. 1554 & 1554-5.

CHAPTER XVn.

An Act towching Leases hereafter to bee made by certaine Spirituall Psons.

St»t. tS H. Vlll. ‘YYTHERE in the Pliam' begone and holden at Westm, theight day of June in the xxviij yere of the raigne of our Duration ofL«ie$ * late King of famouse memorye Henry theight, and ther continued and kept untill the dissolucbn of the same by Spiritual^ Pliam1, the xviij day of Julie (1) next following, One Act intituled An Acte for the Restitucftn of the First Fruites in

extend to «Uch the time of Vacacbn to the next Incumbent was had and made, wherin ar certaine Clauses for Leases then made, and

injure *made to ma^e’ Spuall and Ecclesiasticall psons tendure and bee in force for terme of syxe yeres, yf thincumbent dyd resigne their said Spuall Promoc&ns, or yf the same shoulde otherwise become voide by thonelye Acte of the same thincumbentes; As by the same Acte more at large may appeare: To the intente the Parsones and Vicares and others, having cure of Sowles may the better attende and bee the more vigilant in their Mysterye and Function, Be it enacted by the King our Sovereygne Lorde and by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye, withe the assentes of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam1 assembled and by thaucthorite of the same. That asmuche of the same Acte as dothe conceme the making good of the said Leases, ne any Clause Sentence Provision or Article therin conteyned, shall extende or be construed or adjudged to extende to any Lease that shalbe made by any Parsonne Vicarre or any other having anye Spuall Promotion after the Feast of the Purificactin of our Ladye nexte coming.

1 then 0.

Annis 2? & 3° PHILIPPI & MARINE. A.D. 1555

a

s:

iH

k

k

H

k

ii

!»

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT,

Holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-first Day of October,

In the SECOND and THIRD Years of the Reign of K. PHILIP and Q. MARY.

ex ftotulo |&arltamentt De annis regnorum 0|)tltppi &egte et fl^arte &egtne,

£>ecunDo ct Xertto.

In parllamento tento apud Westmonasteriu xxj° die Octobris, Annis Regnoru Philippi et Marie Dei gratia Anglie Frantie Neapolis Jtlrlem et Hibn Regis et Regine, Fidei Defensor, Principu Hispaniaru ac Cicilie, Archiduc Austrie Ducu Milanie Burgund ac Brabant Comit Hasburg Flandrie ac Tirolis, ij° et iij°. Comuni oim Dnoru tarn Spualiu q'm Temporaliu ac Coitatis 1 ] ac Regie Ma'f assensu, Sand? Inactat Stabilit et

Ordinal sues hec xxv [-..........* ] subsequentia. V2.

(*) I. — I

H. — a. IIL-3-IV.-4-

V--5-VI. —6. VII. — 7. VIII. —8.

IX. — 9.

X. —to.

XI— ii.

XII— 12.

XIII— 13.

XIV— 14. XV—15.

XVI.-16. XVII—17. XVIIL—18.

XIX—19. XX—20. XXI—21.

(4)

V) *3.

XXII. ---

XXIII. ---

An Acte for the Reedyfieng of Castelles and Fortes and for thenclosing of Growndes from the Borders towardes and against Scotlande.

An Acte for the Reedyfieng of decayed Houses of Husbandrie and for thencrease of Tyllage.

An Acte for the kepyng of Milche Kyne and for the breadyng and rearing of Calves.

An Acte for thextinguishement of the Fyrst Fruites, and touchyng Order and Disposition of the Tenthes of Spirituall and Ecclesiasticall Promotyons and of Rectories and Parsonagies Impropriate remaynyng in the Quenes Majesties Handes.

An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore.

An Acte against thexcessive taking of Purveyours.

An Acte against the byeng of stolen Horses.

An Acte for thamending of Highe Wayes.

An Acte to make voyde dyvers Lycences of Houses wherin unlaufull Games bee used.

An Acte to take thexamynacbn of Prysoners suspected of Manslaughter or Felonye.

An Acte touching Weavers.

An Acte for the vieuyng and sellyng of Clothes called Bridgewaters.

An Acte for thinhabitantes of Halyfaxe touching the byeng of Woolles.

An Acte for the Reedifieng of iiij Milles nere the Citie of Hereforde.

An Acte that Purveyours shall not take Victalles w'Sn v. miles of Cambridge or Oxforde.

An Acte towchyng Watermen and Bargemen upon the Ryver of Thamys.

An Acte to take away the Benefite of Clergie from Benet Smythe for the Murther of RufForde.

An Acte touching Comissions of the Peace and Gaole Delyverye in Townes Corporate not being Cownties in themselfes.

An Acte touching Poodyke in Marshelande.

An Acte for thenlargyng of the Duchye of Lancastree.

An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutes.

An Acte wherby the Duke of Norff by thadvice of the L. Chauncello' of Englande Therle of Arondell and the Bisshoppe of Ely maye make sales and gruntes of his Landes &c. notwithstanding his Minoritee. An Acte wherby theyres of S’ Edwarde Nevyle Knight arre restored to the remaynder of the Barronnye of Burgavenye.

An Acte for the Confirmac&n of a Subsidie graunted by the Clergie.

An Acte of a Subsydye graunted by the Temporaltie.

’ • The Roll is tom in these Places.

3 The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but are added to denote the Numbere of the Chapters in the Printed Collections, which contain XXIII. Acts of this Session. The Acts in the above List, numbered 22 and 23, are not inserted in any Printed Collections. The last Two Acts in the List are not entered on the Roll in Chancery s they are therefore printed from the Originals preserved in the Parliament Office. No Titles are entered in the Margins of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles from the above List at the Head of each Chapter.

* 23. on the Roll. s 22. on the Roll.

266

2°&3° Phil. & Mar. c. 1

A.D. 1555.

For Improvement of the Northern Counties,

Commissions of Inquiry shall be issued, in the Form set forth, to enqu're into and remedy Decays in Castles, Fortresses, Towns, See. in Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Durham.

CHAPTER I.

An Actb for the Reedyfieng of Castelles and Fortes, and for thenclosing of Growndes from the Borders towardes

and against Scotlande.

FOR the better habytacSn restoryng and reedyfyeng of the Castelles Fortresses and Fortellettes Villagf and Houses that bee decayed withyn the Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westmerlande and the Bishoprike of Durham, And for the better manuryng and employeng the Groundes withyn the same, and for the more encrease of Tillage: Bee it enacted by the Kyng and Quenes MaUN the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the C5mons [in'] this pnte Pliament assembled and by aucthoritee of the same, That from and after the first daye of December nexte ensuyng. Comission under the greate Seale of Englande shalbee directed from tyme to tyme as nede shall requyre, to suche psons as shalbee therunto named and appoynted by the King 8c Quenes Ma,k* and Theires 8c Successoures of the Quene, by theyr Bill or Billes signed w,h theyr Signe Manuell to bee directed to the Chauncello' of Englande for the time beyng, w* Comissiones shalbee according to the maner fburme tenour 8c effecte hereafter ensuing: Philip and Mary 8cc. Knowe ye that Wee have assigned yo or any nomber of y8, being syxe at the least, of the wch Wee will that A B. & C. shall bee three, to bee our Comissioners to surveye our Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westmerlande and the Bishoprick of Durham, or asmuche therof as to y3 or syxe of yo, wherof A. B. & C. shalbee three, shalbee thought convenient, and by suche waies 8c meanes as yo best can, tenquire what & howe many Castles Fortresses Sc Fortelettes Villagies Houses 8c Habitacons have beene decayed w’hn the same, and by whom and by what Occasions, and howe many of them are meete to bee reedified ; And also howe many Castles Fortresses and Fortelettes Villages Houses & Habitacons were meete to bee made of newe wlhin the said Counties & Bishoprike, and in what places the same were most meete to be scytuate ; and what partes of the said Counties 8c Bishoprike bee most apte for to bee enclosed 8c converted to tyllage or other necessarye manurance meete & convenient for those Countreis and the People of the same; and also to enquire what psons bee Owners Lordes Proprietaries Fermo" & Possesso" of the same or clayme any Interest in the same, and what estate or estates tearmes or interestes they or any of them have of and in the same: And therupon to take suche Order for the reedifieng of such the Castles Fortresses & Fortelettes Villages Houses & Habitacons heretofore decayed, and for the newe erectyng and makyng of others and the scytuacftns of the same, and for thenclosyng and converting to tyllage or other necessarye manurance suche partes & porfons of the saide Counties & Bishopricke as to yo or syxe of yo whereof A. B. 8c C. shalbee three, shalbee thought most meete and convenyent: Provided Alwayes, That by Colour or Vertue of this Cdmission yo doo not reedifie newe make or inclose or cause to be reedified newe made and enclosed as abovesaid in any place or places in any of the said Counties or Bishopprickes being in distance & lyeng above twentye Miles from the knowne partes of the borders of Scotlande: And Wee doo give unto y5 or unto any nomber of yo, being syxe at the least, wherof A. B. 8c C. shalbee three, full power and aucthorite tenquire, by thothes of thonest 8c laufull men of the Counties of Northumberlande Comberlande Westnftande and the Countye Palentine of Durham aforesayd, aswell w"in the Lyberties as w,hout by whom the truthe may bee best knowen, who hathe or holdethe any Landes or TeStf or usethe or perceyvethe any comon of pasture or other profitte aprender in the said Counties or Bishoprike *' roughout those partes of the same. And all those psones 8c every of them or suche of them to taxe assease chardge distrayne 8c payne after the quantite of theyr Landes Tents & Rentes, by the nomber of acres 8c perches after the rate of every psones profitt rent or tenure, or after the quantite of their comon of pasture or profitt apprender or other comodities ther, by suche wayes & meanes, and in suche maner 8c fourme as to yo or syxe of yo, whereof A. B. C. to bee three, shall seeme most convenient to bee ordeyned & done for the reedefieng making newe and enclosing as is aforesaid: And also to depute 8c assigne diligent faithfull & true Kepers Baylieff Surveyo" Collectoures Expenditoures and other Ministers Sc Officers, suche as yo our said Comissioners that shall appoint them will answer for, for the reedifieng newe making Sc enclosing as ys aforesaid, and finishing of the premisses 8c every of them : And to heare the thaccouptes of the Collectours and other Mynisters of Sc for the receypte 8c Iayeng out of the money that shalbee levied 8c payde in 8c aboute the said reedifieng newe makyng enclosing 8c finishing of the premisses and of every pcell therof, and to disc.ayne for tharrerages of every suche Collection Taxe or Assessement as often as shalbee expedient, or otherwise to punishe the deptours 8c deteino" of the same, by fines amertiamentes paines 8c other like meanes, after yo' good discretions: And also tarrest and take as many Cartes Oxen Beastes 8c other instrumentf necessarye, and as many Worckemen 8c Labourers as for the doyng making 8c finishing of the Premisses (*) : And also to take suche and as many Trees Woodes Undrewooddes Quicksettf Stone Sc Timber and other necessaries, as for the same Woorckes 8c Reparac&ns shalbee sufficient at a reasonable price by yo or syxe of yS, of the wrt Wee will that A. B. C. shalbee three, to bee assessed or lymited, aswell w^in the lymyttes 8c bondes aforesaid as in any other place and places w^in the said Countie Counties or Countie Palentyne: And to make 8c ordeyne Statutes Ordinancf 8c Provisions from tyme to tyme as the case shall require, for the safegarde conservac&n redres correcc&n 8c reformation of the premisses and of every of them, after the Lawes 8c Customes of Rumney Mershe in the Countie of Kent, or otherwise by any waies or meanes after yor owne wysdomes 8c discretyons: And to heare 8c determyne all 8c syngler the premisses, as well at our sute as at the sute of any other whatsoever complayning before yo or syxe of yo wherof A. B. C. shalbee three, after the Lawes and Customes aforesayd, or otherwyse by any other wayes or meanes after yor discrec&ns: And also to make 8c directe Writtes Preceptes Warrantes 8c other Comandementes by vertue of theys Presentes to all Sheriffes Bailiefes and all other Ministers Officers 8c other psons, aswell w'Mn the liberties as w^out, before yo or syxe of yo wherof the sayd A. B. C. to bee three, at certaine Dayes Termes 8c Places to bee prefixed to bee returned 8c receyved, and further to continue the processe of the same: And fynally Wee doo give unto yo or to any nomber of y3 being syxe at the least, wherof A. B. C. shalbee three, full power 8c aucthoritee to doo

•of 0.

• shall suffice, paying for the same competent Wages Salarye and Stipende 0.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 1.

267

Me

Si

k»

Mi

ik

■«

ni

M

io

bt

tii

n:

ki

Ui

M

T1

IP

hi

in

1*

hit

h* *» O* ¥ If

.to

k

if1'

h*

ik

<*

k*

A'

1*

ihf

»•»

all & every thing & thinges w* shalbee requisite for the due execuc&n of the premisses by all ways & meanes after yo' discretions: And therfore Wee comaunde yo that at certeyne dayes & places, when & where y3 or syxe of y5 wherof the said A. B. C. to be three shall thinck Expedient, Ye shall meete togither and survey the said Counties & Bishoprike as is aforesaid, and accomplishe fulfill here & determyne all & singler the premisses in due forme & to theffecte aforesaid, after yo' good Discretions ; And all suche as ye shall fynde necligent gainsaieng or resisting yo' doinges 81 proceedinges in & for the due execuc&n of this our Comission, that ye doo compell them by distress fynes or amerciamentes, or by other reasonable punishementf ways or meanes whiche to yo or syxe of y5 wherof A. B. C. shalbee three shall seeme most expedyent, for the speedye Remedye and Redresse therof: And all suche things as by yo shalbee made & ordeyned in this behalf aswell w"in the liberties as w^out, that Ye do cause the same fumely to bee observed, doyng therin as to our Justices apperteynethe, after the fourme & effecte of this pnte Comission and thacte of Pliament concerning the premisses made & provided, and according to yo' wisdomes and dyscretions: Saving always to Us suche fynes & amercyamentes as to us therof shall belong: And Wee also comaunde aswell our Sherif or Shyriffes of our said Counties of Northumberlande Cumbreland Westmerlande and the Bishprick of Durham & every of them, as all & every other Bailiefes Ministers & Officers w,hin the sayd Counties ft Countie Palentine, That they & every of them shall cause to come before yo and syxe of yo of the w1* A. B. C. shalbee three at suche days & places as ye shall appoint unto them, suche and as many honest men of his or their Bayliwike or Rowmes aswell w,hin the Lyberties as w^out by whom the truthe maye bee best knowne, tenquire of the premysses or any parte therof, comaundyng also all the said Sheryffes Mynisters and Officers, aswell w'"in the liberties as w,hout, That they & every of them shall bee attendant to yo in & aboute the due execuc&n of this Our Comyssyon. In Witnesswherof Wee have caused theys our ires to be made Patentf ; WitnessOur self at the day of in the

yeres of Our Reignes.

And It is also enacted, That every suche pson as shalbee named Comissioner in the said Comyssyon, after that hee shall have knowledge therof, shall effectually put his dyligence & attendance in & aboute thexecucon of the said Comission : And hee shall take a Corporall Othe, before the Lorde Chancello' or before suche to whom the saide Lorde Chancellour shall direct the Kings Writt of Dedimus Polestatem to take the same, Or before the Justices of the Peace in the Quarter Sessyons holden in the Shire wher suche Comission shalbee directed, The tenor of wrt Othe hereafter ensuethe: Yee shall sweare that yo to yor cuning witt & power shall truly & indifferently execute thaucthorite to yo gyven by this C5mission, w,hout any favour affeccon corruption dreade or malice to bee borne to any maner pson or psones; and as the case shall require yo shall consent & endevour yo' self for yo’ parte, to the best of yo' knowledge & power, to the making of suche holesome just equall & indifferent Lawes & Ordinances as shall be made & dyvised by the most discrete & indifferent nomber of yo' fellowes being in Comyssion wlh yo, for the makyng erecc&n and preservation of all and every suche thinges as arre conteyned and specyfied in the said Comyssyon : And the same Lawes and Ordynances to yo1 cuning wytt and power cause to bee putt in due execution w"'out favoure meede dreade malice or affeccon: as God yo helpe and all Sayntes.

And over that Be it enacted, That the Comyssioners hereafter to bee named in any of the said Comissions, according to the purporte & effecte of the same Comissions, shall have full power & aucthorite to make constitute & ordeine Ordinances Lawes & Decrees concerning the premisses, and further to doo all & every thing mentioned in the said Comission according to the purporte effecte woordes and true meaning of the same; and the same Lawes Decrees and Ordynances so made to refo'me repell and amende and make newe from tyme to tyme, as the cases necessarye shall requyre.

Provided alway and bee yt enacted, That yf any pson or psons being assessed or taxed to any lott taxe or charge for any landes tenementes or hereditamentes w,hin the limites of any Comission hereafter to bee directed by vertue of this Acte, doo not paye the said lott taxe and chardge according to the Ordynance & Assignement of the Comissioners having power of thexecucon of the said Comyssion, by reason wherof yt shall happen the said Comissioners having power of thexecucon of suche Comyssion, for lack of payment of suche lott taxe & chardge to decree & ordayne the same landes tenementes & hereditamentf from the Owner or Owners therof, and their heyres &c theyres execut and assignes of every of them, to any pson or psons for terme of yeres terme of lyes in fee simple or fee tayle, for paymentes of the same lott taxe & charde; That then every suche Decree & Ordinance so by them made ingrossed in parchement and certefied under their Seales into the Courte of Chancery, w* the Kings or the Quenes her heires or successoures Royall Assent hadd to the same, shall bynde all & every pson & psons that at the making of the same Decree had any right and interest in the same, theyr heires and successours for ever.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted, That no Order or Decree to bee made by the said Comissionlz or any of them, shall bynde or conclude any right or interest of any pson or psons, nor the breache of any Decree or Order shalbee cause of forfeiture of the Right or Interest of any pson or psons. Except the same Decree & Ordinance so made by the said Comissioners & syxe of them, wherof A. B. C. shalbee three, bee ingrossed in pchement and certefied under theyr seales into the Courte of Chancerie, and that the Royall Assent of the Kyng & Quene her heyres [ & ’ ] successoures bee fyrst hadd to the same.

Provided also and bee yt enacted, That every Decree & Ordynance so had made certefied & assented unto, shall bynde all & every pson & psons that at the making of the same Decree hadd any interest in the lands teiitf or hereditamentf so decreed, in use possession revertion or remainder, their Heires & Feoffees and every of them; and not to bee in any wise refourmed Onles it be by aucthoritee of Pliament hereafter to bee sumoned & holden wlhin this Realme.

II.

Oath of the Commissioners.

in.

Commissioners may make Bye-Laws, Stc.

IV.

Decrees of Commissioners, certified into Chancery, See. with the Royal Assent, shall bind all Persons.

V.

No Decree shall bind unless so certified, Sec.

VI.

Such Decrees shall not be altered, except by Parliament

1 or

0.

Go

268

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 1

A.D. 1555.

General Saving.

VII.

Such Decreet shall extend to the Crown Lands.

VIII. Penalty on Commissioner! siting without being sworn or qualified.

Persons sued under this Act may avow or justify generally, and shall have Treble Damages and Costs.

IX.

Allowances to Commissioners and Clerks, See.

X.

Appointment of Commissioners within the Duchy of Lancaster.

XI. No Fees on Commissions.

XII. Commissions shall continue for Seven Years, unless suspended.

Saving to all & every pson & psons Bodies Politike & Corporate theyr heires & successo" (other then suche as .shall forfaite by this Estatute their interest in the same landes tenementes or hereditamentes in possession revertion or remaynder) All suche (') interest and tytle as they or any of them shall have at the tyme of the same forfeitures.

And also it is provided by aucthoritee aforesaid, That the same Lawes Ordinances & Decrees, to bee made & ordeyned by the sayd Comissioners or syxe of them by aucthoritee of the said Comission, shall bynde as well the landes tenementf & hereditamentes of the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye her heires & successoures, as all & every other pson & psons and theyre heyres, for suche their interest as they shall fortune to have or may have in any landes tefitf or hereditamentes or other casuall profitt advauntage or comoditie whatsoever they bee, wherunto the said Lawes Ordinances and Decrees shall in any wise extende, according to the true purporte meaning & intent of the same Lawes.

And yt is furthermore by thaucthoritee aforesayd established & enacted, That yf any maner pson or psons, of what estate or degree soever he or they bee, that from hensforthe dothe take upon him or them to sitt by vertue of any of the said Cdmissions, not beyng before swome in fourme as ys aforesaid, and according to the teno' of the Othe afore specified; Or yf any pson so named & sworne doo sitt as ys aforesayd, dwellyng wlhin the sayd twentye miles, or not having Lands [or*] Tefitf or other Hereditamentf in fee symple fee tayle or for terme of lyes to the clere yerely value of fourty poundes above all chardges to his own use, Except he bee learned in the Lawes of this Realme, that ys to saye, admitted in one of the foure principall Innes of Court for an Utter Barrester, and not dwelling w,hin the said xx. miles, shall forfaite xlti. for every time that he shall attempte so to doo; thone halfe therof to bee to our Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye the King & the Quene her heires & successoures, thother half therof to thuse of him or them that will sue therfore by Action of Debte Byll Playnte or Information in any of* the Quenes Courtes, in wch Actyon or Suite no Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted, nor any Essoigne or Protection shalbee allowed; And yf any Action of Trespas or other Suyt shall happen to bee attempted against any pson or psons for taking of any Distres or any other Acte doing by aucthoritee of the said Comission, or by aucthorite of any Lawes or Ordinances made by vertue of the said Comission, the Defendant or Defendames in any suche Action shall & may make Avowrye Conisance or Justification for the taking of the same Distres or other Acte doyng touching the premisses, or any of them, alleging in such Avowry Conisance or Justification, that the said Distres Trespas or other Acte, wherof the Plaintif complaynethe, was done by aucthoritee of the Comission for the surveyeng of the Counties of Northumberlande, Cumberlande, Westmerlande, and the Bishoprick of Durham, made & provided, or for suche A&e [ & ’ ] cause as the said Defendant dyd by aucthoritee of the said Comission, and according to the teno' purporte & effecte of this pnte Acte, made the seconde and thirde yercs of the reigne of our Sovereigne Lorde & Lady Kyng Philip and Quene Marye; w,hout any expressing or rehersall of any other matter or circumstance conteyned in this pnte Acte, or any Comission Lawes Statutes or Ordinances therupon to bee made; wherupon the Playntyf shalbee admitted to replye, that the Defendant dyd take the sayd Dystres, or doo any other Acte or Trespas supposed in his Declarae&n, of his owne wrong wlhout any suche cause alledged by the sayd Defendant; wherupon thyssue in every suche Action shalbee joyned, to bee tried by verdite of twelve men, and [none4] otherwise, as ys accustomyd in other psonall Actions, and upon the triall of that yssue, those matter to bee given on bothe pties in Evidence, according to the verye truthe of the same : And after suche Issue tryed for the Defendant, or Nonsuit of the Playntif after appearance, the same Defendant to recover treble Damages by reason of his wrongfull vexacon in that behalf, wu‘ his Costes also in that parte susteyned, and that to be assessed by the same Jurie or Wriu tenquire of Damages as the cause shall requyre.

And yt ys also enacted, That every of the sayd Comissioners shall have & pceyve iiij s. for every day that they shal take payne in thexecucon of this Comission, and one Clarcke by them to bee assigned ij s. for every day, of the Rates Taxes Lottes & Somes of Money that shalbee assessed or lost by aucthoritie of the said Commission, and to bee levyed & payd by their discretyons: And that the sayd Comissioners, or syxe of them, shall have power & aucthoritie to limyt & assigne such reasonable somes of money to the said Clarck for writing of Bookes 6c Proces concerning the premisses, and to the Collectours Expenditours & suche other as shall take payne in the due execution of the said Comission, the same to bee levyed by Distres or otherwise out of the Landes so surveyed, as by the discretions of the sayd Comissioners or syxe of them, whereof A. B. C. to be three, shalbee thought reasonable.

Provided alway. That whensoever Sc as often as suche Comission as is afore limyted shalbee made & directed to any pson or psons for [thinformaaiu J] & amendement of or in any of the premisses specified in the said Chmission, w,hin the fees liberties or possession of the Duchye of Lancastree, That then such Comissioners as shall execute any suche Chmission shalbee alwayes named & appointed as ys abovesaid; and that in every suche case, twoo Chmissions shalbee awarded and made according to the teno' of the Chmission above expressed, One therof under the Greate Seale of Englande, and thother under the Seale of the same Duchye, as before tyme hathe been accustomed; Any thing afore rehearsed in this pnte Acte to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

And yt ys further enacted, That the sayd Cornyssiofi from tyme to tyme as the case shall requyre, shalbee had 8c obteyned \v,hout any moneye or other chardge to bee payde for the seales or writing of the same.

And yt ys further enacted, That every Chmission to bee made by aucthoritee of this Acte shall endure & continue for the tearme of seven yeres next after the Test of the Chmission: Nevertheles after any Chmission made and delyverd out of the Courte of Chancerye the Kyng & Quenes Highnesses, & theires & successours of the Quene, shall always at theyr pleasures by Writt of Supersedias out of the said Courte of Chancerye, at any tyme dischardge aswell every suche Chmission as every Chmissioner that shalbe made or named by aucthoritee of this Acte, after w,h dischardge the said Comissioners so discharged shall have no power nor aucthoritee to proceede in thexecuc&n of their Comyssion nor in any thing by aucthoritee of this Acte.

1 right 0. - jiuI O.

or 0.

1 not 0.

1 the lefbrmacon O.

t

A.D. 1555,

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 1, 2.

269

s

V

«*

li

k

n

n

i

i

k

i

i

i

i

Provided always, that whensoever & as often as suche Comission as is afore lymited shalbee made & directed to A XtIII-t f any pson or peons for the reformacbn & amen dement of or in any of the premisses specyfied in the said Comission, w^in Comm!«.iontri the fees lyberties & possessions of the Bishoprick of Durham, or Win the fees liberties 8c possessions of any other place ,n Durhim> *c-wher ther ys libertie & jurisdiccbn of Countie Palentyne, That in every suche case twoo Comissions shall bee awarded 8c made according to the tenor of the Comission above expressed. One therof under the Greate Seale of Englande and thother under the Seale of the Countye Palentyne in maner 8c fourme as ys above provided for the Duchye of Lancaster,

Any thing afore rehersed in this pnte Acte to the contrary notwithestanding: And Nevtttheles bee it enacted, That yf thofficers of the said Duchye, or of the said Bishopriche or Countie Palentine, do not deliver the Comission by them or one of them to bee made, wUlin syxe dayes after the request shalbee made for the same, that then the Comission under the Greate Seale onely, shall procede in the said Countie Palentine w,hout any other Comission.

And yt ys provided and also enacted, That the Royall Assent, lymitted to bee had unto the Lawes 8c Ordinances to j^ojt^Atieai to bee made by the sayd Comissioners as ys abovesayd, shalbee certefied into the said Courte of Chancerye under the Bye-Laws, ate. Pryvie Seale, and that ther shall not any some of money bee payde for the same Privie Seale.

Provided alwais That the Chancello", 8c such other as shall have the Custodie of the Seales of the said Bishopriche CommiMion undfr of Durham or w^n the fees liberties & possessions of any other place where ther is libertie 8t jurisdice&n of the Grew Seal shall Countie Palentine, upon reasonable request 8c upon the sight of the Comission under the great Seale of Englande, shall offiwof tC wu,out deley make out an other Comission under the Seale of the said Countie Palentine, according to the teno' of the Duchy, kc. Comission to them shewed under the Greate Seale and to those Comissioners named in the same C5mission, and to none other nor in other maner.

And Bee it further enacted 8c established by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That all chardges 8c somes of to bee rated & taxed by vertue of suche Comission, upon any of the landes tents or hereditamentes of o' the Quene her heires or successors, for any maner of thing or thinges concerning tharticles of this Comission, shalbee gathered 8c levyed by distres or otherwise, in lyke maner 8c forme as shall or may bee done in the landes tenementf 8c hereditamentes of any other pson or psons; and that all bylies of acquitance, signed w,h thande or handes of such Collecto' or Receivo' as shall have the colleccon therof by thappointment of the said Comissioners or sixe of them, shalbee aswell a sufficient dischardge to the Tenauntes Fermors and Occupiors of the same Groundes, so to bee chardged for the sayd some wherwithe theyr groundes shalbee so chardged, as also a sufficient Warrante to all 8c every the Receyvours Audito" and other whatsoever Officer or Officers of our said Sovereigne Lorde 8c Ladye the King 8c Queene her heires 8c successoures, for thallowance to suche Tenante Fermo' or Occupyor of the same.

Provided also and bee yt enacted, That the sayd Comissioners shall not let nor sett any pte or pcell of the CommuZ>ner» shall premisses, nor shall not medle w,u the rating renting or valueng of any pte or pcell of the premisses, but the same not le» Land*, kc. shall remayne 8c bee at the disposic&n of the Lordes 8c Owners of the same, as they were before the making of this Forfeiture'*"' ° Acte, Except it bee for the causes of forfeiture above specified; Any thing heretofore mentioned to the contrary notw^standing.

Provided alwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That all yssues 8c forfeitures fines 8c amertiamentes penmjti^ippii«.d wcK shall rise happen 8c growe by any occasion whatsoever, by vertue or collo' of this Acte or any Comission to bee to the Purpose! made by aucthoritie of the same, aswell w,hin [the1] Lyberties 8c Counties [Palentines*] as w,hout, whither they shall seme to bee due to the King 8c Quenes Ma°" her heires 8c successoures, or to any other pson or psons or Bodies Polidke or Corporate, shalbee levyed imployed and converted in 8c aboute the chardges 8c expenses concerning thexecucttn of thys Acte, in suche sorte man! 8c forme as by the said ComissioSs or vj of them, wherof three to be of the Quoru, shalbe ordred adjuged or decreed; Any thing in this Acte or in any Commission aforesaid to the cot*ry notwithstanding.

(*) Provided Alwaies, That this Estatute shall onely continue for tenne yeres next after thende of the Session of this Pliament; and further to thende of the next Fliament then next following.

oi inn nci.

XIX. Continuance of Act, Ten Yean, kc.

money hereafter , xv*-o D . Distresiea in

SoPeygne Ladye Crown Land*.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the Reedyfieng of decayed Houses of Husbandrie, and for thencrease of Tyllage.

WHEREAS by an Estatute made in the fourthe yere of the Reygne of Kyng Henry the Seventhe, It was Recual^of Statute ordeined enacted 8c established. That no pson of what estate degree or condic&n that he were, that then had for maintaining9 any House or Houses, that w^in any time within three yeres then passed had bene or that then were or after shoulde kc

bee letton to ferme w'h twenty Acres of Lande at least or more lyeng in Tillage 8c Husbandrye, that thowner or owners of every suche House or Houses 8c Lande shoulde bee bounde to kepe susteyne 8c mayntayne Houses 8c Buildings upon the sayd Grounde 8c Lande convenient 8c necessarie for [the1] maynteyning 8c upholding of the said Tyllage 8c Housbandrye ; and yf any such Owner or Owners of any such House or Houses 8c Lande dyd take kepe 8c occupie any such House or Houses 8c Lande in his or their owne Handes, that the said Owner or Owners, by the same aucthoritee, should bee bounde in like wise to kepe 8c mayntaine Houses 8c Buildinges upon the said Groundes 8c

• O omits.

- Palatyne O.

* This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Vou IV.

3 Z

L

270

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 2.

A.D. 1555.

Recited Act confirmed.

II.

Act shall extend to Houses with 20 Acres of Land ; according to the Measurement of the ancient Statute; See Vul. I. pa. 206.

in.

Commissioners may be appointed to execute recited Act and Stat.

7 H.VIII. c. i. and to inquire of Warrens newly made;

and to take Security from Offenders by Recognizance, ifcc.j

and to re-edify Houses, and re-convert Land into Tillage, &c.

LanJe convenient & necessarie for the maynteining & upholding of the said Tyllage & Housbandrye; and yf any Man dyd contrary to the premisses, or any of them, that then yt shoulde bee lawfull to the King, (yf any suche Landes or Houses were holden of him immedyatlye,) or to the Lordes of the Fees, yf any suche Landes were holden of them imediatly, to receyve yerely half the value of thissues & profittes of any suche Lands, whereof the House or Houses were not so mainteined or susteined, and the same halfendeale of thissues & profittes to have holde & kepe to his or their own use, wlhout any thyng therfore to bee payde or gyven, to such tyme as the same House or Houses should bee sufficiently builded or repayred agayne: And that no maner of freeholde shoulde bee in the King ne in any suche Lorde or Lordes by the taking of any such Profittes of or in any suche Landes in no maner of fourme, but onely the King and the said Lorde or Lordes shoulde have power to take receyve & have the said Issues & Profittes as is abovesaid, and therfore the King or the said Lorde or Lordes to have power to distreine for the same Yssues & Pfittef to bee had & pceived by them in fourme aforesaid by thauthoritee of the said Acte: As by the said Acte more at large it doeth & may appeare: Forasmuche as the said Acte ys good & profitable to the Comon welthe, It is therfore ordeined, That the said Act & every Branche therin, shalbee from hensforthe put in due execution, & remayn and continue in force for evermore.

And Wheras the Provision in the said Acte dothe onely extende to House or Houses having xx" acres of Lande at least or more, lyeng in Tillage & Husbandrye, upon thinterpretaeftn of w'1' Woordf some Doubt hathe rysen ; Bee It enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliamenr, That the said Estatute & the Penaltie & Purveiance of the same, shall from hensforthe extende to Houses to bee decayed that have or hereafter shall have xx' acres of Grounde or more, to them lyeng or belonging; whether the same or any parte therof bee, hathe been, or shalbee, used or putt in tyllage or not; The said xx" acres to bee accompted & measured after the quantytee rate & measure of the Statute or Ordinance called the Statute Treatise or Ordinance De Terris niensurandis, and not otherwise ; Any Usage or Custome or other Thing whatsoever to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

Ani> for a further pvision for reedifieng of Houses decaied and restoring of Pasture Grounde to Tillage, & for encrease of Come, Bee it ordeyned & enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, that the King and Ouenes Highnes & theires & successours of the Ouenes Malir shall & may at all tymes hereafter, as often as to them shall seeme nedeful & convenient, awarde they re Highnes Comission or Comissions, under the greate Seale of Englande, to bee directed to suche psones as to them shall seeme mete liable & convenient wherof three at the least shalbe of the Quoru, aucthorising them therby or foure of them at the least, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, texecute & see executed this pnte Acte, according to the true entent effect & meaning of the same; the w* Comissioners or foure of them at the least, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, by vertue of the said Comission & of this pnte Acte shall have full power & aucthoritee tenquyre heare & determyne by thothes of xij men, or by Information or other laufull wais and meanes used in other cases, in any of the King & Quenes Highnes Ordinarie Courtes of Recorde, all & angler Defaltes and Offences edmitted or done synce the Feast of S' George the Martyr in the xx,h yere of the reigne of the late King of famous memorye King Henry theight, or hereafter to bee admitted or done, aswell contrary to the teno' & effecte of the said former Acte, as contrary to one other Acte made in the Pliament holden in the seventhe yere of the raigne of the said late King Henry theight, intituled An Acte tavoid letting downe of Townes; and also tenquier heare order & determine by the said wais & meanes, all Groundes whatsoever converted from Tillage to Pasture since the said Feast of S' George the Mariir in the said xx1" yere of the said raigne of the said King Henry theight, or hereafter to bee converted from Tillage to Pasture; And also of all grounde in or nere any come feilde, newly used or imployed sithence the said Feast or hereafter newly to be used imploied or converted to the keping of Conies, not being laufull Warreyn, and wherby any Corne of any pson or psons other then thowner of the same Conies, sithens the said Feast, hathe been or hereafter shalbee decayede distroyed or consumed : And the sayd Comissioners or foure of them, wherof two to be of the Quoru, shall & may take order & direction for the Reformation of suche Offences Decays & Defaultes in maner & fourme following. That ys to saye; they or foure of them at the least, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall & may bynde by Recognisance in good somes of money, to bee knowledged to thuse & behoof of or Sovereigne Lorde the Kyng and or Sovereigne Ladye the Quene her heires & successours, wdl Recognisance by thys Acte they shalbee enhabled to take, the pson or psones first offending Be gyltye in any of thaforesaid Decais or Defaltes, and then beyng or continuyng Owner, in Fee Simple Fee Taile for Tearme of lyes for terme of yeres or by Coppie of Courte Roll in Possession or in Revertion or Remainder after any Estate or Estates for terme of yeres or for terme of lief, of suche decayed House or Houses & Grounde theronto lyeng or of tenne Acres pcell therof, or of suche grounde converted from Tillage to Pasture, Or of suche Grounde wrt ys or shalbee used or imployed to the keping of Connyes as is aforesaid, or any of them, in suche somes of money as to suche Comissioners shall seeme reasonable, for the reedifieng of suche decayed houses, and for the converting of suche grounde so converted from Tillage to Pasture into Tillage againe, and for the diminishing & distroyeng of Conies, w,hin suche convenient tyme & in suche maner and fourme as to the same Comissioners, or foure of them wherof twoo to bee of the Quoru, shall seme mete ft convenient & by their discretions shall bee set limited & appointed; And yf thoffendo' or Offendo" doo dwell in any other Shiere, or cannot be gotten to bee bouden by Recognisance before the said Comissioners as ys aforesaid, That then the said Comissioners or iiijor of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall take suche other Order for the reedifieng of thouses & converting the groundes to Tillage, and destroyeng of Conies, according to this Estatute, as shalbee thought mete by their discretions; and shall cause the same their Order to bee entredd of Recorde wu‘in One Monethe after their said Order made, and shall w"‘in the same Monethe, deliver or cause to bee delivered the Copye of their said Order, signed and sealed by them or iiijor of them, to the Ten"nte Fermor or fv'nte keping residing or inhabiting the grounde or place for the wa‘ thorder shalbe (‘) made, to thintent the same may bee delyvered over or declared to the said Owner or Owners that shall or ought to bee chardged by or wth the same

1 SO O.

Coo

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 2.

271

And yf the place, in w'" any such decayed House or Houses hath been or shalbee scituate, shalbee founde in thandes of any pson or psons other then suche pson or psons as first dyd suffer or make the said decaye, then the said Comissioners or fbure of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall & may order & enjoyne all 8c every pson 8c psons having thimediat 8c pnte inherytance in the said Groundes [& *] Places, wherin any of thaforesaid Decays shalbee founde as ys aforesayd, to reedyfye and builde agayne the same decayed House, eyther in the [same’] place where it was decayd or nere unto the same, w,hin the same Towne Parishe or Hainlett, w,kin suche tyme 8c in suche sorte as to the sayd Comissioners or foure of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall seme reasonable 8c convenient: And shall further assesse 8c taxe all 8c every pson and psons, having any pticuler estate in the said Groundes belonging to any suche House decaied for terme of lyes yeares or by Copye of Courte Roll, to bee contrybutorye towardes the said reedificaQSn 8c building, in suche some or somcs of money, to bee payde to the foresaid pson having thimediate 8c pnte inheritance and beyng ordred 8c enjoyned to reedifie the same, as to the said Comissioners or iiij* of them, wherof two to be of the Quoru, shall seme mete 8c reasonable ; having respecte 8c regarde to the severall Estate 8c Terntes of all 8c every the said pticuler ten'ntf, 8c to the comodities pfittf and emolument? therto severally 8c respectyvely belonging, and also having respecte to suche coven*ntf grant? agreament? and conditions as bee or shalbee conteyned in any laufull writing, made concerning thestate of any of the psons to bee chardged for the said reedificac&n or for the contribution of any thing towardes the same Freeholde Estate Remaynder or Revertim as ys aforesaid, accordyng to theyr severall [Interest1] Estates Comodities 8c Profittes.

And bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That all 8c every pson 8c psons Bodies Politike 8c Corporate that shall have any Estate or Interest in any of the said Houses Places or Groundes, wherin any of the aforesayd Decays shalbee cSmitted and founde or presented as is beforesaid, from or by any pson or psons so ordred 8c enjoyned as is aforesayd, shalbe chardged and chardgeable, according to his or theyr Estate or Estates Comodities 8c Profittes in the same, in lyke sorte 8c maner as hee or they, from whom or by whom the same Estate or Estates shalbee by any meanes dery ved or conveyed, shoulde or ought to have bene by force of the sayd Comaundement 8c Injunction; and also that the pson or psons that shall bee appointed or chardged, by the sayd Orders and Injunctions or by this Estatute, to reedifie any of the decayed Houses beforesaid, and to have any contribution rate or some of money or other thing of any others toward? the same, shall 8c may by vertue hereof have one Action of Debte for the same against the ptie or pties appointed to pay the same, and against their heires executours or assignes, in any of the King 8c Quenes Ma"* Ordinary Court? of Recorde, or shall sue for the same by information before the said Comissioners or foure of them, wherof two to bee of the Q°ru: In w* Suite no Injunction Wager of Lawe Proteccion nor Essoine shalbee allowed for the Defendant; And yf any ptie or pties, that shoulde or ought to paye or gyve any some of money or other thing in contribution as is aforesayd, shall upon a reasonable Request therof to bee made wilfully refuse or deleye to paye or give the same, that then the Plaintif upon his Sute to have 8c recover Treble Damages against the sayd Defendante.

And further bee yt enacted, That yf the sayd Grounde or Groundes, so converted from Tillage to Pasture or used or employed to the keping of Conies to the distruccion of Come as is abovesaid, shalbee founde in thandf or possessyon of any pson or psons, other then suche as dyd convene the said Groundes from Tillage to Pasture or use or employ the said Groundes w,k Conies as ys aforesaid, that then the said Comissioners or iiij"' of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall 8c may order 8c enjoyne thoccupiours of the said Grounde or Groundes, so converted from Tillage to Pasture or so used or employed to the keping of Conies as ys aforesaid, to turne the same agayne into Tillage, or to destroy or diminishe the said Conies kept upon the same Grounde, w*in suche time 8c upon suche paynes as by them shalbee limited 8c appointed.

And Bee yt funher enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That every suche Order 8c Injunction above mentioned shalbee entred of Recorde, and the Copie therof writton in Pchement, 8c signed 8c sealed by the said Comissioners or iiij°' of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, 8c delyvered to the Occupiour or Occupiours of the Grounde or Place wherin any of the forsaid Offenses Decayes or Defaultes shalbee founde as ys [beforesayd,4] to thintent the same may be delyvered over or declared to all suche other psons as shall or ought to bee bounden or chardged by the same.

And further Bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the said Comissioners or iiij* of them, wherof two to be of the Quoru, shall 8c may have power 8c aucthoritee by force of the said Comission 8c of this Acte to comit every pson refusing to bee bounde by Recognisance as is aforesaid, and every the sayd pticler Ten"ntf (refusing to declare to the said Commissioners or iiij* of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, howe long or what his said pticuler Estate is) to pryson into the next Gaole in the said Countie, there to remayne w'hout Bayle or Maynprise untill he shalbee bounde in Recognisance as ys aforesaid, or shew or declare his or theyr pticuler Estate or Estates in the premysses to the said Comissioners or foure of them, wherof twoo to bee of the Quoru as ys aforesaid.

And Bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Sherieffes 8c all other Mynisters w,hyn the Couties where suche [Session*] shalbee appointed, shall bee attendant upon the said Comissioners, and shall retume before them all such Proces Sc Preceptes as they shall have in comaundement to doo, and bee obedient unto them as they ar [bounde*] to bee to the Justices of Peace or of Oyer 8c Determiner, at all times 8c places for thexecucon of the said Comission 8c of this Acte; and the [said*] Comissioners or iiij* of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall have power and aucthorite tenquier heare 8c determyne as is [aforesaid,*] of for 8c upon all Forfeitures Recognisances 8c Breaches of

■ or 0. • scid O. 5 Interest? O. 4 aforescid 0.

■- Sessyons 0. • bounden 0. same O. • beforeseid O.

and to assess

Tenants roe Life, &c. towards Repairs, Jtc

IV.

How Assessments shall be rated and recosered.

V.

Occupiers shall be liable to Orders of Commissioners.

VI.

Orders shall be recorded, and delisered to Occupiers.

VII. Commissioners may commit Persons refusing to gise Security, Sc.

VIII.

Sheriffs shall return all Process of Commissioners, ire.

A.D. 1555

272

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.2.

IX. Allowances to Commissioners and Clerks.

X.

Saving for former Statutes, Liberties, Licences, See.

XL Commissioners may mitigate the Execution of this Act where needful.

XII. Rents may be abated on Lands converted to Tillage in certain Cases.

Orders 8c Injunctions, that shalbee taken knowledged or made before the said Comissioners or iiij" of them, and tassesse suche Fynes 8c Amertiamentes as to them shall seme mete 8c convenient upon the Sherif & [othe1] Officers 8c psons whatsoever making Defaulte, 8c for Contemptes and other Misdemeanors before them; and shall have aucthorite to refourme all Impanelles to bee returned before them as the Justices of Peace maye doo.

And further Bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That every of the Comissioners shall have for every day hee shall sift texecute this Comission x s. and to the Clerck that shall serve 8c write all Proces 8c other Recordes before the said Comissioners for every day he shall attende upon the said Comissioners iij s. iiij d. the same to bee payde by the Sheriff or Clerck of the Courte, of the Fines Forfeitures 8c Amertiamentes that shall arise or bee cessed for any matter or Defaulte before the said ComissioSz, 8c the Sherif to bee allowed upon his Accompt for the same, so that the same be noted and specified in thestreat signed by the said ComissioSs or iiij" of them, wherof two to be of the Quorum.

Provided always and bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the said Comissioners ,or any of them, by vertue of this Acte shall not have power or aucthoritee to doo any thing touching thoffences or defaultes aforesaid, contrary to thordinance or purveyance of any Statute heretofore made, or to thexclusion or taking away of any Benefitte or Lybertie pmitted or saved to any maner of pson by any provision in any of the said Statutes, or contrary to theffect of any licence heretofore granted by the King 8c Quenes Highnes or the Quenes Highnes or any of thancesto" or predecesso" of the Quenes Highnes, so that the same licence be shewed to them, or iiij0' of them under Seale, before covice&n of the Offence or Defaultes aforesaid : Any thing aforesaid to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

And Forasmuch as yt is lyke to bee that some houses having twentye acres of grounde or more to them lyeng or belonging bee decaied, w^out any willing default in them that had thenheritance or possession therof, as by fyer Breaches 8c surrounding of Waters, or by destruccfin of Enemies or Rebelles, or of suche as had pticuler Estates therin w"’out impeachment of Wast, or by suche other like meanes or ways, 8c that they who by thordinance aforesaid shoude reedyfie the same, arre of suche povertie that they cannot by all entendement reedifie or builde upp all the same Houses againe: And Forasmuche also as some pchance have erecte 8c buylded up newe Houses in some other places upon the same Landes lyeng to the said Houses, or upon some other Lande nere theronto, in lieu 8c place of the Houses decayed, wdl are as available to the Comon Wealthe as the newe reedifieng of the decayed Houses in tholde places shoulde bee, in wch cases Equitye requirethe they shoulde not bee punished for the said decaye: And Forasmuche as it ys like to bee that some Grounde converted from Tillage into Pasture ys devided into divers small pcelles, remayning 8c being in divers 8c severall Mens handes, so that any one part will not bee sufficient to kepe a Plowghe upon; and for that some Groundes have beene tilled for destroieng of Mosse Bushes Brome Firres Heathe and not onely to bee continued in Tillage 8c suche lyke; and that also some Demesnes in the absence of thowners have bene devided to sundry Occupiours who have tilled the same, not being comonly used to Tillage before the said Feast of S' George; and for that dyvers other pticuler cases may fortune to bee, wcb the generall Purveiance of this Estatute cannot remedye w,hout greater hurte then good to bee doone by the same; And for that also in some places of this Realme, yt ys not necessarye the purvey of this Estatute textende & to bee fully executed, but in some places 8c upon some occasions or causes yt may more conveniently bee spared then put in Ure, and ys therfore necessarie to referre suche thinges w*h all other Circumstances to the discretions of the Commissioners, who may more pfectly understande the same : Be it therfore Ordeyned 8c Enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam', That the said ComissioSz or iiij" of them at the least, whereof two to bee of the Quorii, shall 8c may consider the said cases 8c suche other like, and use theyr discretions in temporing 8c qualifieng of the sayd generall Purveyance of this or ([of any*] thaforsaid forfi Statutes, and in ordering the said Cases 8c suche other like; and to omitt thexecution 8c penaltie of this Acte 8c of thother former Actes accordingly, as to the wisedomes 8c discretions of them or iiij" of them at the least ('), this Acte or thaforesaid former Actes in any wise notwithstanding j and shall have power 8e aucthoritee to cancell Recognisances taken before them, 8c not aper ng to them forfeyted, yf yt shall seme to them or iiij" of them, wherof twoo to be of the Quorum, meete 8c convenient.

And yt ys further ordred 8c enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam1, That whereas any Grounde by meanes of this Acte shall fortune hereafter to bee converted from pasture into tillage, according to thintent of this Acte, wrh grounde ys chargeable w"‘ any rent reserved since the time the same grounde was converted from tillage to pasture, and wrt was reserved 8c made the greater in considersc&n that the same was so converted from tillage into pasture or stored w01 Conies, that all suche Rents (if they bee greater then the grounde turned into Tillage or the grounde by reason of the destrucc6n of Conies is worthe,) shall bee abated 8c apportioned by the said Comissioners or iiij" of them, wherof twoo to be of the Quorum, according to theyr discretions if they shall thinck the same so meete: Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, that the reteyning or non payment of any suche pte or portion of any Rents, that shalbee abated or deducted by the Comissioners as is aforesaid, shalbee no breache or forfeiture of any Bonde Penaltie Coven*nte Grante or Condi con to bee conteyned in any Indenture Bonde Obligatorie or other Writing Agreament or Promise whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.

Commissioners

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That the said Comissioners or iiij»r of them, wherof two to bee msr issue Precepts, of the Quoru, shall have power 8c aucthoritee by vertue hereof, to make and directe for the preceptf 8e processes, aswell an Processes. to the Sheriff of the Countie as to all other freeholders 8c psons that ought tattende or appeare before the sayd

1 other O.

* any of 0.

' 5 wherof two to be of the Quorum, shall be thought most necessarye 0.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 2.

273

ti

i

ft

»!

n

tx

I

M

fi> fe a

!*

IE

ik

ii

fc

if

0

If

K

0

r*

i/'

0

I*

t*

f*

V

Comissioners for the triall answering or proving of any Offence against this Estatute, or against any of the aforesaid former Estatutes, tappeare before them at any daye 8c tyme'that the said Cdmissioners or foure of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru shall limit or appointe, and upon thappearance of the sayd psons, to give daye over from tyme to tyme as they shall thincke meete.

And Bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That yf any suche p6on or psons as pntly have or hereafter shall have any Houses builded or reedefied or to bee reedified, or any groundes to bee converted to Tillage, according to the tenor 8c effecte of this Estatute, or of any of thaforesaid Estatutes, that then the said peon or p6ons their heires or assignes shall wlkin three yeeres next after thende of this Session of this Pliament, dimise or letto ferme thouses alreadye buylded or reedified w* the twentye acres of grounde, w* before tyme dyd appertayne 8c lye to the same, or tenne acres pcell therof, yf there bee nowe no more of the same landes in their handes that hathe the howses builded or reedified or ought to reedifie the same, or w*" so muche other landes lyeng convenient for the sayd house, and shall dimise [8c'] letto ferme thhouses hereafter to bee reedified w^yn two yeeres after the same shalbee so reedified w* the twentye acres of lande, or the tenne acres pcell therof, or the like nomber of acres as ys beforesaid : And yf any of the sayd Houses 8c Landes shall not bee so dimised or letton to ferme as ys aforesaid, that then the sayde ComissioSz or iiij0' of them at the least, whereof two to bee of the Quoru, shall have power 8c aucthorite by vertue of this Acte to dimise 8c let the said house 8c [lande *] to any pson or psons, having no other Ferme or Tentes w,hin the same pishe, nor having any accftn or suit at that [Pliam' *] against thowner, 8c requiring the same for seven yeres at the most, for suche reasonable rent 8c upon suche reasonable coven*ntes as the said Cdmissioners shall thinck meete for bothe pties ; so that they take good assurance for the payment of the Rents 8c pfourming of Coven*ntes, to thowner of the same, as they shall thinck convenient, upon w* Lease thowners of thouse 8c landes so letton, their Executo" 8c Assignes, 8c every of them for the time being, 8c also every such Lessee their Executo" [8c'] Assignes 8c every of them, shall have such remedy 8e accons thone against thother as they shoulde or might have had yf they themselves had onely been pryvie 8c pries to the sayd Leasses

And Be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons shalbee condempned or chardged w'" or for any Offence that he or they ought not to bee chardged w,hall by this Acte or by any of thaforesaid former Estatutf, that (*) the said prie 8c pties shall 8c may have his or theyr Travers 8c Remedye therfore in the Sterre Chamber before the Councell ther.

And Bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Statute shall at the pleasures of the King 8c Quenes Mall" her heires 8e successours, bee put in execuc&n either by Comissioners to bee appointed according to tenour of this Acte, or elles by the Comissioners to be appoynted by their Majesties for thexecucon of certayne Statutes therof made in this Session of this pnte Pliament.

Provided Always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall extende to any House or Buyldyng made or to bee made by any Ten*ntes in dower or other pticuler Ten*nte, w'^out thassent of him or them in Revertion or Remaynder of Estate of Inheritance, unles the same House or Building bee or shalbee made 8c erected, according to thintent 8c purvey of this Estatute; Any thing in this Estatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons shalbee convicted or condempned of or for any Offence or Forfeyture of any Recognisance or other matter conteyned 8c specyfied in this Acte, upon any Informacdn at the suite of any ptie or pties, that then thone moytie of all suche forfeitures 8c sdmes of money as shalbee due for thoffence or forfeiture conteyned in thinformac&n, shalbee to the ptie or pties that shall exhibite and prosecute the same; Any thing in this Acte or in any of thaforesaid Actes to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That the said Comissioners, or foure of them at the least, wherof two of them to bee of the Quorii, shall inroll or cause to be inrolled of Recorde, all suche Orders Provisions Paynes Penalties Forfeitures Fynes Amerciamentes Condempnacons 8c Convictions as shalbee had made sett taxed lost or forfeited by reason or occasion of any matter or thing conteyned in this Acte or in any of thaforesaid former Actes, and the same Recordes to bee well observed 8c kepte in suche sorte 8c order as the said Cdmissioners or iiij" of them, wherof two of them to bee of the Quoru shall thinck meete and convenient.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the said Comissioners or iiij" of them at the least, shall by vertue hereof, have aucthoritee to make [or1] cause to bee made Proces for the levieng of all suche Amerciamentes Fines Sdmes of Money 8c Forfeitures that shalbee due to bee payde by reason of any pntment Judgement Recognisance Injunction Order Assessement Default or other Matter whatsoever had made given or done according to the purporte 8c interne of this Estatute, as Justices of Peace may doo for any Fines or Forfeitures before them: And the said Comissioners or foure of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, shall yerely at the feast of S’ Mighell tharchangell, make or cause to be made Estreates indented of all suche Forfeitures Penalties Fines Amerciamentes 8c sdmes of Mqney as shalbee due in the yere next before the said Feast, upon the Forfeiture of any Recognisance, or for any of the causes or offences abovesaid, the same Estreates to bee subscribed 8c sealed by the said Cdmissioners or iiij" of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru ; thone pte therof to bee sent into the Courte of Exchequer at Westmister, w«*in fourty dayes after Mighelmas, and the other pte therof to bee delyvered to the Sheriff of the Shire, wcl* shalbee a sufficient warrante to him 8c his deputie to levie the same in suche sorte as he ought or may levie the sdmes conteyned in thestretes to the [Sheriffes6] directed for the of the Courte of Exchequer, and the Sherif to [dischardge7] therw* (') his Accompte.

1 or O. * lands 0. 1 pnt O. * then O. * and O.

• Sheriff 0. ’ be charged 0. • in 0.

XIV.

How House* re-edified shall be let with Twenty Acre* of Land, See.

XV. Offence* may be traveraed in the Star Chamber.

XVI. Act may be executed by Commissioner* under Chap. I. of thi* Setsion.

XVII.

Proviso for Tenants in Dower, ice.

XVIII. Moiety of Penalties to the Party suing.

XIX.

All Orders, &c. shall be recorded.

XX. Commissioner* shall levy Fines, and send Estreats thereof into the Exchequer.

274

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 2, 3.

A.D. 1555.

XXI. Only one Fine for one Offence.

XXII. Fees to Clerks.

XXIII. Proviso for Pasture of domestic Cattle.

XXIV. Proviso for Manor Houses. Gardens, Sec.

XXV.

Penalty on converting Tillage Ground into Pasture,

56. per Acre.

Continuance of Act.

And Bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any Offender shall ons bee condempned and pay his Fine or Forfeiture for any of thoffences aforesaid, in any Courte before any Justices or Comissioner having aucthoritee for that purpose, that then the sayd Offendo' or Offendo" shall not eftesones bee chardged agayne for that offence beyng passed, but shall & may pleade his former payment in barre therof.

And Bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That the Clarck or Clarckes that shall write the Matters and Recordes before the said Comissioners, shall take (1 ) thentrye of Please & other his doynges, suche Fees & none other as shalbee appoynted by the sayd Comissioners or foure of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, and writton in a Table that shall be fyxed openly in the place where the Sessions shalbee kepte, upon payne that the said Clarcke so offending, shill lose & forfait to the ptie gryeved treble the value of yl w* was so taken, & hee or they y' shall embesell any Recognisance or Recorde, shall for every suche Offence lose & forfait v. fi. & bee comitted to pryson untill he shall paye the said s5me of v. ti. & also make such other recopence & satisfacciSn as the said Comissioners or foure of them, wherof twoo to bee of the Quoru, shall thincke convenient.

Provided always and bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall extende to chardge any pson or psons that shall kepe any grounde in pasture for the keping of his or their owne Horses Kyne or other Cattell for thonely victuall to bee spent in his or their House or Houses.

And Bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall in any wise extende to Reedifie any chief Mano' Place, nor any other Houses or Buildinges, but suche as shalbee meet He convenient for the Fermo" or Tenantes of any other Fermeholdes or Tenantf for the maynten*nce of the Groundes that bee or shalbe assigned or layed to bee occupyd w,h the said Houses builded & to bee builded according to thintent of this Estatute, by the discretion of the said ComissioSz or iiij°' of them, wherof two to bee of the Quoru, nor shall extende to converte to tillage any gronde not exceading fyve acres, w* ys or shalbee used & enclosed for any gardayn ortyarde hopyarde rapesede or for conies, for thonely provision of any Mans house, and to bee spent in the same, and not being hurtfull to the Come of any pson or psons other then thownerS of the said Conies, so that the said Gardeyne Orcharde Hopyarde or Conygarthe shall lye adjoyning or nighe w'‘'in one mile to the dwelling House of thowner therof, nor shall extende to convert anye grounde to tillage, w* is or shall bee left untilled, and not sowen w"1 Come by reason of thevilnes barenes or barreines of the same, untill suche tyme as the said grounde shalbee apte & meete for tillage, and to beare Come agayne, as by the sayd Comissioners or foure of them, whereof two to be of the Quoru, shalbee thought convenient. This Estatute or any other Estatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons at any time after the Session of this pnte Pliam', shall convert or tume to Pasture any Grounde nowe being eareable & kepte most comonly in Tillage for the space of twentye yeres last past before the Session of this pnte Pliam1, and shall not eare & breake up to Tillage as muche other Grounde, nowe being Pasture w’'"in the sayd Lordeshippe or Pishe where the said Grounde so converted dothe lie, wlhin one yere next after any suche converc&n, and shall not kepe the said newe eared Grounde continuallye in Tillage after any suche converc&n, onles that for barreiies therof hee or they shall converte the same to Pasture upon the like order of earing, so muche other Grounde being Pasture w,hyn the sayd Lordeshippe where such converc&n shall bee made, shall lose & forfeite for every acre converted into Pasture contrary to the forme of this Acte yerely v s. the one half therof to the King & Quenes Ma"" and thother to him or them that will sue for the same by Bill Plaint or Inforinacon in any Court of Recorde, wherin no Essoine Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbee allowed for the Defendant; This Acte tendure to the last daye of the next Parliament.

For the Increase of Milch Cattle

One Milch Cow shall be kept, and one Calf reared, for every 60 Sheep and io Oxen, Sec.

CHAPTER HI.

An Acte for the kepyng of Milche Kyne and for the breadyng and rearing of Calves.

FORASMUCH as of late yeres a greate nomber of psons w'"in this Realme have layde theyr Landes Fennes &e Pastures to feeding of Sheepe Oxen Runtes Schrubbes Steeres & Heckfers, and suche other lyke Cattell, having no regarde or care to brede & reare up yonge Beastes & Catell, wherby ys growen great scarsitee of Catell & Victuall necessarie for the sustenance of divers sortes of People w^in this Realme, and more ys lyke to bee, yf spedye Remedy bee not provided : It is therfore by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam' enacted, That every pson wcl1 from the feast of the Purificac&n of o' Ladye next ensuing, shall kepe or fede above the nomber of syxe score shere Shepe for the most pte of the yere, upon his or their severall Pastures Landes Feedinges or Fermes apte or meete for Milche Kyne, and wherein [none other pson hathe at the making of this pnte Act Comon for any Cattell of any tyme of the yere, shall by aucthoritee of this Acte, yerely so long as hee kepe or feede the said nomber of syxe score shere Shepe, for every three score shere Shepe so kept or fedd, kepe one Milche Cowe and shall breede & reare up yerely for every sixe score shere Shepe so kepte as ys aforesaid one Calf, upon payne of forfeiture for every monethe that any suche pson shall not for every three score shere Shepe as ys aforesaid, kepe or feede one Milche Cowe, Twentye Shillinges for everye Cowe so not kept; And for lacke of rearing 8t breeding of one Calfe for every syxe score shere Shepe, to forfeite likewise xx s. for every Calf so not reared and fedd; and that ePy pson wch after the foresaid Feast of the Purificac&n of our Ladye, upon his or her severall Pastures as afore ys said, shall kepe or feede above the

1 for 0.

* no 0.

I

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 3, 4.

275

b

i

b

b

nomber of Twentye Oxen Runtes Scrubbes Steeres Heckfers or Kyne, shall by thaucthoritee of this Acte, for every tenne Beastes of the sayd sortes so kept or fedd, kepe and norishe one Milche Kowe and breede reare and weane yerely, & kepe for one whole yere, one Calf for every two Milche Kyne so chardged to bee kepte, upon the severall paynes & forfeitures afore rehearsed, Except the said Calf or Calfes shal chance to dye w,hin the said [yeres,'] w^out covyn or fraude therto added, thone half of wf" sayd forfeitures shalbee to thuse of our said Sovereigne Lorde & Lady the King & Quenes Ma°" & thother half to thuse of the ptie that wu,in one yere after thoffence comitted will sue for the same in any of the King & Quenes Ma,ic* Courtes of Recorde or before the Justices of Peace in the same Sheere where any suche cause of forfeiture shalbee hadd, at the Generali Sessions (who by aucthorite of this Acte shall have power to heare & determine the said Offences) by Bill Informac&n pntement Action of Det or Detinue, in w4 Action or Suite no Essoigne Proteccbn Wager of Lawe or Lycense to the contrary shalbee allowed:

Provided alwaies that this Acte nor any Clause therof shalbee extended to bynde any pson to kepe Milche Kyne, ne yet Except »uch to breede or reare Calves as afore ys expressed, for such Shepe or other Beastes as the same pson shall kepe & feede DomJtf<fUse* to thintent onely to be spent in his or theyr houses w°‘out fraude or covyne: This Acte tendure onely unto thende of Continuance of seven yeres next following the feast of the Purification of our Ladye aforesaid, and from thence to thende of the ct’ 7 *■ Pliament then next following.

I

ii

t

n

U

a

ib

n

B

B

k

t

■ I

h

IB

ki

it

Ik

in

It

id

d

i*

if

d

r*

i!*

I*1

m

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for thextinguishement of the Fyrst Fruites, and touchyng Order and Disposition of the Tenthes of Spirituall and Ecclesiasticall Promotyons and of Rectories, and Parsonagies impropriate remaynyng in the Quenes Majesties Handes.

WHERE at a Parliament holden at Westm the thirde day of November in the xxj yere of the reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight, and upon prorogation ther halden the thirde day of November in the xxvj*h yere of the said late Kyng, for the Maintenance of his Royall Estate then being recognized thonely supreme Hedd in Erthe next & iihediatly under God of the Churche of Englande, It was enacted by thaucthoritee of the said Pliam' that the said Kinge his heires and successoures Kinges of this Realme, shoulde have & enjoy from time to time tendure for ever, of every suche pson & psons wch at any tyme after the first day of Januarye then next coming shoulde be nominated elected prefected presented collated or by any other meanes appointed to have any Archebishopriche Bishopriche Abbey Monasterye Priorie Colledge Hospitall Archdeaconrie Deanry Provostshippe Prebende Parsonage Vicaredge Chanterye free Chappell or other Dignitie Benefice Office or Promotion Spuall within this Realme or elswhere wll"in any of the Kings Dominions, of what Name Nature or Qualiree soever they were, or to or of whose Foundation Patronage or Gifte soever they belonged, the First Fruites Revenues and Profittes for one yere of everie suche Archebyshopriche Bishopriche Abbeye Monasterie Priorie Colledge Hospitall Archedeaconrie Deanrye Provostshippe Prebende Parsonage Vicaredge Chantrye free Chappell or other Dignitie Benefice Office or Promotion Spuall afore named, wheronto any suche pson or psons should after the said first day of Januarye be nominated elected prefected pnted collated or by any other meanes appointed, and that every suche pson and psons before any actuall or reall possession or medling w1" the profittes of any suche Archbishopriche Bishopriche Abbey Monasterye Pryorye Colledge Hospitall Deanrye Provostshippe Prebende Parsonage Vicarege Chanterie free Chappell or other Dignitie Benefice Office or Promotyon Spirituall shoulde satisfie content and paye or compounde or agree to paye to the Kinges use at reasonable days upon goodd suerties the said First Fruites & Profittes for one yere. And where further in the said Pliament, yt was enacted by aucthoritee aforesaid, That the said King his heyres & successours Kinges of this Realme, for more augmentation & maynten'nce of the Royal Estate of thimperiall Crowne and Dignitie of Supreme Hedd, should yerely have take retayne and enjoy united & knitt to his Imperiall Crowne for ever, one yerely rent or pentiOn amouting to the value of the tenthe parte of all the Revenues Rentes Fearmes Tythes Offringes Emolumentes & of all other Profittes aswell called Spuall as Temporal!, then appteyning or belonging, or that from thensforthe shoulde belong to any Archebishopriche Bishopriche Abbey Monastery Priorie Archdeaconrye Deanry Hospitall Colledge House collegiate Prebende Cathedrall Churche Collegiat Churche Conventuall Churche Parsonage Vicarege Chanterie free Chappell or other Benefice or Promotion Spuall of what name nature or qualitye soever they were or bee, wu,in any Dioces of this Realme or in Wales; The said pencon or annuall Rent to bee yerely payde for ever to the said late King his heires & successoures Kinges of this Realme, at the Feast of the Nativite of or Lorde Godd; and that the first paym* therof shoulde begynne at the Feast of the Nativitee of our Lorde God, wch then shoulde bee in the yere of our Lorde God xv C xxxv°, and to bee payde yerely by suche as shoulde bee appointed to have the collection therof by the same Acte, in suche maner & fourme as shoulde after that time bee limited by the said Acte, before the first day of Aprill next folloing after the said Feast of the Nativite of or Lorde : as in the said Acte amongst other things more playnely appearithe: The King and the Quenes most excellent Ma"° for dyvers urgent considerations them their Hono" and Consciences specially moving, Will that yt be Enacted, and therfore bee it enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam*, that all paymentes of the said First Fruytes shall from hensforthe cease & bee clerely extincte & determined for ever; And that aswell all & singler Archebishopriches Bishoppriches & other Benefices Dignities & Promocions Spuall [afore chardged and chardgeable to & wlh the [paymentes *] of the Firste Fruites, as all & every Possesso* Owner & Incumbent of the same & their successoures, shall from & after theight day of Auggust last past, and so from thenceforthe at all

Recital of Statute 26 H.VIII. c. J. granting the First Fruits to the Crown.

$'8. granting Tenths of aff Benefices to the Crown.

Payment of all such First Fruits shall cease in future.

1 yere 0.

3 afforsaid O.

5 paymct 0.

276

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 4.

Not to discharge existing Bonds to the Queen.

III.

Grants of Lands by the Crown to Bishops, &c. on Payment of Rents, in the Name of Tenths;

Release by the Crown of the Tenths and Rents, for the Purposes after mentioned.

times for ever bee clerely exonerate acquited 8c dischardged, against or said Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye and ageynste theyres and successoures of our sayd Sovereigne Ladye, of & from the payment and paymentes of all & every of the saide First Fruytes, in as ample & large maner & fourme as they were before the making of the said Acte, and as thoughe the same Acte had never been hadd ne made.

Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not in any wise extende textinguishe or dischardge any Recognisance or other Bonde obligatorie, or any paine penaltie debte or forfeiture, had made or due to the Quenes Highnes her heires 8c successoures at any tyme before the said eight daye of August last past, for 8c concerning the said First Fruytes.

And wheras since the said xx^'1* yere of the said late King Henry theight his Ma'" & the late King Edwarde the Syxte, and o' sayd Sovereigne Lorde 8c Ladye the King 8c the Quenes Ma"" or any of them, have before this tyme by their severall and sundry Ires patentes, gyven grauted & assured aswell unto sundry Bishoppes & their successo" as to divers Cathedrall Churches Deanes 8c Chapters Collegies & other Ecclesiasticall and Spuall psons 8c Corpora c&ns, 8c their successours, diPz MaSz Landes Teiites Rectories Psonagf Tythes Glebelandes 8c other Hereditamentes, to holde in pure & frank almoyne, or by any other tenure, & to paye yerely unto their Ma*' their heires & successours, one yerely rent in the name of a Tenthe or the Tenthe pte of the yearly value of the same, as by the said severall Patentes more at large dothe appeare: Our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King & Quenes Ma" that nowe arr further wyllen that yt bee enacted, and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam", That the said ppetuall Pention Annuall Rent or Tenthe mentioned & conteyned in the sayd Acte made in the said xxvj"1 yere of the reigne of the said late King Henrye theight, And the said severall Rents 8c Tenthes reserved upon the said Ires Patentes for 8c in the name of a Tenthe or any of them, from 8c after the feast of S' Mighell tharchangell last past, shall not bee payde or payable unto theyr Ma'™ her heires and successours; and that aswell all 8c singler Tharchebishorikes Bishoprikes and other the Benefices Dignities Deanes 8c Chapters Colledges Corporac&ns 8c Spuall Promoc&ns aforesaid, as all 8c every Possesso' Owner Proprietaries 8c Incumbent of the same, and theyre successours and every of them, from 8c after the sayd Feast of S' Mighell tharchangell last past, shalbee clerely exonerate acquited 8c dischardged of 8c for the payment of the said ppetuall Pencon Annuall Rent or Tenthes aforesaid, and of the said Tenthes reserved upon the said tres Patentes 8c of every of them, against our said Sovereigne Lorde 8c Lady, and theires 8c successours of the Quene, to thintent that the same shall bee ordred used 8c disposed in mailer 8c fourme as hereafter in this Acte shalbee expressed: And for the better declarac&n of their Ma"" good 8c godly disposic&ns in the premisses, Their Highnes dothe by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam' clerely give over renounce 8c relinquishe, from them 8c theires 8c successoures of the Quenes Highnes, the said ppetuall Penc&n Annuall Rent 8c Tenthe, 8c the said Rentes reserved Nomine Decime upon the said severall tres Patentes, and all their Right Title 8c Interest w* they or the said heires or successoures of our said Sovereigne Lady the Quene have or may have in or to the same.

Certain Brneficei, And where divers 8c sundry Rectories Psonagf 8c Benefices impropriate, Glebe Landes Tythes Oblac&ns Penc&ns &c. vested injte Porcons 8c other Profittes 8c Emolumentes Ecclesiasticall 8c Spuall, to the same or any of them belonging, 8c the

the like Purposes. Reverc&n 8c Revercons of dyvers of them, synce the xx'h yere of the reygne of the said late King Henry theight came

unto thandf 8c Possession of the said late King: And likewise since his deathe unto thandes of the said late Kyng Edoarde the vj1*1 8c after [unto thandes 8c possession of the King 8c Quenes Ma'f that nowe are, as in the Right of her Highnes of an Estate of Inheritance; Their Ma'f like good Catholike 8c Christen Princes earnestly tendring thinstrucc&n of their People in true 8c sincere Doctrine, 8c therw'^all wayeng the Povertie 8c Scarsenes of lyving of many 8c sundry Beneficf 8c Cures w'hin this Realme 8c othir their Dominons, by reason wherof sufficient 8c liable Curates can not bee gotten to serve the same, likewise willen that yt bee enacted, And therfore bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', that their Ma'f 8c theyres 8c successo" of the Quenes Highnes shall not from the feast of S' Mighell tharchangell last past, receyve pceyve take or injoy any Thissues Revenues Profittes or Comodities of the said Rectories Psonagf Benefices Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Penc&ns Profittes 8c other Porc&ns 8c Emolum'f Ecclesiasticall 8c Spuall aforesaid, or any of them, or of the Reverc&n or Reverc&ns of them or any of them, but dothe from 8c after the said Feast clerely give over renounce 8c relinquishe by thaucthorite aforesaid, the said Rectories Psonagf Beneficf Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Penc&ns Porcons 8c other Profittes 8c Emolumentes Ecclesiasticall and Spuall aforesaid and every of them, 8c the Reverc&n 8c Reverc&ns of them 8c every of them, 8c all their Right Title Use Interest 8e demaunde of in or to the same, from them 8c theires and successoures of the Quenes Ma" for ever, to be used imployed ordered and disposed in maner 8c fourme as in this Acte hereafter ys expressed 8c declared.

V

Saving lor Arrears Provided alwaies and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That this Acte or any thing therin thTcrowndU<! l° coteyned shall not in any wise extende textinguishe dischardge or gyve away any of thissues tenthes or profittes of the said Rectories Psonages 8c Beneficf impropriat Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Penc&ns 8c Porc&ns aforesayd, or any Arreragf of Rentes of the same, or tharreragf of any of the sayd severall Tenthes before specified, or of any pte or pcell therof, due unto their Ma'f her heires 8c successo" at the said Feast of S' Mighell tharchangell last past, or any tyme before the said Feast, but that their Highnesses her hey res 8e successours shall have receyve 8c injoye all Sc singler the said Arreragf of the said Rentes 8e several Tenthes due at or before the sayd Feast, in like maner 8c fourme as yf this Acte had not bene made; Any thing before mentioned, Lawe Use or Custome to the contrary notwithestandyng.

VI.

Saving for Grants Provided also and bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That this Acte or any thing theryn conteyned

th *Crown*to'an,r not *n any w’se e*tende textinguishe dischardge or give away onv yerely Rent reserved for 8c in the name of

Lay Persons. a Tenthe, upon any tres Patentes heretofore made 8c granted by our said Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight.

1 to 0.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 4.

27T

<>

ii

W

Pi

j.

in

s

ii

B

II

ii

ii

ft

i

!:

Ii

Ii

I

i

i

i

I

I

i

i

I

i

I

i

i

i

i

King Edoarde the vj"1, and by our Sovereigne Lorde & Lady the Kyng & Quenes Ma'1", or by any of them, to any peon or psones, 8c to their heires, or in fee taile generall or speciall, or for terme of lyes liefes or yeres, or to any Bodies Polidke or Corporate & to their successours, other then to Spuall & Ecclesiasticall Corpora c&ns & to their successours, but that the King 8c Quenes Ma1", her heires & successors, shall have pceyve & enjoye all 8c singler the said Rentes so reserved upon any of the said tres Patentee, not being made and granted to any Spuall or Ecclesiasticall psons 8c Corpora c&ns 8c to their successors as ys aforesaid, in like maner and fourme as yf this Acte had never been made.

And Where the King 8c the Quenes Ma" stande chardged to* the payment of sundrye Rents Penc&ns Annuitees Corrodies Fees 8e other yerely Paymentes severally granted, aswell by dyvers 8c sundrye late Abbotts Priors Maysters of Colledges M" of Hospitalles Chantery Preestes 8c other Ecclesiasticall It Spuall psons, before the dissolution of

theyr Houses, to dyvers 8c sundrye psons severally or joyntly for terme of lyes lyeves or yeres, as also by her sayd

Father King Henry theight, and by her said brother Kyng Edoarde the Sixthe, 8c by her Ma"', or by any of them, to dyvers 8c sundry Religious psons 8c others severally or jointly for terme of lief lyves or yeres; the names of all wrt psons together w,h they re severall yerely Rents Penc&ns Annuitees Corrodies Fees 8c yerely Paimentes 8c Profittes shalbee specially 8c pticlerly sett for the 8c conteyned in a certayne Booke indented, wherof thone Countrepayne to bee signed by our said Sovereygne Ladye the Qucne and thother w'h the Signe Manuall of the most Reverend Father in God Reignold Poole Cardinall and Legate de latere of the Popes Holynes 8c of the See Apostolycke, specially sent unto theyr Ma’1" 8c to their Kingdomes 8c Dominions, to thintent our said Sovereigne Lorde 8c Ladye the King and Quenes Ma" their heires 8c successours should bee from the said feast of S* Mighell

Tharchangell last past, 8c at all times from hensforthe, clerely exonerated acquited dischardged or saved harmeles of

8c from the Payment of the said Rents Penc&ns Annuities Corrodies Fees 8c yerely Paymentes aforesayd: Our said Sovereigne Lorde 8c Ladye the King 8c the Quenes Ma'f arr pleased 8c contented that yt bee enacted, And therfore bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That suche 8c so many of the Clergie of this Realme as the sayd Lorde Legates Grace shall from tyme to tyme name 8c appoint, 8c the successoures of them 8c every of them (yf it shall so please the sayd Lord Legates Grace to name appointe 8c assigne them) shall from the said Feast of S* Mighell last past, and so from thensforthe from time to time untill the said Rectories Psonagf 8c Benefices impropriate, 8c other the sayde Spuall Profittf, shall bee otherwise ordred used 8c employed by thassignem' of the said Lorde Legates Grace, as hereafter ys expressed 8c declared, have take pceyve 8c receyve aswell all 8c singler the sayd ppetuall Penc&n Annuall Rents or Tenthes 8c every of them at suche daies 8c tyme, and by all suche wayes 8c meanes as the same ys limited 8c appointed to bee payd, either by the said severall tres Patentes or by the said former Estatute made in the saide xxvj"‘ yere of King Henry theight, or by any other Estatute made for 8c concerning the true payment of the sayd Tenthes, or any of them, as also all 8c singler Thyssues Revenues Profittes and Comodities of 8c in all 8c singler the said Rectories Psonagf 8c Benefices impropryate Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Penf&ns Porc&ns 8c other Profittes 8c Emolumentes Ecclesiasticall 8c Spuall aforesayd, 8c of the Revrrc&n and Reverc&ns therof, when they shall fall, by all suche Ways Remedies 8c meanes for the levyeng 8c recoverye of the Rents 8c Profittes of the sayd Premysses, as our said Sovereygne Lorde 8c Ladye, her Highnes heires 8c successors, shoulde or might have doone yf the said premisses hadd still continued in theyr Ma'f handes 8c possession, To this use intent 8c purpose following, that ys to saye; That suche 8c [as1] many of the Clergie of this Realme 8c theyr successors, as the said most Reverend Father the Lorde Legates Grace shall name 8c appoynte as ys aforesaid, shall therwithe satisfie content 8c paye or cause to bee satisfied contented 8c payd to all and every the said Religious psons 8c others named within the sayd Booke indented, w" at this tyme have or ought to have any Penc&n Corrodie Annuitee yerely Rent Profitt or Fee for terme of lyes lyves or yeres as ys aforesaid, all 8c singler theyr sayd Pentions Corrodies Aiiuities Rents or Fees, at suche days 8c tymes as ys limited 8c appointed by severall Ires Patentes or other Writinges or Grantes to them made, and in suche maner 8c fourme as our said Sovereygne Lorde 8c Ladye the King 8c Quenes Highenesses her heires 8c successors shoulde or ought to have payd the same yf this Act had never been had ne made, any thing bifore mentyoned to the contrary notw^standing : And that they shall exonerate acquire 8c dischardge or save harmeles the said King 8c Quenes Ma'f 8c her heires 8c successoures Kings of this Realme, of 8c for the payment of all 8c singler the sayd Pentyons Annuitees Corrodies 8c Fees, and shalbee further bounde for thassurance therof, as shalbee devised by their Ma'f w* thassent of the said Lorde Legate; any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to thintent the poore Benefices 8c Cures of this Realme 8c other the Dominions [ therto * ] belonging, may bee hereafter furnished w,b good 8c liable Curates tinstructe the people w"1 good 8c sincere Doctrine, 8c to bee liable to mayntayiSe Hospitalitee 8c for 8c to other godly internes 8c purposes to bee doon w"*yn this Realme, Our said Sovereygne Lorde 8c Lady the Kyng and Quenes Ma"" of their most gratious Dysposicons, arre pleased 8c contented and willen that yt bee enacted, And bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the sayd Lorde Legate shall 8c may dispose order imploy 8c convert the said Rectories Psonagf 8c Beneficf impropriate, Glebelandf Tithes Oblac&ns Penc&ns Porc&ns 8c other the said Profittf 8c Emolumentf, Ecclesiasticall 8c Spuall, to and for thencrease 8c augmentac&n of Lyvinges of thincumbentf of the [same1] or other poore Cures 8c Benefices, or otherwise for the finding of Preachers or thexhibicon of Scollers w,hin this Realme and Dominions of the same, as by the godly Wisedomc 8c Discretion of the said Lorde Legate shalbee thought most meet 8c convenient.

Savino to all 8c every pson 8c psons Bodies Politike and Corporate, and their heires assignes 8c successoures 8c every of them, (other then our said Sovereigne Lorde 8c Ladye the King 8c Quenes Ma"" 8c theires 8c successors of the Quenes Highnes,) all suche [Psonagf4] Nominations pntacons Advousons Right Title Possession Interest Reverc&n Remaynder Entree Condif&n Fees Offices Rentes Annuitees Comons Leasses Liberties 8c all other Comodities Thing

VII.

Certain Pensions, he. payable by the Crown to Abbot. he. of dissolved Monasteries, See. to be .petrified in a certain Book

The Tenth, granted by St. 16 H.VIII. and Revenue, of all Benefices, he. heretofore vested in the Crown, shall be received by certain of the Clergy, to be appointed by the Legale, and applied in Payment of such Pensions, See. from which the Crown sh.ll be released.

Vilt.

The Legate may apply the Revenue* of such Benefice*, Scc.to the increasing of poor Livings, or to other Preachers or Scholars, See.

IX.

General Saving of Rights of Strangers.

1 so O.

’ therunto O.

* said O.

4 Pronagf O.

Voi., IV.

4 B

278

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 4.

A.D. 1555.

x.

After Death of all the Peniioners, Payment of Tenths shall cease.

XI.

Proviso for Covenants by and against Lessees of Tithes, See. of Benefices to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XII. Patronage of Vicarages reserved to the Crown;

XIII.

and of Rectories disappropriated.

XIV. Patronage of other Rectories disappropriated.

XV.

Pensions shall not be doubly paid.

& Thinges Profittes & Hereditamentf whatsoever, in like maner and fourme to all internes construcc&ns & purposes as they or any of them shoulde might or ought to have had in (1) or out of any of the said Tenthes Psonagf Rectories Beneficf Vicareges Tithes Penc&ns Porc&ns Oblac&ns Obvenc&ns, or in or to any y* pmisses or any pte therof, in as ample & large maner as yf this Acte had never been hadd ne made.

Provided always and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That immediatly after the decease of the said psons named in the said Booke to bee indented, and the determinac&n of theyr severall estates & rightes (1) and to the said Annuities Fees Rents & Corrodies, the said payment of the said ppetuall Penc&n anuall Payment or Tenthe, & of the said Tenthes & Rents reserved Nomine Decime, upon any (*) tres patentes made unto Ecclesiasdcall & Spuall psons aforesaid, shall utterly cease & bee determined for ever; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That all & singler pson & psons Bodyes Politic^ & Corporate, being Spuall & Ecclesiasticall, & their Successors & every of them, w'1' shall hereafter have & enjoye any of the said Rectories Psonagf & Benefices impropriat, Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Penc&ns Por<75ns & other

Profittes & Emolumentf Ecclesiasticall & Spuall aforesayd, shall & may have & enjoye by authoritee of this Acte

like Advantagf Meanes Benefites Actions & Remedies against the Leassees & Grantees their Executours Administrators or Assignees, & every of them, by entree for non payment of Rent from hensforthe to bee due, or for any Wast hereafter to bee done,or for breache or not pfourming of any Condic&n [or*] Covenant or Agreament from hensforthe to bee pfourmed fulfilled or done, conteyned & expressed in thindentures of the sayd Leasses or Grants, against all & every the said Leassees Fenners & Grantees and their Executors Administrators & Assignes, and every of them, as the said pson & psons Bodies Politic^ & Corporate, Spuall & Ecclesiasticall, their successors & every of them, shoulde & myght have had yf they had been ptye or pryvie to the said Indentures Leases & Grants; And likewise that all & every the said Fermors Leassees & Grantees their Executors Administrators & Assignes, & every of them, shall & may have & enjoy suche pte of the premisses as is conteyned in their Lease & Leases

Grant or Grantes during suche tyme as is mentioned & limited in any suche Lease or Leases Grante or Grantes,

yelding & payeng the yerely Rents & Services reserved upon the same Lease or Leases, and pfourming all & singler Coven'ntes & Agreamentes specified in every suche Lease & Grant, the wdl on the Leasees pte arre to bee observed & kept, And further shall have like Acc&n Advantage Benefit & Remedy against all & every the said pson & psons Bodies Politic}, & Corporate, Spuall & Ecclesiasticall, & their successors & every of them, wc>> shall have & enjoy any pte of the premisses, for any Condic&n Covenant Grante or Agreament hereafter broken or not pfourmed, conteyned & expressed in their severall Indentures of their Leases & Grants, or any of them, the wc'1 on the pte & behalf of the Lessors ar to bee observed & kepte, as the same Leassees or Grantees or their Executors Administrators & Assignes, or any of them, myght or should have hadd against the sayd pson [or5 ] psons Bodies Politic}, & Corporate, Ecclesiasticall & Spuall & their successors, or any of them, yf they had been bothe [ ptie6 ] & pryvie to the sayd Indentures Leases & Grantes.

Provided also and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to take (7 ) from our said Sovereigne Ladye the Quene her heires & successors, the Patronagf of any Vicarege belonging to any of thaforesaid Psonagf & Rectories impropriat, But that her Highnes her heires and successors shall continue and remayne Patronesse & Patrons of the said Vicareges, in maner and fourme as yf this Acte had never been hadd ne made; Any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf it happen any of the said Rectories & Psonagf impropriat, whereof ther is no Vicare or that hathe Vicaregf endowed, & the Patronage of the same appteinethe unto the Quenes Malk her heyres & successors, to bee hereafter [disapropriate * ] & made pntable, or otherwise imployed as is aforesaid, that then her Highnes her heires & successors shall by vertue of this Acte bee judged & demed very & undouted Patrons of every suche Rectorie & Psonagf disappriated & made pntable ; This Acte or any other Lawe Use or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That if it fortune any of the said Rectories & Psonagf impropriate, the Patronage of the Vicarege wherof dothe or shall appteine unto any pson or psons Bodies Politike [&9 ] Corporat, other then to our said Sovereigne Lady the Quene her heires & successors, to bee hereafter disappriated & made pntable, that then in every suche case the said pson & psons Bodies Politike & Corporate, the w4 then shalbee Patrons of the said Vicaregf, shalbee Patrons of the said Psonage so disapropriated, in like estate degree & condic&n as they were of the Patronage of the Vicarege before the said Disapropriac&n of the said Rectorie or Rectories improprited; Any thing in this Acte or any Lawe or Custome to y' cont*rie notw'Vading.

Provided also & bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That when & as often as any pson or psons to whom the sayd Penc&ns Annuitees Corrodies or Fees aforesaid, or any of them doo belong, shalbee paid therof by thaucthorite of this Acte, or otherwise satisfied by any Order that shalbee taken upon the same by any other then the Quenes Ma'" her heires & successors, That then suche pson or psons, or any of them so payde or otherwise satisfied, shall not demaunde the same agayne of the King or Quenes Ma'1" her heires or successors, nor shalbee dooble payde of the same, the Provision & Order of Paiment therof before specified or any other thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 to 0. * in 0.

* ptiez 0. 7 awaye 0.

* the 0. 4 0. omits. * and 0.

• disapropriated 0. 9 or 0.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 4.

279

ijj

!*

is

it

i

k

k

h

b

a

s

i

E

P

E

b

t

1

I

II I I

I

i

i

i

i

l

Provided also and bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf yt fortune the said Lorde Legate to decease before suche time as the contents of this Acte, limited 8c appointed to his Grace to be doon, be fully

accomplished & executed, that then it shalbe laufull unto Tharchebishoppes of Cantorburie 8c Yorck for the time

being, 8c to theldest Bishoppe of this Realme by Consecracbn, 8c in the time of the vacac&n of the said Archebishoprikes, or of eyther of them, then to the Dean 8c Chapter of the Seas or Sea so voide, during the said time of vacac&n, 8c to the said eldest Bishoppe for the time being, to doo execute & accomplish all 8c every thing 8c thinges touching thorder 8c disposicon of the premisses as the said most Revrende Father the Lorde Legate shall

in his lief time limit assigne 8c prescribe unto them, and as his Grace should or might have doon; and that the said

Archebishoppes 8c Bishoppe or the said Deanes 8c Chapters in the time of Vacac&n, 8c the sayd eldest Bishoppe as is aforesaid, shall from time to time after the decease of the said Lorde Legate, have full power 8c aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte, to doo & execute all 8c every thing 8c thing f touching thorder and disposic&n of the said premisses accordingly as yt shalbee prescribed unto them by the said Lorde Legate, and as the said Lorde Legates Grace shoulde or might have doon yf he had lyved; Any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas dyvers 8t sundrye of the said Rectories Personages 8c Benefices Impropriate, Glebelandes Tythes Oblacons Penf&ns Porc&ns 8t other Profittes & Emolumentes, Ecclesiasticall & Spuall, have been heretofore dytnised & g*unted to sondry psons for terme of lyes lyves or yeres, as well by dyvers & sundrye late Abbottes Priors M" of Hospitalles 8c Colledges and other Religious and Spuall psons & Governors, before the dissoluc&n of theyr severall Houses 8c Places as since, by the said late King Henrye theight, King Edoarde the Sixte, & by our Sovereigne Lorde 8c Ladye the King 8c Quenes Ma'f, or by any of them, & in & by the said Leases & G‘untf ther ys also comprehended & dimised togethers w'h the said premisses or w* some pte of the same, dyvers and sundry Mano" Landes Tefltf & other Hereditamentf, and upon some of the said Leases 8c G"untf ys one whole 8c entire yerely rent reserved for the said Spuall Possessions & for the said other Mannors Landes Tents & Hereditamentf therw,h also granted & letton, as by the said severall Leases 8c G*unts it may appeare or bee duelye proved : And where also dyvers of the saide Rectories Psonagf Benefices Impropriate and other the Spuall Possessions aforesaid, have been heretofore of so long continuance & tyme dymised letton 8c occupied together w,h Manors Landes Tents & other Hereditamentf, and so joyntly occupied & used, that it is to bee doubted that some Ambiguitie Question & Controversie may hereafter rise & growe, aswell for the division and severance of the Glebelandf and other Possessions of dyvers of the said Rectories & Psonagf from other the sayde Manors Landes Tents & Hereditamentf w4 have been joyned w"‘ the same in Lease & Occupac&n, as for the apportioning and rating of the said whole 8c entier yerely Rentes reserved upon suche Leases as is aforesaid: For thadvoyding of which Ambiguities Questions & Controversies, and to thintent a good indifferent Rate & Apportiament of the said entier Rent may bee made according to the Quantitie of the said Spuall Possessions so letton, and that the Glebelandes of the said Rectories 8c Psonagies & other the said Spuall Possessions so letton, wlh other Landes & Possessions as is aforesaid, may hereafter be knowen devided 8c (* ) in severaltie from thother temporall Possessions wherw"1 they bee letton, so that such spuall psons as shall bee Incumbentf or Owners of the said spuall Possessions, may have enjoy Sc receive the same, & [other*] Pfitf & Rents therof, in sepaltie from thother tempall Possessions aforesayd, w,hout any Interruption or Question, according to the King Sc Quenes Ma*f most godly intent 8c meaning : Bee it therefore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam*, That in all cases where the said Rectories Glebelandf 8c Spuall Possessions, or any pte therof, ys left dymised or g*unted wtu any of the sayd Manors Landes Tents or Hereditamentf Temporall, under one Rent undevided, or where the sayd Glebelandes 8c Spuall Possessions are not cerraynly knowne devided or severed from thother temporall Possessions therew,ball also letton g*unted 8c occupied, severall Commissions shalbee fro time to tyme awarded out of the Courte of Thexchequer to sixe indifferent psons, wherof three to bee of the Spualtie, and three to bee of the Temporaltie, giving them aucthoritee by vertue of the same, to call before them twelve good Sc indifferent Men inhabiting w^in the [Countrye5] wherof every of them shall have Lands Tents or Hereditamentes of Estate of Freeholde to the yerely value of Five Poundes at the least, where the said Rectories Glebelandes 8c Spuall Possessions doo lye, and the same xij upon their Othes shall indifferently dyvyde 8c sever by sufficient Meets Sc Boudes the said Glebeelandes of the sayd Rectories Sc other Spuall Possessions from thother Landes 8c Possessions w,h the same letton, and to rate 8c apportion howe muche yerely Rent shalbee yerely payd for the said Manors Landes Tents or other Temporall Hereditamentes therew,1all letton and granted as the same *ij° shall upon their Othes Sc Consciences thinck 8c judge to bee according to the quantitee 8c value of y' things so letton Sc g*unted ; and the ratyng division 8c apportioning of the said entyre Rent, and the severance 8c division aswell of the said Glebelandf Sc Spuall Possessions from thother Manors Lands Tents 8c Hereditamentes Temporall, as also of the said Manors Lands Tents 8c Hereditamentes Temporall from the said Glebelandf 8c Spuall Possessions, beyng certified under theyr Seales and the Seales of the said Comyssioners into the said Courte of Exchequer, shalbee as good 8c effectuall in the Lawe, as yf the said Rate [or4] Apporciament of the said Rent or the division 8c severance of the said Manors Landes Tents 8c Hereditamentf had been made Sc done by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament; any Lawe Use or Custome to the contrary notw,hstandyng.

1 used O. * the O. Countie O. < and 0.

XVI.

On Decease of Legate, this Act may be executed by the Archbishops, Ice.

XVII.

For apportioning the Rent of Lands, 5cc. let together with Benefices, Commissions shall be issued by the Court of Exchequer for ascertaining the respective Values.

280

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.5.

A.D. 1555

St.22H.VIILc.ij. 3, 4 Edw.VI. c.i6. for Relief of the Poor, confirmed, as amended by this Act.

II.

On some Day in Christmas Collectors of Alms shall be appointed in each Parish, 8cc. who shall solicit and distribute Alms Weekly.

III.

Collectors shall act for one Year

Penalty, 40 s.

IV.

Collectors shall account every Quarter.

V.

Persons refusing shall be exhorted to contribute.

VL Gifts by King Henry VIII. for the Relief of the Poor, shall be duly applied.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore.

TO thintent that Idle and Loytering persons and valyant Beggers may bee avoyded, and thympotent feoble and lame, w1* arre the poore in verye dede, shoulde bee hereafter well provided for; Be yt enacted by the Kyng and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye wth thassent of the Lordes Spuall & Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same. That the Statute made in the xxij111 yere of the late King of famous memorye King Henry theight, and also the Statute made in the iij° & iiij0 ye-°s of the reigne of the famous King Edoarde the Sixte, concerning Beggers Vagabondes & ydle psones, & every Article Clause Branche Sentence & other thinges conteyned in them & in either of them, other then suche things as shalbee by this pnte Acte otherwise ordeined and provided for, shall stande remayne & bee in their full force & effecte, and shalbee also from hensforthe justly & trulye putt in execuc&n, according to the true meaning of the sayd severall Statutes & either of them.

And further bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yerely on some one Holyday in the Christmas, in every Citie Bourghe & Towne Corporate, the Mayor Baylyefes or other Head Officers for the tyme beyng, and in every other pishe of the Countrey, the Parson Vicar or Curate, & the Churchewardens, having in a Regester or Booke aswell all the names of Thinhabitantf & Housholders as also the names of all suche impotent aged and [psons nedyp1] (1) being w^in their Citie Bourghe Towne Corporate or Pishe are not liable to live of themselves nor wth their owne labour, shall openly in the Churche & quietly after Dyvine Service call the said Housholders & Inhabitauntes together, among whom the Maior or other Head Officers & twoo of the cheif Inhabitantf in every suche Citie Burghes & Townes Corporate, suche as the Maior or other Hedd Officer shall thincke meete, & the Pson Vicar or Curate & Churchewardens in every other pishe, shall electe nominate & appoynte yerely twoo liable psons or moe to bee Gatherers & Collecto" of the charitable Almose of all the residue of the People inhabiting w«*in the Pishe wherof they bee chosen Collectors for the Relief of the Poore; w* Collectors, the Sundaye next after their Elecc6n or the Sonday following if nede require, when the People are at the Churche at Dyvine Service, shall gently aske & demaund of every Man and Woman what they of their Charide will bee contented to give wekely toward the Relief of the Poore, and the same to be writton in the said Register or Booke; and the sayd Gatherers so beyng elected & chosen shall justly gather & trulye distribute the same charitable Almose wekely by themeselves or their assignes, to the sayd poore & impotent psons of the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate & Pishes, w^out fraude or covyn favo' or affeccon & after suche sorte that the more impotent maye have the more helpe, and suche as can gett pte of their lyving to have the lesse, and by the discretyon of the Collectors to bee put in such labour as they bee fitt and liable to doo, but none to goe or sit openly a begging, upon payne lymited in thaforesaid Estatutes.

Bee it (3) enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons so elected nominated & appointed to bee Gatherer or Gatherers as is aforesayd shall refuse the said Office, but shall justly & truely execute the same by the space of one whole yere next ensuyng, upon payne to forfaite xl. s. to thalmes boxe of the Poore, to bee levied by the Churchwardens, where they or he dwellethe, of the Goods of the said Gatherer or Gathere" so refusing by distres.

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the said Gatherers or Collectors shal make their just Accompt quarterly to the Maiors or chief Officers of the said Cities Burghes & Townes Corporate, and in every pishe of y' coutrey, to the Pson Vicar or Curate & Churchewardens of the pishe, at wch accompt suche of the pishe as will may bee pnte, & when they goo out of their office they shall delyver or cause to bee delyvered foorthwlh upon thende of their Accomptf all suche Surplusage of Money as then shall remayne of their Collecton undistributed, to bee put in the Comon Cheste of the Churche or in some other safe place, to thuse of the Poore, at thoversight & discref&n of the Maiors Officers & other before mentioned : And if the said Collectors or any of them do refuse to make their said Accompt w,hin eight days, Then the Bishoppe of the Dioces or Thordinary of the Place shall have aucthorite by vertue of this Acte to compel the said pson or psons by censures of the Churche to make their said Accomptes before suche psons as the said Bishop or Ordinarie shall appoint, & to make immediat payment of the somes wherewth by determinacon of the said Accompt they shalbee chardged.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons being liable to further this charitable worck, doo obsdnatly & frowardly refuse to gyve towardes thelpe of the Poore, or doo wilfully discorage other from so charitable a dede, the Parsone Vicar or Curate & Churchwardens of the pishe wherin he dwellithe, shall then gently exhort him or them towardes the relief of the Poore, and yf hee or they will not so bee perswaded, then upon the certificate of the pson Vicar or Curate of the pishe to the Bishop of the Dyoces or Ordinarye of the Place, the same Bishop or Ordinarie shall sende for him or them, tinduce or perswade him or them by charitable meanes & wayes textende their Charitee as in this Acte is well ment & intended, & so according to discretion to take order for the charitable Reformation of every suche obstinate pson.

And for the better maynten*nce of this charitable worck, It ys ordeyned & established by aucthorite aforesaid. That whereas the late King of famous memorie King Henry theight, by his severall Erections & Foundac&ns hathe ordeyned & appoynted any some or s5mes of money to thuse of the Poore, not being taken away otherways by Acte of Pliament, whether the same bee in any Cathedrall Church Colledge or elswhere, the Bishoppe of the Dyoces for the time beyng shall from tyme to tyme examyne howe & after what maner the sayd money ys bestowed, and call taccompt the pties wdl retayne the said money, so that yt maye appeare that the same ys distributed to the Poore according to the goodd Intent & Purpose of the said noble King that graunted the same.

1 nedjre psons 0.

* as 0.

5 also 0.

Go o

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 5.

281

V

i«

ft

v

bl

>»

it

4

W

u

ft

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, yf yt shall chance any Pishe to have in yt mo poore & where Poor are impotent folkes not liable to labor then the said Pishe is liable to relieve, that then in every suche Pishe, not

too numerous for

standing in any Citie or Towne Corporate, twoo or iij of the cheif Inhabit*untf of the same Pishe, and in every Citie & Jhen^nu"^ °f

Towne Corporate the Maior or cheif Officers of the same Citie or Towne Corporate, calling to them ij or iij of the licensed to beg.

cheif pishioners of the same pishe suche as the said Maior or hed Officer shall thinck meete, shall cerdfie unto the

Jusuces of Peace of the Countie where the same pishe is, the nomber and names of the psons w1* wcK they bee

surcharged, 8c upon suche Certificate the said Justices of the Peace in the same Counde, or twoo of them, wherof

one to bee of the Quorum, shall consider & examyne the said Certificat, 8c finding the same true, shall then graunt,

unto suche & as many of the said poore folkes as by their discretion they shall thinck good, a sufficient Licence

under the Seale appointed for the lymitt, to goo abrode to begg get & receyve the charitable Aimes of thinhahitant?

of the Countrie out of the said Pishes Cities & Townes so surcharged; In wrh Lysence the Places Townes 8c Pishes

to w* suche poore folkes ar by that Licence lycensed to resort, shall in the same Licence bee named lymited 8c

appoynted, bee yt (') one hundred or moo in the said Countye at the said discretyon of the same Justices; and if any of

the said pore folkes so lycensed shall transgres the lymites to them appointed, 8c resorte to begg at other places than

ys in the sayd Lycence named, the ptie so transgressing & offending to bee taken for a valyant Begger, 8c

punished according to the Statute made in the said xxij"1 yere of King Henry theight, & his or their License to

bee taken from them.

VIII.

And bee it further enacted, That wher any of the said Cities Bourghes Townes Corporat or pishe so surcharged, prQ,iso for ys scituate & standing in one Countie or twoo Counties of this Realme, or scituate & standing in one 8c imediatly Corporations, See.

adjoyning to another Countie of the Realme, as the Citie of Bristoll 8c Townes of Ludloo 8c Stanforde stande, Two Counties, kc.

That in that Cities the said Maior Head Officers & Inhabitantf of every suche Citie Bourghe Towne Corporate

Pishe, shall make Certificat unto the Justices of the said Counties adjoyning to the same Cities Bourghes Townes Corporate and pishes, & the same Justices of the said adjoyning Countie or Counties, to do gyve lycense 8c folowe thorder above remembred, according as other Justices of the Counties in wch the pishe surchardged standethe is limited & authorised to doo.

And bee it also enacted, That in all Cities Bourghes & Townes Corporate w,hin w* bee divers Pishes, the Mayor [8c *] parishe, ;n cities Hed Officers of every the same Cities Bourghes 8c Townes Corporate, shall consider thestate 8c abilite of every shall^contribute to suche pishe; And if the same Maio' 8c Officers shall understande by their disc recon, that the Pishioners of any one of the said Pishes is of suche welthe & havour that they have no povertie amonges them, or bee liable sufficiently to releve the povertie of the Pishe wher they inhabite 8c dwell, 8c also to helpe 8c succour povertie elswhere further, That then the said Maio' 8c Officers, w,h thassent of ij of the most honest 8c substanciall Inhabitantf of every suche welthy Pishe, shall consider the nedines of thinhabitantes of thother Pishe or Pishes w,hin the same Citie or Towne Corporate, and move enduce 8c pswade the Pishioners of the welthier pishe charitably to contribute somewhat according to their habilite towardes the wekely relefe succo' 8c consolac&n of the poore 8c nedye w,hin thother Pishe or Pishes aforesaid where nede ys.

And bee it also enacted, That all 8c every suche poore folkes as by any suche License are to bee licensed 8c aucthorised to resorte out of the lymittes liberties 8c franchesies of all 8c every suche Citie Bourghe 8c Towne Corporate, into any the said Counties to begg gett 8c gather the charitable Aimes of good People, shall at all times when the same goth abroade to begge, weare openly upon him or them, bothe on the breast 8c the back of his or their uttermost garment, some notable badge or token to bee assigned unto him by the Maio' or Head Officers of the same Citie Bourghe 8c Towne Corporate or Pishe, w,l> thassent of the Justices of the Peace that shall grante the same License, upon paine to bee taken for a valiant Begger, 8c to bee punished as is afore remembred, and shall also cary his License w11' him upon like payne: This Acte tendure to the latter ende of the first Sessyon of the next Plyament.

Provided always and bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this pnte Acte nor any thing theryn contayned shall [notJ] extende or bee prejudiciall unto the Maio' Sherifes 8c Citizens of the Citie of Chester, for or concerning any Gifte or Grante of any Annuitee or yerely Rent heretofore made given or granted by the said famous King Edoarde the Sixthe unto the said Maio' Sherifes 8c Citizens of the sayd Citie, goeng out of any Manors Landes Teiites 8c Hereditamentes of the Cathedrall Churche of Christ 8c our Lady wlllin the Citie of Chester; But that the same Maio' Shirifes 8c Citizens shall 8c maye from hensforthe receive use 8c employ the same Aucthoritees yerely Rentes or Profites to suche Uses 8c Entents, 8c according to the said Gifte of the said famous King: Any thing in this pnte Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwais 8c bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all 8c every some 8c somes of money fro hensforth to bee collected or gathered wu‘in the Citie of London or the Liberties of the same by vertue of this Acte, shalbee payde over to the Govemours of Thospitall called Thospitall of Christes Churche w‘hin the said Citie of London for the time being, and shalbee by them from time to tyme distributed 8c bestowed for the relief of the poore of the said Citie, according to their wisdomes 8c discretions: Any thing in this Acte mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.

Licensed Bcgprs shall wear Badges.

Continuance of thia Act.

XI.

Proviso for Gift by K.Edw.VI. to the Corporation of Chester.

XII.

AH Sums gathered in London, shall he paid to and distributed by Christ's Hospital.

1 in 0.

4 or 0.

3 O. omits.

4 C

L

b

282

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.6.

A.D. 1555

For remedying the Abuses of Purveyors 5

No Commissions to Purveyors shall endure longer than Six Months.

II.

Commissions shall specify the County, and the Particulars of the Cattle, &c. to be taken.

III.

Blanks shall be left for each County, and the Signature of the Constable, &c.

IV.

Purveyors shall sign a Docket of all Cattle, ire. taken; to be delivered to the High Constable, and by him to the Justices at Sessions, to be by them certified to the Lord Steward of the Household.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte against thexcessive taking of Purveyours.

FOR thadvoiding of the greate Annoyance and Hindrance comonly done to the Subjectes of this Realme by Purveyours & Takers of Beefes Wethers Lambes Calves all kynde of Grayne Butter Cheese Bacon all kinde of Pulleyne, & texchewe hereafter not onely the great deceypte ministred & done dayly by the said Purveyors

Takers, But also hereby tavance the Kyng & Quenes Ma'" better sevice in the premisses, w,h the contentacftn of all

their Highnes faithefull & most obedyent Subjectes: Be yt therfore enacted by our Sovereigne Lorde & Lady, w‘h thassent of the I.ordes Spuall & Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same, That after the Feaste of the Birthe of our Lorde next ensueng, every suche Comission as shalbee made graunted & directed to any pson or psons whatsoever, wherby the same pson or psons or their Deputies shall have

aucthoritee to take anny Beeves Wethers Lambes Calfes or any kynde of Salt Fishe or any kinde or kindes of

Grayne, or any Butter in Barrelies or other Vesselles, Cheese Bacon Conies Pygges Geese Capons or Hennes, that the same Comyssyon or Comissions shall not extende or contynue above the space of Syxe Monethes at the farthest, next ensueng the date of any [of1] the said Comissions: And after thende of the said Sixe Monethes, everye of the said Comissons to bee voide & of no force nor effect, whatsoever Wordes Matter or Sentences shalbee conteined or expressed in any of the same Conussions.

(’) Bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That in all & every suche Comission or Comissions to bee graunted after the said Feast of the Birthe of our Lorde, shalbee playnly aswell conteyned & expressed, suche Countie or Counties as any of the said Beefes Wethers Lambes Calfes Hogges or Swyne, or any kynde of Saltfishe, or any kinde or kindes of Grayne Butter Cheese Bacon Connies Pigges Geese Capons or Heues, or any of them, ys to bee levied purveyed or taken in, by any of the pson or psons or their Deputie or Deputies so authorised by the vertue of the said Comission or Comissions, as also the just true & full proporcion & nomber of all & every suche Beefes Wethers Lambes Calfes Swyne, any kinde of Saltfishe or any kynde or kyndes of Grayne Butter in Barrelies or other Vesselles, Cheese Bacon Connies Pigges Geese Capons & Hennes, or any of them, as the said pson or psons theyr Deputie or Deputies, or any of them, shalbe by force & vertue of the said Comission or Comissions authorised to levie take or purvey w^n any of the said Coutie or Couties.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That to every suche Comission or Comissions, after the sayd Birthe of our Lorde to bee made granted & directed as is aforesaid, shalbee annexed so many Blanckf in Pchem' as there shalbee severall Counties expressed named & conteyned w'^in the said C5mission or Chmissions, or any of them, in (5) wf" blanckes shalbee faire & legeably writton all & every suche Beefes Wethers Lambes Calves Swyne, any kynde of Saltfishe or any kynde or kyndes of Grayne Butter Cheese Bacon Connyes Pigges Geese Capons & Hennes, w*" the true & severall prices of the same and every of them, as shalbee levied gathered & purveyed by any pson or psons their deputie or deputies, or any of them, as shalbee therunto authorised by any suche Comission or Comissions aforesaid, wlkin any pticuler Towne Pishe or Hamlett set lyeng & being w,hin any those Coutie or Couties as shalbee named conteyned & expressed w'hin the said Comission or Chmissions, or any of them, wheronto shalbee subscribed the Name or Signe Manuel of all & every suche highe Constable or Constables petie Constable or Constables Headborowe or Headburghes, as shalbee by any Precept to him or them directed by any pson or psons their Deputie or Deputies, or any of them aucthorised theronto by suche Comission or Comissions to bee granted as is aforesaid, pryvie or knowledgyng to the delyverie of the said Beefes Wethers Lambes Calfes, any kynde of Saltfyshe or any kynde or kyndes of Graine Butter Cheese Bacon Chnies Pigges Geese Capons & Hennes, or any of them.

And Bee yt further enacted by aucthoritee aforesaid. That every pson or psons their Deputie or Deputies, or any of them, w<» shalbee, by Comission or Comissions hereafter to bee granted as is aforesaid, auctorised to levie take or purveye any Beefes Wethers Lambes Calfes Swyne Saltfishe, or any kynde or kindes of Graine Butter in Barels or other Vessels, Cheese Bacon Conies Pigges Geese Capons & Hennes, or any of them as is beforesaid, shall make a Docket or Breife in writing, subscribed w"1 his or their name or names conteyning all & every suche Beefs Wethers Lambes Calves Swine, kinde of Saltfishe, kinde or kinds of Grayne Butter in Barels or other Vessels, Cheese Bacon Conies Piggf Geese Capons & Henes, or any of them, as hee or they shall by vertue of the said Comission or Comissions levie take or purvey w,hin any pticuler Towne Pishe or Hamlett set lyeng & being wtkin any suche Countie or Counties as shalbe named conteined & expressed w,hin the said Comission or Comissions, or any of them ; and the same Doket or Dokets Brefe or Brefes, faire & leageably writton & subscribed as ys aforesaid, shall well & truly delyver to the said highe Constable petie Constable or Headburghe, or one of them, at suche pnte tyme as the sayd Beefes Wethers Lambes Calfes Swyne Saltfishe kinde or kyndes of Grayne Butter Cheese Bacon Conyes Pigges Geese Capons & Henes, or any of them, shalbee delyvered to them or any of them; upon payne of forfeiture of one hundrethe Marckes of laufull Money, & one yeres imprisonement as often as hee shall so offende, Thone moyetie of wch forfeiture to bee to the Kyng & Queenes Ma'", and thother moyetie to him that will sue therfore in any of the Kyng & Queenes Courte of Recorde, by Byll Playnte Writ Informacon or otherwayes, wherin no Wager of Lawe Proteccbn or Essoigne to bee allowed •, All wch Dokets or Bryefes the said highe Constable or Constables petie Constable or Constables Headburghe or Headburghes, shall delyver over to the Justices of Peace at the next generall Sessions to bee holden w^in any of the sayd Counties; And that the same Justices or twoo of them, may & shall from time to time certefie the whole nomber & contents of all and every the said Dokets & Brefes to the Lorde Stewarde of the Kyng

1 0. omits.

• And 0.

5 the O.

A.D. 1555.

2"& 3°Phil. & Mar. c.6,7.

283

I

I

9

a

a

k

is

Queenes most honorable Housholde for the time being, or to the Treasorer 8t Comptroller of the same, or any of them, or to the Treasorer & Comptroller of the King & Queenes Shippes, if provision of any the thinges afore mentioned bee provided or taken for the victayling of the Navie, or any of the King or Queenes Ma" Shippes; wherby the serving of any of thaforesaid Comission or Comissions & true aunswering of the same shall fully appeare.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That it shall not bee laufull to any pson or psons their Deputie or Deputies, or any of them, w<* shalbee aucthorised by suche Comission or Comissions hereafter to bee g'unted as is aforesaid, to levie take or purvey any Beefes Wethers Lambes Calfes, any kinde of Sakfishe, kynde or kinds of Grayne Butter in Barels or other Vessells, Cheese Bacon Conies Pigges Geese Capons & Henes, or any of them, otherweys or in any other sorte [& '3 maner then ys in severall Estatutes heretofore for Purveiors made ordeyned provided appointed limitted & expressed, upon suche payne & paynes as in the said severall Estatutes ys conteyned & expressed.

And Forasmuche as the good & necessarye Lawes heretofore made & pvided against thabuses & evill doings of P'veiors are not taken textende to thundertakers deputies & serv*ntf of any suche Pveyo", by whom therfore the people of this Realme bee oftentymes verie uncharitably & unlaufully used & oppressed: Bee yt therfore enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam', that all ii every suche Lawes Statutf & Pvisyons as heretofore have been made & ordeined against Fveio", & all & every the Paines Penalties Forfeiture & Loss conteyned mentioned or appointed in any of the same Lawes or Statutf against Pveyo" & Takers, or any of them, shall also bee extended & executed upon every of theyr Undertakers Deputies & Serv*ntf, and all other w4 by color shall after the first daye of Januarie next coming take any Victuall or any other thing by v'tue or force of any suche C5mission from any the King & Queenes Ma'" Subjectes contrary to the teno' & effect of any of the sayd Lawes or Statutes, in like maner & forme to all intentf & p'poses as the same Lawes & Estatutes, or any of them, & the paines & forfeitures therin conteyned, shoulde might or ought to bee executed & extended against Pveyo" & Takers themselfes, or any of them, and as strongly & amplye as yf the sayd Undertakers Deputies & Serv*ntf were specially & ptyculerly recited & named in every of the same Estatutes.

(1) Pkovided alwais & be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, for the better execuc&n of this Acte & all other Actes concemyng Purveyo", That all & every Comission & Comissions y‘ from hensforthe shalbee made & gr'unted unto any P'veyour or P'veyo", shalbee writton & set for the from tyme to tyme in Thenglishe Toungue, & not otherwise.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte against the byeng of stolen Horses.

FORASMUCHE as Stolen Horses Mares & Geldinges, by Theves & their Confederates bee for the moste pte solde exchanged gyven or put awaye in Houses Stables Backsydes & other secrett & pryvie places of Marketes Sc Fayres, and the Toll also pryvily payde for the same, wherby the true owners therof, being not liable to trye the falshode & covyn betwene the Buyer & Seller of suche Horse Mare or Gelding, ys by the Comon Lawes of this Realme w^out Remedye: Bee yt therefore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam1, that the Owner Govemo' Ruler Fermo' Stuarde Baylyef or cheyfe Keper of every Faire & Markett overt w,hin this Realme & other the Queenes Dominions, shall before the feast of Easter next, and so yerely, appoynt & lymit out one certayn & speciall open place wthin the Towne Place Feylde or Cyrcuite where Horses Mares Geldings & Coltes hathe been & shalbee used to bee solde in any Fayre or Market overt; in wch said certayn & open place as ys aforesayd, there shalbee by the said Ruler or Keper of the said Fayre or Market, put in & appoynted one sufficient pson or more to take Toll & kepe the same place, from tenne of the Clock before None untill Sune set of every day of thaforesaid Faire & Market, upon payne to lose & forfeite for every defalte xl s. And that every Toll Gatherer his Deputie or Deputies shall, during the tyme of every the said Faires & Markets, take their due & lawfull Tolies for every suche Horst Mare Gelding or Colte at the sayd open Place to bee appoynted as ys beforesayd, And [betwen !] the Houres of tenne of the Clock in the Morning and the Sune sett of the same Day, yf yt bee tendered, & not at any other tyme or place; And shall have pntly before him or them at the taking of the same Tolle, the pties to the Bargayn Exchange Gifte Contract or putting awaye of every suche Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, and also the same Horse Mare Gelding Sc Colte so solde exchanged or put awaye, and shall then write or cause to bee writton in a Booke to bee kept for that purpose, tLe names surnames & dwelling places of all the said pries, and the colo', w,h one speciall marke at the least of every suche Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, in paine to forfeite at & for every defeulte contrary to the teno' hereof xls. And the sayd Toll Gatherer or Keper of the said Booke, shall wll,in one day next after every suche Faire or Market, bring & delyver his said Book to Thowner Govemo' Ruler Stewarde Bailief or Cheif Keper of the said Faire or Market, who shall then cause a note to bee made of the true nomber of all Horses Mares Geldingf Sc Coltes solde at the sayd Market or Faire, and shall there subscribe hys Name or set his Mark therunto, upon payne to him that shall make default therin, to lose and forfeite for every defaulte fortye shillingf, and also toaunswer the ptie greyed, by reason of the same his negligence in every behalf.

* or 0.

* This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3 betwyxe O.

V.

Former Statutes as to Purveyon confirmed.

VL

Statutes relating to Purveyors shall extend to their Deputies.

VII. Commissions to Purveyors shall be in English.

Frauds in Sales of Stolen Horses;

A Place shall be appointed in each Fair, for the Sale of Horses in open Day, and Tolls shall be taken thereon, the Parties and the Horse being all together ; and a Note made thereof in the Toll-keeper’s Book: Penalty 40a.

Go

284

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 7, 8,

A.D. 1555.

ii.

Property in a Hone having been stolen shall not be divested out of the Owner, except on Sale in open Fair, under the Directions of this Act; and Horse otherwise sold may be seized by the Owner, «cc.

Application of Penalties.

III.

Justices of Peace may determine Offences.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the Sale Gifte Exchange or putting away, after the last day of Februarye nowe next ciimyng, in any Faire or Markett overte of any Horse Mare Gelding (1) Colte, that ys or shalbee thevishely stolen or feloniously taken awaye from any pson or psons, shall not alter take awaye nor exchange the pptie of any pson or psons to or from any suche Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, unles the same Horse Mare Gelding or Colte shalbee, in the time of the said Faire or Market wherin the same shalbee solde gyven exchanged or put away, openly ridden ledd walked dryven or kept standing by the space of one houre together at the least, betwext Tenne of the Clock in the Morning & the Sune setting, in thopen place of the Faire or Market wherin comonly Horses arre comonly used to bee solde, & not w^n any House Yarde Backside or other pryvie or secrett place ; and unles all the pties to the Bargaine Contracte Gifte or Exchange, pnte in the said Faire or Market, shall also come together, & bring the Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, so solde exchanged given or put awaye, to thopen place appointed for the Tolle Taker or for the Book Keper where no Toll ys due, and ther enter or cause to bee entred their names & dwelling places in maner as ys aforesaid, w® the collo' or coullo", & one speciall marck at the least, of every the same Horses Mares Geldingf or Coltes, in the Tollers Booke or in the Kepers Book for that purpose wher no Toll ys due as ys aforesaid, and also paye him their Toll yf they ought to paye any, and yf not then the Byer to gyve one peny for thentry of their names & executing thother circumstances afore rehearsed, to him that shall write the same in the sayd Booke; And yf any Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, that ys or shalbee thevishely stollen or taken away, shall after the said last day of Februarye nexte coming bee solde gyven exchanged or put away in any Faire or Market, & not used in all poyntf according to the teno' & entent of this Estatute, that then thowner of every suche Horse Mare Gelding or Colte shall & may by force of this Estatute sease or take agayne the said Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, or have any acc&n of Detinue or Replevin for the same, any Sale Gifte Exchaunge or putting away of any suche Horse Mare Gelding or Colte, other then according to this Estatute, in any wise notwithstanding; Thone half of w'h forfeitures to bee to the King & Quenes Ma"" her heires & successoures, & thother to him or them that will sue for the same before the Justices of Peace, or in any of the King & Quenes Ma'" Ordinarie Courtes of Recorde, by By 11 Playnt acc&n of Dett or Informac&n, in w* Suytes no Proteccon Essoigne or Wager of Lawe shalbee allowed.

And bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of every Place & Countie aswell w^in Liberties as w'hout, shall have aucthoritee in their Sessions, w,hin the limites of their Aucthoritee & Comission, tenquyre heare & determyne all offences against this Estatute, as they may doo any other matter triable before them.

IV. Fee on Entry where no Toll is payable.

Puovided always, That in every suche Faire & Market, where any Toll ys nor shalbee due ne leviable by reason of the Freedome Liberty or Pryviledge of the said Faire or Market, the Keper or Kepers of the Booke touching thexecucbn of this pnte Acte, shall take nor exacte but one penye upon & for every Contracte, for his labour in writing thentrye concerning the premisses in maner and fourme as ys before declared.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for thamendyng of Highe Wayes.

For amending Highways, Surveyors shall be appointed yearly in Easter Week;

Penalty zos.

FOR amending of Highwais being nowe bothe verie noysome & tedious to travell in & dangerous to all Passengers and Cariages; Bee it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam', That the Constables & Churchewardens of every pishe w,hin this Realme, shall yerely upon the Twesdaye or Wednesday in Easter weeke, call together a nomber of the Pochians, and shall then electe & choose twoo honest psons of the Pishe to bee Surveyo" & orderers, for one yere, of the worckes for Amendement of the Highewais in their pishe leading to any Market Towne, the wcl* psons shall have aucthoritee by vertue hereof torder and direct the psons & carriages y* shalbee appointed for those worckes by their discretions; And the sayd psons so named shall take upon them thexecucon of their said offices, upon payne ev*y of them making defaulte to forfeite xx s. And the said Cunstables

Four Days shall be appointed for repairing Highways before Midsummer, and Parishioners shall attend with Carts, Horses, and Tools, &c. according to the Land, &c. which they occupy.

& Churchewardens shall then also name & appointe foure days for thamending of the said Waies, before the feast of the Nativitee of S* John Baptiste then next following; And shall openly in the Churche the next Sondaye after Easter give knowledg of the same iiij dayes, & upon the sayd days the Pochians shall endevor themselfes to thamending of the said wais, & shalbee chargeable theronto as followethe ; that ys to saye, Every pson for every Plowlande in Tillage or Pasture, that he or she shall occupye in the same pishe, & every other pson keping there a Draught or Plowghe, shall finde & sende at every daye & place to be appointed for thamending of the Ways in that pishe as ys aforesaid, one Wayne or Carte furnished after the Costume of the Cuntrey, withe Oxen Horses or other Cattell, & all other necessaryes, meete to cary things convenient for that purpose, & also twoo liable men w,b the same, upon payne of every Draught making defaulte x s; and every other Housholder, & also every Cotagier & Labourer of that Pishe liable to labour, & being no hyred Servante by the yere, shall by themselfes or one sufficient Laborer for every of them, upon every of the said foure days, woorck and travayle in thamendement of the sayd Higheways, upon payne of every pson making Defaulte to lose for every day xij d; And yf the Cariages of the Pishe or any of them shall not be thought nedefull by the Supvisors to bee occupyed upon any of the said days, that then every [suche *] pson that shoulde have sent any suche Cariage, shall sende to the said woorck for every Cariage so spared twoo liable men there to labour for that daye, upon payne to lose for every Man not so sent to the

1 or 0.

* 0. omits.

I

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 8,9,

285

said woorck xij d. And every peon Sc caryage abovesaid shall have & bryng w,h them suche Shovels Spades Pikes Mattockes 8c other Tooles Sc Instruments as they doo make their owne Diches & Fences w^all, & suche as bee necessarie for their said worck: And all the said psons & cariagf shall doo & kepe their woorck as they shalbee appoynted by the said Supervisors or one of them, eight houres of every the said days, unles they shalbee otherways licensed by the said Supvisors or, one of them.

And Bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Stewarde & Stewardes of every Leete or Lawedaye shall therin have full power 8c aucthoritee tenquire by thothes of the Sutors, of all & every thoffences that shalbee comitted w'"in the Leete or Lawedaye against every Pointe 8c Article of this Estatute, and tassesse suche reasonable Fynes 8c Amertiamentes for the same as shalbee thought meete by the said Stewarde: And in default of suche enquirye or pntement, the Justices of Peace of every Place or Coutie shall have aucthoritee tenquire of the same Offences, w* shalbee comitted w'»in the lymites of their Comission at every their Quarter Sessions, and tassesse suche Fines therfore as they or twoo of them, wherof one to bee of the Quoru, shall thinck meete: And the Stewarde of every Leete 8c Lawedaye shall make Estreates endented of all the Fynes Forfeitures 8c Amertiamentes for the defaultes pnted before him, and shall delyver thone pte therof sealed 8c signed by him to the Bailif or Highe Constable of every Hundred Rape Lathe or Wapentake, wherin the defaultes shalbee pnted, and thother half to the Constable 8c Churchewardens of the pishe wherin the defaultes was made, the same to bee yerely delivered w,hin syxe weekes after the feast of S' Mighell tharchaungell. And the Clarck of the Peace shall make the like Estreates endented of

the Fynes Forfeitures 8c AiQciam’f for the defaultes pnted before the Justices of Peace, 8c shall seale subscribe 8c

delyver the same in like sort as is aforesayd, The wch Estreates 8c every of them shalbee a sufficient Warrante to the said Bailif or Cheife Constable, to levye the said Amertyamentes Fines Sc Fofeitures by waye of distresse: And yf no sufficient Distres can bee founde by the sayd Bailief or Head Constable, Or yf the said Offendo' shall obstinatlye refuse to paye the said Amertiament Fine or Forfeyture, and doo not paye the same wlhin twentye days after a lawfull demaunde of the same by the said Officer, that then every suche pson to forfeit the doble some that he shoulde before have payde.

And Bee yt further enacted, That every of the said Bayliefes 8c Head Constables, shall at the least ones every yere, betwext the first daye of Marche and the last day of Aprill, make a true accompte 8c paymente of all suche somes of money to the Constable 8c Churchwardens of every pishe wherin thoffences was comitted or to twoo of them

as hee shall have collected upon any of thaforesaid Estreates, upon payne to forfeite for every tyme he shall not

so doo fourty shillinges.

And Bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That all Fynes Amertiamentes & Forfeytures wch shalbee due for any Offence against the purveye of this Estatute, shalbee to the Churchewardens of every pishe wherin thoffences shall be comitted, to bee bestowed of the Higheways in the said pishes; And the sayd Churchewardens shall have authoritee to call the sayd Bailyf 8c Head Constable taccompte, before the Justices of Peace or twoo of them, wherof one to bee of the Quoru, by Byll Informacftn or otherwise; The wch Justices shall have aucthoritee to take the said accompt, 8c to comitte the sayd Bayly| or Head Constable to Pryson, there to remayne untill he shall paye all suche arrerages as shalbee adjudged by the said Justices : And every of the said Bailifes Sc Head Constables, upon theyr Accomptes, shall have allowed for ev*y Pounde he shall collecte Sc paye viij d. for his owne paines, and xij d. for the Fees of the Clerck of the Peace or Stuarde of the Leete, for thestreates endented of every severall pishe that they shall delyver as ys aforesaid; and the successo" of ev'y Churchewardons shall have the like Ac£6n of Accompt against their predecesso" as ys before apoynted against the Baylifes: This Acte to contynewe for seven yeeres next after the begynnyng of thys Parlyament, and to the ende of the nexte Plyament then nexte followyng.

II.

Fines upon Parithionen for Neglect, in Leets and Quarter Sessions.

III. Constables shall levy and account for Fines.

IV.

Fines shall be applied to mending Highways:

Allowance for Collection of Fines.

Continuance of this Act.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte to make voyde dyvers Lycences of Houses wherin unlawfull Games bee used.

MOST humbly besechethe the Queenes most excellent Highnes, yo' loving 8c obedient Subjectes the Comons in Evils from licensed this yo' pnte Pliament assembled, That where by reason of dyvers sundry Lycences heretofore granted to Gaming Houses: divers psons, aswell w"‘in the Citie of London 8c the Suburbs of the same as also in divers other places w^in yo'

Highnes Realme, for the having maintayning Sc keping of Houses Gardens Sc Places for Bowlyng Tenyse Dysyng

White Sc Blacke Making Sc Marryng, 8c other unlaufull Games, prohibited by the Lawes 8c Statutes of this Realme,

divers 8c many unlaufull Assemblies Conventicles Sedictins 8c Conspiracies have 8c bene daily secretly practised by

ydle 8c misruled psons repairing to such places, of the w1* Robberies 8c many other Misdemeanours have ensued to

the breache of yo’ Highnes Peace: For Remedie wherof it may please yo' Highnes that it may bee enacted by All Licnne. to

your Highnes the Lordes Spuall 8c Temporall, and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, That from and after j^"£r|.dCy0^ou,e,

the Feast of the Birthe of our Lorde God [now1 ] next coming, every Lycense Placarde or Grante made to any pson

or psons for the having mayntenance or keping of any Bowling Alleys Dysing Houses, or any other unlaufull Games

prohibited by the Lawes Sc Statutes of this Realme, shalbee from the said Feast utterly voide 8c of none effecte.

1 0. omits.

4 D

286

2? & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 10,11.

A.D. 1555.

chapter X.

An Acte to take thexaminaeon of Prysoners suspected of Manslaughter or Felonye.

Recital of Stat. i, a P. k M. c. 13.

requiring Examination of Prisoners for Manslaughter or Felony, when bailed by Justices of Peace:

Like Examination shall take place when Prisoners are committed.

WHERE in the last Pliament holden at Westm, amongest other things it was enacted, That suche Justices of the Peace as have aucthoritee to bayle any Prysoners brought before them, for any Manslaughter or Felonye, before any Bailement or Mainprice shoulde take thexaminaeftn of the said Prisoner, & informac&n of them that bring him, of the facte & circumstances therof, and the same or asmuche therof as shalbee materiall to prove the Felony, shall put in writing before they make the same Bailement, w'h said examinacbn together w,h the said Bailement, the said Justices should certefie at the nexte generall Gaole Deliverie to bee holden w'Hn the limites of their Comission; as by the same Act more plainly is coteined & may appeare: And Forasmuche as the said Acte dothe not extende to suche Prisoners as shalbee brought before any [Justices1 ] of Peace for Manslaughter or Felonye, and by suche Justice shalbee comitted to Warde for the suspic&n of suche Manneslaughter or Felony, and not bayled, in w16 case examinacon of suche Prysoner, & of suche as shall bring him, is as necessarie or reither more, then where suche Prysoner shalbee lett to Bayle or Mayneprice: Bee yt therefore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That from hensforthe suche Justices or Justice before whom any peon shalbee brought for Manslaughter or Felony, or for suspicion therof, before hee or they shall comitt or sende suche Prisoner to Warde, shall take thexaminac&n of suche Prisoner, and informaf&n of those that bring him, of the facte and circumstance therof, and the same or asmuche therof as shalbee materiall to prove the Felonye shall put in writing, within twoo dayes after the said examynafon, and the same shall certefie in suche maner & fourme and at suche tyme as they shoulde & ought to doo yf suche Prysoner so comitted or sent to Warde had been bayled or lett to Maynprice, upon suche payne as in the said former Acte ys limited and appointed for not taking or not certefieng suche examinations as in the said former Acte ys expressed.

II.

Witnesses shall be bound to appear, &c.

And Bee yt further enacted, That the said Justices shall have aucthoritee by this Acte to bynde all suche by Recognisaunce or Obligation, as doo declare any thing materiall to prove the said Manslaughter or Felony, against suche Prisoner as shalbee so comitted to warde, tappeare at the next generall Gaole Delyverie to be holden w,hin the Countie Citie or Towne Corporate, wher the trial! of the said Manslaughter or Felony shalbee, then & there to give evidence against the ptie; And that the sayd Justices shall certefie the sayd Bondes taken before them, in lyke maner as they shoulde & ought to certefie the Bandes mentioned in the said former Acte, upon the payne as in the said former Acte ys mentyoned for not certefyeng such Bondes, as by the sayd former Acte ys lymited & appoynted to bee certefied.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte touching Weavers.

Oppression of Weavers by Clothiers:

No Clothier out of a City shall keep mure than One Woollen Loom.

FORASMUCHE AS the Weavers of this Realme have, aswell at this pnte Pliament as at divers other tymes, complayned that the riche & welthie Clothyers doo many ways oppres them, some by setting up and keping in their houses divers Loomes, and keping & maynteyning them by Journeymen & psons unskilfull, to the decaye of a greate nomber of Artificers wch were brought up in the said Scyence of Weaving, their Families & Housholde, some by ingrossing of Loomes into theyr handes & possession, and letting them out at suche unreasonable Rentes as the poore Artificers are not liable to mayntayne themselfes, muche les their Wyefes Famulie & Children, some also by gyving muche les wages & hyer for the weaving & worckmanshipp of [Clothe * ] then in tymes past they did, wherby they are enforced utterly to forsake their Arte & Occupac&n wherin they have been brought uppe : It is therfore, for Remedye of the Premisses, and for thadvoiding of a greate nomber of inconveniences w'* may growe (yf in tyme yt bee not forseen) Ordeyned established & enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam*, That no pson using the feate or Misterie of Clothe makyng and dwellyng out of a Citie Burghe Market Towne or Corporate Towne, shall from the Feast of S' Mighell tharchaungell nowe next ensuing, kepe reteyne or have in his or their House or Possession any more or above one Wollen Loome at one tyme, nor shall by any meanes directly or indirectly receyve or take any maner Profit Gayne or Comodi tie by letting or setting any Loome, or any House wherin any Loome ys or shalbee used & occupied, w11* shalbee togethers by him set or let, upon payne of forfeiture for every week that any pson shall do contrarye to the teno' & true meaning hereof xx s.

II.

No Woollen Weaver out of Cities, &c. shall have more than Two Looms.

And Bee it further ordeined & enacted by like aucthorite, That no Wollen Weaver using or exercising the feate or Mistery of Weaving, & dwelling out of Citie Burghe Market Towne or Towne Corporate, shall after the said Feast have or kepe at any one time above the nomber of Twoo Wollen Loomes, or receyve any Profite Gayne or Cdmoditie, directly or indirectly as is aforesaid, by any more then Twoo Loomes at one tyme, upon payne to forfeite for every Week that any pson shall offende or doo to the contrary xxs.

1 Justice 0.

* Clothes O.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 11, 12.

287

a

v

lit

k

n

It

li

k

k

ik

k

E

tl

P

And yt ys further ordeined 8t enacted by like aucthorite, That no pson wch shall after the said Feast, use exercyse or occupie onelye the Feate or Mysterye of a Weaver, & not clothemaking, shall during the tyme that he shall use the Feate or Misterye of a Weaver, kepe or have any Tucking Mill, or shall use or exercise the Feate or Misterye of a [Tucking Mill'] or Dyer, upon payne to forfeite for every Week that he shall so doo xxs.

And yt ys further (*) enacted by like aucthoritee, That no pson wch after the sayd Feast shall use exercise or occupie the Feat or Misterie of a Tucker or' Fuller, shall during the time that he shall so use y* sayd Feate or Misterie, kepe or have any Loome in his House or Possession, or shall directly or indirectly take anny Profit or Comoditie by the same, upon paine to forfeite for every Week xx s.

And yt ys further ordeyned & enacted by like aucthoritee, That no pson whatsoever, w* heretofore hathe not used or exercised the Feate Misterie or Arte of Clothe making, shall after the said Feast, make or weave or cause to bee made or woven any kynd of Brode White Wollen Clothes, but onely in a Citie Burghe Towne Corporate or Market Towne, or els in suche Place or Places where suche Clothes have been used to bee comonlj made by the space of Tenne Yeres next before the making this Acte; upon payne of forfeiture for every Clothe otherwyse made Fyve Powndes.

Provided always and bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That it shall not bee laufull to any pson or psons beyng a Weaver, or that dothe or shall use Tharte or Misterie of a Weaver or Weaving, duelling out of a Citie Burghe Towne Corporate or Market Towne, to have in his & their service any more or above the nomber of Twoo Apprentises at one tyme; upon payne to forfeite for every tyme that he shall offende or doo contrarye to this Branche or Article the s5me of Tenne Powndes.

And further be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yt shall not bee laufull to or for any pson or p6ons to sett up the Arte or Misterie of Weaving, after the sayd Feast of S' Mighell, unles the same p6on or psons so setting up the same Arte or Misterie of Weaving, have bene apprentice to the same Arte or Misterie, or exercised the same, by the space of vij yeeres at the least; upon payne of Twentye Poundes to bee forfeited to the Kyng & Quenes Ma"" her Graces heyres or successoures, thone moietie of all w* forfeitures shalbee to the King & Quenes Highnes her heires [8c3 ] successours, and thother moyetie to him or them that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde by Action of Debte Byll Playnte or Informac&n, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Proteccion shalbee admitted or allowed for the defendant.

(4) Provided alwais and bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall in any wais extende or bee prejudiciall to any pson or psons that dothe or shall dwell in the Counties of Yorck Cumberlande Northumberlande or Westmerlande; but that they and every of them shall 8c may have and kepe Loomes in theyr Houses, and doo & exercise all & every thing & thinges for or concerning spynnyng weavyng dotheworcking & clothemaking in the sayd Counties, as they or any of them might have done or exercised laufully before the makyng of this Estatute j Any thing conteyned in this Estatute to the contrarye in any ways notwithestandyng.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the vieuyng and seling of Clothes called Bridgewaters.

WHERE before this tyme the Bourghes & Townes of Bridgewater Taunton & Charde in the Countie of Somersetshere, have been well & substantially inhabited occupied mainteyned & upholden for the most parte by reason of y' making of Wollen Clothes comonly called Bridgewater Taunton & Charde Clothes, wth in tymes past were muche desired aswell beyonde the Seas as in this Realme of Englande, and therby thynhabytantes & poore people of y* said Burghes and Townes and of the Countrey there aboutes were dayly set on worck & had sufficient lyving by the same; And where also the said Townes were in times past of greate force & strengthe to serve the Kyng & Quenes Highnes Progenytors & Auncesters Kings of this Realme j Forasmuche as of late [ days5 ] dyvers psons inhabiting & dwelling in the Villagies Hamlettes & small Townes of Husbandrye in the said Countie of Somerset, w'" were never Prentices or skylfull in making of the said Clothes, aswell for their private Wealthes & Comodities, as also bycause they woulde bee out of due searche of their Clothes to bee made according to the Statute therfore provided, not regarding the Maynten'nce of the said Burghes & Townes, nor the Comon Welthe of thehandycraftes men 8c other poore People w£l’ cheifly had their lyving 8c sustenance by making of the said [Clothe,4 J have of late days exercised used & occupyed the Misteries of clothemaking weaving fullyng 8c shearing w^yn their Houses, and have so deceyptfiilly made wrought and stretched the said Clothes, to thinfamye & sclander of Clothemaking, in suche sorte 8c maner that not onely the same sortes of Clothes ar growen out of estimac&n, but also the said Townes are in grete decaye ruyne 8c depopulac&n : For Remedy wherof bee yt enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That no pson whatsoever inhabityng or wch shall hereafter inhabyte w"4n the said Countie, shall after the Feast of the Purificac6n of our Lady next cdming comonly called Candlemas, put to sale any kynde of suche Clothes as ys aforesaid, or Clothes of like nature making 8c sorte made or to bee made w^in the said Countie, except suche Clothe bee first vieued searched 8c sene in one of the Burghes or Townes aforesaid, whether

1 Tucker, Fuller 0. * ordeyned and 0. 1 or O.

4 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 0. omits. 4 Clothes O.

III.

No Weaver shall have a Tucking Mill.

IV.

No Tucker or Fuller shall have any Loom.

V.

New Clpthiers shall make Cloths only in Cities, See.

VI.

Weavers out of Cities shall have only Two Apprentices.

VII. None shall be a Weaver without having served at Apprentice.

VIII. Proviso for the Northern Counties.

Decay of Bridgewater, See. by making of Cloths in Villages;

No Cloths made in Somersetshire shall be sold unless viewed at Bridgewater, fee.

by

288

2°&3°Phil. & Mar. c. 12—14.

A.D. 1555.

and sealed as under the same bee perfectly & truly made according to the Statute; and also y' y* same bee sealed w"’ the Seale of one on6p^nWofVI' C‘6' o{ the aid Burghes or Townes, in suche sorte maner & fourme as in the Statute made in the fifte yere of the reigne

Forfeiture of of our late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Edoarde the Syxte, intitled An Acte for the trewe making of Wollen Clothe, ys

the Cloth. for seaiyng of Clothes provided 8c enacted; upon payne that every pson offending or doing contrary to the true meaning

of this Acte, shall forfeite the Clothe solde or the Value therof, the Moyetie of all wcl1 forfeitures shalbee to

our Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye the King & Quenes Ma*f, theyres & successours of the Quenes Ma'*, and thother half to him or them that will sue for the same, in any of the King & Quenes Ma*f Courte of Recorde, her heires & successors, wherin no Essoigne Proteccon or Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted or allowed.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for thinhabitantes of Halyfaxe touching the byeng of Woolles.

St. 5, 6E.VI. c. 7.

regulating the buying of Wools, prejudicial to Halifax

Inhabitants there may buyWool, and retail it to poor Folks to work, &c.

FORASMUCHE as the Paryshe of Halyfaxe and other places theronto adjoyning, being planted in the grete Wastf and Moores where the fertilite of Grounde ys not apte to bring for the any Corne nor good Grasse, but in rare places, and by exceading & greate Industrye of thinhabitantes; and the same Inhabitantes altogether doo lyve by Clothemaking, & the greate pte of them neither gettethe Come nor (1) liable to kepe a Horse to carry Woolles, nor yet to bye muche Wooll at once, but hathe ever used onely to repayre to the Towne of Halyfaxe, & some other nigh theronto, & ther to buy upon the Woolldriver some a stone some twoo 8c some three or foure, according to their Habilitee, and to carye the same to their Houses some iij, iiij, v, & vj myles of, upon their Headdes & Backes, and so to make & convene the same eyther into Yarne or Clothe, and to sell the same, & so to buy more Wooll of the Wooldryver; By meanes of w* industrye the barreyn Grondf in those ptes be nowe muche inhabited & above fyve hundrethe Householdes there newly increased w"‘in theis fourtye yeares past, wd‘ nowe are like to bee undone 8e dryven to Beggery, by reason of the late Estatute made that takethe awaye the Wooldryver, so that they cannot nowe have theyr Wooll by suche small porCons as they were wont to have; And that also thei are not liable to kepe any Horses wherupon to ryde or sett theyr Woolles further from them in other places, unlesse sume Remedie maye bee provided: For Remedie wherof bee yt enacted by the Kyng & Queenes Ma" by the Lordes Spuall & Temporall & Comons in this pnte Pliament & by thaucthorite of the same, That from hensforthe yt shalbee

laufull to any pson or psons, inhabyting wlhin the pishe of Halyfaxe, to buye any Wooll or Woolles at suche

tymes as the Clothyers may bye the same, otherwise than by ingrosing & forstalling; so that the psons so byeng the same, doo carye or cause to bee caryed the said Woolles so bought by them to the Towne of Halyfaxe,

& there to sell the same to suche poore folkes of that 8c other pishes adjoynyng as shall worck the same in Clothe or

Yarne (to theyr knowledge) and not to the riche 8c welthye (*) nor to any other to sell agayne : And yf either the said Woolldryver shall sell his sayd Woolles at any other place for the of the said Towne of Halyfaxe, or yf any suche shall bye theyr Woolles at Halyfaxe shall sell theyr Woolles that they bought agayne unwrought in Yame or Clothe, that then every suche Offendo' to lose & forfeite the dooble value of the Wooll so solde or uttered ; Thone [half*] therof to bee to the King & Quenes MaUc* her heires & successors Kings of this Realme, and thother moitie to him [or4 ] them that will sue for the same in any of the Kyng & Quenes Ma,ie* Courtes of Recorde, or before the Justices of Peace in their Sessions; who by vertue hereof in their open Sessions shall have aucthoritie upon informacon to heare & determyne the same, and to make proces against thoffenders as in any other case to be determyned before them.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the Reedifieng of iiij Milles nere the Cide of Hereforde.

Malicious Dejtruction in

ip H. VIII, of Two Com Mills and Two Fulling Mills belonging to the Dean, &c. of Hereford, on the Hirer Wye j

SHEWEN unto yo' Ma* yo' humbe Supplyantes the Dean & Chapter of the Cathedrall Churche in the Citie of Hereforde, and also the Mayo' & Comynaltie of the sayd Cytie, that where untill the xixlh yere of the reigne of the late Kyng of famous memorie Kyng Henry theight, the Dean & Chapter of the said Cathedrall Churche then beyng, were seased in their Demeasne as of Fee, as in the right of the sayd Churche, of & in twoo Come Milles, & twoo fullyng Mylles sett upon the Ryver of Wye, w,hyn one quarter of a mile of the said Citie, w0* the water comyng to 8c goyng from the sayd Milles, and also w'h a Weare upon the same Ryver then belonging to the said Milles; w* Mylles tyme out of mynde were and have been so beneficiall for thinhabitantes of the sayd Cide, that therby Clothemaking was there greatly encreased, and verie muche people there inhabyting sett on worck, as Weavers Fullers Walkers Spyners & Carders, wherby the said Citie was well occupyed, & thinhabitantes thereof then very Welthye 8c Riche, and so continued unrill the said xix'1' yere of the said late King Henry theight; at wc" tyme by wrongfull suggestion made to the sayd late Kyng, upon malice borne to the said Dean & Chapter, and by a pryvate letter from the said late Kyng by sinister meanes opteyned, all the said foure Milles were throwen downe & destroyed; By reason wherof the Clothemaking in the sayd Citie utterly ceassed, and therby the same Citie hathe rune in such extreame ruyne 8c decaye that the people ther inhabityng (who before that tyme were there well occupyed in the mysteries aforesaid)

• is 0.

* Clothier O.

5 moytie 0.

* and 0.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 14, 15.

289

h,

*if

ik

T

k

ii

n

k

ii

I

i

I!

t

i

i

i

k

i

arre nowe not liable for lacke of Worck to gett theyr owne lyving, to their utter impoverishing & defacing of the said Citye, w* ys nowe so fylled with suche nomber of Poore as maye not bee relieved there, onlesse Clothemaking bee there set foorthe and maynteyned as it was before, w1* greatlye shoulde increase agayne yf the sayd sour Milles, or other for them, were reedyfyed and buylded: It maie therfore please yo- Ma" that it maye bee enacted by yo' Ma'f the Lordes Spuall 8c Temporail and the C5mons in this pnte PI yam' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That at any tyme hereafter yt shalbee laufull to the said Dean and Chaptei of the sayd Cathedrall Churche of Hereforde for the tyme being or their Fermo" or Assignees, to builde reedifye 8c sett up, or cause to bee buylte reedified 8c sett upp of newe in the places where the said Milles were buylded, or as nere to the sayd places as conveniently maye bee, so yt bee upon the Soile or Grounde of the said Dean 8c Chapter, sour other sufficient Milles, that is to say, Twoo Come Milles 8c Twoo Fulling Milles; And that from the tyme that the said foure Milles in forme aforesayd shalbee sufficiently builded and sett uppe, the said Dean 8c Chapter 8c theyr successoures shall 8c maye bee seased of the said Milles, 8c of the Water c5ming to and going from the said Milles, and of the fishing in the same Water, and the Wayes and Pathes leading to the same Milles, and of the saide Weare, Of suche Estate as the said Dean 8c Chapter, then being at the tyme that the said Milles or any of them were throwen downe or destroyed, were seased of the said other Milles, and of the sayd Waters Fishinges Wayes Pathes 8c Weare belonging to the said sour Milles, or any of them.

And that yt may bee further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That the said Dean 8c Chapter of the said Cathedrall Eight Year* Churche for the time being, their Ferme" or Assignes, shall have tyme to builde 8c set up or cause to bee buylt 8c sett «uch

upp the said iiij Milles in maner 8c fourme aforesaid, w,hin the space of viij yeres next after the first day of this pnte Plyament: Saving unto all and every pson 8c psons Bodies Politike 8c Corporate their heires 8c successoures, other General Saving, then the said Dean and Chapter and their successoures, all suche Rightes States Titles 8c Interestes vr* they or any of them had or ought to have of and in the premisses, oi any of them, before the sayd Milles were throwne downe and destroyed, in suche maner 8c fourme as thoughe this Acte had never been had or made.

The Dean, Sec. may rebuild the said Mill*, and be •cited of their ancient Estate therein.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte that Purveyoures shall not take Victalles w,hin v. miles of Cambridge or Oxforde.

HUMBL1E sue to yo' Ma"", The Societies Colleges and Companies of yo' trewe and faithefull Subjectes 8c dayly Oratours the Scollers and Studentes of bothe yo' Ma" Unyversities, Cambridge 8c Oxforde; That where yt hathe been accustomed tyme out of mynde that bothe the said Market Townes of Cambridge 8c Oxforde, wherin the said twoo Universities be sett, and the circuite of fyve myles next adjoynyng, hathe been free from any chardge or molestacon of any comon Takers or Pourveyours for Victuall, wherby the said Marketts were more plentifullie served w"‘ Victual), and the poore estate of a greate Multytude of Scollers having verie bare 8c small sustentac&n therby relieved; And nowe by the meanes that, contrary to the same laudable Custome, divers Purveyoures and Takers have of late excessively frequented the said Marketts, and therby given occasion to make the VictuaJIs bothe more skante 8c muche dearer, to a notorious decay of Scollers, w* also daily in this greate Dearthe is like tencrease 8c be more lamentable, to the hindrance of Gods Service, the Dishono* of the Realme, the Discomforte of all good 8c holy Men loving learning 8c vertue : It maie therfore please yo' Ma’1" of yo' greate pitie 8c habundant favo' 8c love towardes yo’ said Two Universities, being the verie twoo onely Noursses of good learning in this Realme, w‘h thassent of the Lordes Spuall 8c Tempall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, Tenacte ordeyne and establishe, that from hensforthe no maner of Purveyo' Taker Badger [Loder1] or other Minister, may or shall take or bargayne for any kynde of Victuall or Grayne in any of the said Markettes or Townes of Cambrige and the Citie of Oxforde, nor shall take or bargayne for any Victuall wthin the compasse of fyve myles therto adjoyning, w,hout the consent agreament or good will of thowner or owners; Neither shall atteinpte to carrye take awaye or bargayne for any maner of Grayne or other Victuall bought or provyded w,hin the said space of fyve miles, by any comon Minister of any Colledge Hostell or Hall to bee spent w"'in any of the sayd Colledges Hostelles or Halles; upon payne of the forfeyture of the quadruple value of any suche manner Grayne or Victuall so taken or bargayned for, in any of the sayd Markettes or w"*in the sayd space of five miles, against the will of thowners as ys abovesayd, or attempted to bee taken caryed awaye or bargayned for, being provided as ys abovesayd for to bee spent in any the Colledges Hostelles or Halles; and further shall suffer Imprisonement for the space of three monethes w^out Bayle or Mayneprise: And that the Chancellour or Vice Chancello', or his Comissarie for the time being, in either of the sayd Unyversities, w'" twoo Justices of Peace of the Cowntye wherin the said Unyversities bee sett, shall have full power by aucthoritee of this Acte to enquire by thothes of twelve Men of 8c upon the defaultes 8c offences comitted contrarye to the tenor therof, and to see due punishement and reformac&n therof in forme aforesayd from tyme to tyme; Thone halfe of w* foresayd forfeytures to bee to the comon treasure of either the said Unyversityes respecdvelye to the faulte comitted ageinst this their Priviledge, Thother halfe to the prie that will sue for the same by Acfftn of Dett Byll Playnte or otherwise in any Courte of Recorde, or before the foresayd Chancello' hys Vyce Chauncello' or Comissarie for the tyme beyng, and twoo Justices of Peace, as ys before expressed.

Cambridge ami Oxford, within Fixe Mile* Circuit, freed by Custom from Purveyance, lately enforced there;

No Purveyance shall be made there; on Penalty of Quadruple Value, and Three Month*' Imprisonment;

Vice Chancellor. Stc. may determine Offences.

1 Looder O.

Voi_ IV.

4 E

290

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 15,16,

A.D. 1555.

ii.

Act shall be suspended during the Royal Residence.

III. Saving for Liberties of the Corporations.

Provided, That this Acte shall not be put in execuc&n at any tyme or tymes whensoever yo' Ma’1" or the heires or successoures of yo' Ma'" our Sovereigne Ladie, shall please to come to any of bothe the said Unyversities, or w"4n seven miles of either of them, but shalbee in suspense during that time onely & not longer.

(*) Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte or any thing therin coteined shall not in any wise bee prejudicial! or hurtfull to the Mayo' Baylyefes & Comynaltie of the Citye of Oxforde, nor to the Mayo' and Cominaltie of the Towne of Cambridge, or to their successors, for and concerning any of their Lyberties or Priviledges; but that they and every of them, and their successors respectively, maye have and use the same in suche maner & fourme as they or any of them myght or ought to have done before the making of this Acte; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notw'standing.

Evils resulting from unskilful Watermen on the River Thames, who, in Time of pressing for the Sea Service, withdraw themselves.

May or and Aldermen of London shall

yearly appoint Eight Overseers of Watermen between Gravesend and Windsor.

II.

Where Two Watermen row together, unless One is licensed by such Overseers,

Penalty,

One Month's Imprisonment.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte towching Watermen and Bargemen upon the Ryver of Thamys.

WHEREAS heretofore for lack of good Govemement & due order amongst Whirimen 8c Watermenne exersising using & occupyeng Rowyng upon the Ryver of Thamys, there have divers & many missfortunes & myschanses happened & chaunced of late yeres past, to a greate nomber of the King & Quenes Subjectes, aswell to the Nobilitee as to other the Comon People that have passed & repassed and been carried by Water, by reason of the rude yngnorant & unskilfull nomber of Watermen, wch for the most pte been masteries men and single men, of all kyndes of occupac&ns 8c faculties wch doo worcke at their owne handes, and many boyes beyng of small age and of lytle skyll, and beyng psons out of the rule and obedyence of any honest Master 8c Governo', and doo for the most pte of their tyme use Dycyng 8c Carding & other unlaufull Games, to the greate 8c evill example of other suche lyke, and against the Comonwelthe of this Realme; And all whiche sayd evill & ingnorant psons in the tyme of Prestyng by Comyssion for the Service of the Kynge and Quenes most Ryall Mall" upon the Sea, for that they have no knowen place of abydyng, doo for the moste pte absent & convey themselfes into the Countrye and other secrett places, practising there Robbryes k Felonies and other evill [8c’] detestable factes, to the greate annoyance of the C5monwelthe, and so after the said Comyssion of Presting ended, oftymes the said evill psons doo repayre agayne to their former trade of Rowyng, colouring their evill Deeds; And also dyvers of them being verie yngnorant, for lacke of convenyent tyme of learning & exercyse in the w* they might obteyne sufficient knowledg of their occupac&n, doo oftentymes presume & enterprise to receyve dyvers of our said Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye the King and Quenes Ma'f loving Subjectes into their Botes & Whyries, and doo carye & convey their said Subjectes from place to place by Water upon the said Ryver of Thamys, wherby dyvers psons have been robbed and spoyled of their Gooddes and also drowned; And for k by thoccasion aforesayd bee dayly put in feare and pill of their lyves, the wch ys very lamentable and not [to1] be pmitted or suffredd in any Comonwelthe; And by reason also that a greate nomber and the most pte of the Whines & Boates nowe occupied & used and of late tyme made for Rowing upon the said Ryver, been made so litle 8c small in [porcSn,4] and so [streight5] & narrowe in the bottome, varyeng muche from tholde substantyall sorte & sure makyng of Boates & Whiries w* was used before the space of twentye yeres last past, insomuche as the most pte of the Boates & Whiries used at this daye been so shallowe 8c tickle that therby greate pill & danger of drowning hathe many tymes ensued & dayly ys lyke tensue, oneles some spedye Remedye bee hereyn had and provided: For Reformation wherof, Bee yt enacted by the Kyng & Quenes Ma'", the Lordes Spuall 8c Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That there shalbee yerely appointed chosen & elected by the Maio' & Courte of Aldreinen of the Citie of London for the time beinge, the nomber of eight psons. of the most wise discrete & best sorte of Watermen, being Housholders & occupieng as Watermen upon the said Ryver betwen Gravesende & Wyndsore, w* elecc&n shalbee yerely at the firste Cowrte of Aldermen to bee holden w^in the said Citie next after the first daye of Marche, and the same viij"1 psons so elected, shalbee named & called The Overseers and Rulers of all the Whirimen & Watermen that from and after the said first day of Marche shall use occupie or exercise any Rowing upon the said River of Thamys betwexte Gravesende & Wyndsore aforesaid, wrt said Overseers 8c Rulers shall kepe 8c maynteyne good order k obedience amongest the said Watermen, according to the true meanyng of this present Acte.

And also bee yt further enacted by thauthoritee aforesaid, That after the Feast of Pentecost next coming, no pson nor psons, wher twoo Watermen and not above the nomber of twoo shall rowe together in one Boate or Whirye, in any place or places betwexte Gravesende & Wyndesore aforesaid, shall presume or enterprise to receyve or take any pson or psons into his or their Boate or Whyrie, to thintent to carye or conveye him or them theryn, unles one of the same twoo Watermen have bene for the most parte exercysed 8c used in Rowing upon the sayd Ryver of Thamys by the space of twoo hole yeres before that tyme; And that also one of the same twoo Watermen at the least bee dulie admitted k allowed by the same viij"1 Overseers 8c Rulers or the most pte of them, by writing under theyr knowen Seale, to bee a sufficient 8c liable Waterman; upon paine that every pson 8c psons presuming or offending contrary to the true meaning of this pnte Acte, shall by the said viij* Overseers [or6] Rulers, be committed to prison in one of the Counters of the Citie of London, there to remaine by the space of one monethe or les as thoffence shall require.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * pporcon sleyght 0.

» O. omits. O. omits.

# and O.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 16.

291

s

•Hi

«»*

lb

b

tit

it

n

k,

a

4

And bee yt also further enacted, That no pson nor psons beyng syngle men, not kepyng Householde and not rcteyned, shall from and after the sayd Feast of Pentecoste next comyng, use or exercise to Rowe betwen Gravesende 8c Wyndsore aforesaid, unles hee or they bee Prentyse or Premises, or in fvice reteyned w,k a Master by the whole yere at the least, upon payne of lyke Imprysonement.

And also bee yt further enacted, That the Lorde Maior of London, and the Aldermen of the same Citie, and the Justices of Peace w,hin the Shyres next adjoyning to the said Ryver of Thamys, every of them w^in their severall Jurisdictions 8c Authorities, shall have full power & aucthoritie by vertue of this pnte Acte, upon complaint made to them or any of them by the said Overseers & Rulers or twoo of them, or the Maister or Maisters of any suche Servantes, not onely to examyne heare and determyne all Complaintes & Offencf to bee done or comiited by any suche pson or psons that shall offende contrary to the true meaning of this pnte Acte, and to set at large all 8c every suche pson 8c psons as shall fortune to bee imprysoned by the said Overseers & Rulers according to this Acte, yf just cause shall appere unto them so to doo, but also by theyr good discretions 8c wysdome to punyshe correcte 8c reforme the said Overseers and Rulers & every of them, that shall unjustly or w^out good cause or grounde punishe any psone or psons. by colour of this pnte Acte or any thing theryn conteyned.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That yf any pson or psons whatsoever from hensforthe doo or shall make any Whirye or Boate, to thintent comonly to use Rowyng 8c carieng People upon the said Ryver of Thamys, w1* shall not bee xxij foote & a half in lengthe, and sour foote and a half broade in the mydshippe, or w* shall not bee substantially 8c well liable and sufficient to carye twoo psons on one syde tyght, according to tholde quantitie scantlyng thicknes of boorde goodnes & good proportyon heretofore had 8c used, that thep the same Boate or Boates so being made contrary to the proporc&n & sorte before expressed, shalbee taken as forfeite and shalbee forfeite, thone half therof to the King 8c Quenes Ma'1" our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladyes use, and to thuse of thevres 8c successours of the Quenes Ma"', and thother half to hym or them that will sue for the same in any of the King 8c Quenes Ma'* Courtes of Recorde, by Action of Detynue Bill Playnte Informac&n or otherways, wherin no wager of Lawe Essoigne Proteccbn or Injunction shalbee allowed for the Defendante.

And bee yt further enacted, That yf any pson or psons wc* from & after the said Feast shall use and exercyse thoccupac&n of Rowing [betwext1] Gravesende and Wyndsore aforesayd, wrh in the tyme of thexecucon of any Comission of Presting that shalbee hadd for the Service of the Kyng 8c Quenes Ma'1" 8t theires 8c successours of the Quenes Ma1* in theyr affayres, shall willingly voluntarily & obstinately w'Mrawe hyde or conveye him or themselfes in the same tyme of Prestyng into secret Places & out Corners, and after when suche tyme of Presting ys overpassed, shall retume & come agayne to the said River of Thamys to Rowe betwexte Gravesende 8c Windsore aforesaid, 8c that dulye proved by twoo indifferent Witnessbefore the said (*) Mayor and Courte of Aldermen or Justices of [the1] Peace 8c twoo of the sayd Rulers, that then he or they so doing 8c offending, shall suffer Imprisonement by the space of twoo weckes, and bee banished any more to Rowe fro thensforth upon the sayd Ryver of Thamys by the space of one whole yere and a daye then nexte followyng.

And bee yt further enacted, That yt shalbee laufull to the said Eight Rulers for the tyme being, and their successors from tyme to tyme, to convent 8c call before them at some convenient place by them to bee appoynted, all & every suche p6on 8c psons w* from & after the said Feast of Pentecost shall occupye 8c use the said trade Sc occupacon of Rowing [betwexte1] Gravesende 8c Windsore aforesaid, and shall enter & register the Name & Names of them 8c every of them that shall bee by them allowed or admitted for Watermen, to rowe [betwext’] Gravesende 8c Windesore aforesaid, in a Booke to bee made for the same intent 8c purpose, and to take suche further order 8c direction therin w,h every the said pties by thaucthoritee of this pnte Acte as yt shall seeme meete 8c necessarie by the discrec&n of the said Overseers and Rulers for the tyme beyng; And also that the sayd Overseers & Rulers shall & may by Aucthoritee of thys Acte, oversee vieu 8c surveye, at all 8c every time 8c tymes hereafter, all maner Boates & Whiries that shall from 8c after the said Feast bee made, before the said Boate or Boates Whirie or Whiryes bee lanched out of the Yarde or Grounde wherin the same Boate or Boates Whirye or Whiries shall fortune to bee made, into the said Ryver of Themys; to thintent that they 8c ev*y of them may bee

made & prepared in suche maner 8c forme, 8c according to the goodnes pporC&n 8c quantitie in this pnte Acte

before lymited 8c expressed.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons wch at any tyme hereafter

shalbee elected or chosen to bee a Ruler or Overseer as before ys expressed, doo happen necdygently to use 8e

exercise his or theyr Rowme or Place, Or that will obstinatly refuse to take upon him or them the Rowme or Rowmes Place or Places of any the said Overseers or Rulers, that then all 8c every suche Offender or Offenders so offending shall lose and forfaite the some of Fyve Poundes of laufull Moneye of Englande; the one halfe wherof shalbee to our sayd Sovereigne Lorde 8c Lady the King and Quenes Mal"‘ use, and to thuse of the heires 8c successors of the Quenes Ma1*, and thother halfe to hym or them that will sue for the same in any of the Kyng 8c Quenes Ma’f Courtes of Recorde, by Action of Debte or by any other the wayes or meanes above specified, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoigne Protecc&n or Injunctyon shalbe admitted or allowed for the defendant or defendantes.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That the sayd Maior 8c Courte of Aldermen of the said Citie of London for the tyme beyng shall from tyme to time at their dyscretyons, lymit sett 8c assesse the price 8c prises, and somes of money, that everye pson or psons so authorised to rowe as ys aforesayd, betwext Gravesende

III.

No tingle Mm dull row, unleu he be Apprentice, See.

IV.

Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of Peace, shall punish Offenders, and Overseers.

V.

Boats shall be of certain Length, Breadth, See. on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof.

VI.

Penalty on Watermen withdrawing during preuing, a Fortnight's Imprisonment, and a Year's Incapacity to act as Watermen.

VII. Overseers shall register Names of Watermen, See.

And shall survey all Boats before they art launched.

VIII.

Penalty on Overseers for Neglect or Refusal,

IX.

Fares shall be assessed by Court of Aldermen, and approved by the Privy Council:

1 betwene 0.

* Lorde 0.

9 O. omits.

292

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 16, IT.

A.D. 1555.

& Windesore aforesaid, shall take for his or their Labour or Fare, from place to place pticulerly betwexte Gravesende and Windesore aforesaid, and the same pryces & assessementes [to bee set'] shall bring or cause to bee brought to the Privie Coucell of our Sovcreigne Lorde & Ladye the Kyng & Quene, to bee vieued & sene by some of the said Privie Councell; and after that the said assessementes & prises shalbee signed & subscribed w*1 thandes of twoo of the said Pryvie Councell at the least, the sayd Maior & Court of Aldermen for the time being shall cause the said prises & assessementf to bee writton & sett up in Tables in the Guilde Hall in the Citie of London, Wesrin Hall, & elsewhere Penalty on taking where the said Mayo' & Courte of Aldermen shall thinck convenient: And every pson [&*] psons that shall take for

Fares, 4os'UC his (3) Fare or Labo' above the prises that shalbee (4) assessed vieued writton & set up in fourme aforesaid, shall forfaite

for every suche offence fourtye shillinges, and also shall suffer Imprisonem* by one ha'f yere, the one moitie of the said forfeyture to bee to the King & Quenes Ma'f their heires & successors, and thother Moitie therof to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the King & Quenes Majesties Courtes of Recorde, by action of debte, or by any other the waies or meanes above specified, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoine Protection or Injunction shalbee admitted or allowed for the defendant or defendantes.

X.

Servant!ofWe»tem And Bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson nor psons occupieng or using any Westeme retameTby the ^ Barge, shall retayne take or receyve into his or their service, any single pson not keping House or Housholde, but

Year, See. onely suche as shall bee reteyned withe him or them by the whole yere and no Housholder, but suche as he or they

will & shall aunswer for, for his or their good behavo'; upon payne of forfeiture for every suche Offence fourty shillingf, thone Moietie therof to bee to the King & Quenes Ma'f her heires & successors, and thother Moietie therof to him or them that will sue for the same in anye of the King & Quenes Courtes of Recorde by Action of Debte or by any other the waies or meanes above specified, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoine Protection or Injunction shalbee admitted or allowed for the defendant or defendantes.

Circumstances of malicious Prosecution and Murder of Giles Rulford by and at the Instigation of Ucnct Smith

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act to take away the Benefite of Clergie from Benet Sinythe for the Murther of Rufforde.

IN most humble wise shewethe unto yor most excellent Highnesses & to the Lordes & Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, yor true Subjecte & dayly Oratrice Margerie Rufforde widowe, late the Wief of Giles Rufforde late of Edlcsburghe in yor Graces Countie of Buckingham Esquier deceased; That where one Benedict Smithe late of Edlesburghe aforesaid Yeman, otherwise called Benet Smithe late of Edlesburghe in the said Countie of Buckingham Gentleman, of his cruell mynde and deadly malice & hatred wc" he the said Benedict had & dyd beare unto the sayd Gyles Rufforde, hee the said Benedicte in the Terme of Ester in the first yere of the reigne of yo' Highnes our sayd Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, did purchace & comence a Writte of Appeale of Robberie, returnable in yo' Highnes Benche cdmonly called the Kinges Benche, against the foresaid Gyles Rufforde & other psons, supposing by the same Writte & by the declaration therupon made, that the said Gyles Rufforde & thother psons named in the sayd Writt the seventhe day of Aprill in the said first yere, at Lytle Gaddesden in yor Graces Countie of Hartforde, dyd feloniouslye steale take & beare awaye from the pson of the said Benedicte, one Cloke a Velvet Purse xvj ti. x s. in money nombred & other thinges of the Money Gooddes and Cattelles of the said Benedicte; whereupon the said Gyles Rufforde & the said other psons named in the said Writt dyd appeare & were arraigned in the said Benche, & theronto pleaded not gylty, and therupon the said pties were at Issue, as by the Recordes there remayning in the said Benche playnly appearethe; The wch said issue not beyng tryed, the said Benedict Smithe, not ceasing texecute his said devilysh malice & crueltie but intending utterly to destroy the saide Giles Rufforde & the said other psons named in the sayd Writ, hee the said Benedicte together w"' John Godfrey of Edlesburghe aforesaid Yeman, the xxvijth daye of September in the first and seconde yeres of yo' Highnes Reignes, at Ware in the said Countye of Hertforde dyd falsely conspire tendite the said Giles Rufforde & the said other psons of the said Robbere & Felonye mentioned in the said Writt of Appeale; wherupon they the said Benedict & John Godfrey dyd then & there, before yo' Highneses Justices of generall Gaole Delyverye then & there holden, endite the said Giles Rufforde and the said other p6ons named in the said Appeale of the said Robberie and Felonye; upon wch saide Indictement the said Giles Rufforde was afterwarde then & there before the said Justices arraigned, & therunto dydde pleade not giltie, and put himself upon the Countrey, wherupon hee the said Gyles was aftrewarde then and there thereupon founde not giltye, as by the Recordes therof playuly appearethe : And yet the saide Benedict Smithe not yet leaving his saide vex aeon & malice dyd aftrewarde sue for the Processe to have the said Issue tryed betwen him & the saide Gyles Rufforde joyned in the saide Writte of Appeale, whereupon proces continued against the Jurye therupon returned in the said Countye of Hertforde, untill the said Jurie dyd appeare in the said Benche at a certayne daye; at w* daye the said Benedicte Smythe wu‘ his Witnesses &c Councello", dyd gyve in evidence to the said Jurie to prove the said Giles giltie of the said Felonye, and the said Giles in like miner, w11' his Witnesses & Coucello", dyd gyve in evidence to the said Jurie, to prove him the said Giles not to bee giltie of the said Felonie; wherupon the said Jurie was chardged to trie the said Issue, and afterward when they were agreed upon their Verdict therof and readye to yelde up the said Verdicte, the said Benedicte being solempnly called in the said Benche, didd make Defaulte and was Nonsuite in his sayd Writt of Appeale, by reason wherof aswell the said Giles as the said other psons named in the said Writt were discharged of the sayd Suite against the said Smithe, as by the Recordes therof remayning in the said Benche playnly appearethe;

1 so sett 0.

or their O.

1 «ott

0.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 17, 18,

293

s

Si

ikx

i.i,

Si

Oit

iii

s

'si

iM

as

k.

>■

b

ii

it

w

ii

a.

it

e

F

i

t

By reason & occasion of all w,k said shame slaunders vexac&ns troobles 8c chardges, that the said Gyles Rufforde was put unto throughe the false & sclaunderous meanes of the said Benedicte, hee the said Giles intending to recover agayne pte of his said charges, dyd afterwarde in the said Benche cdmence & sue a Byll of Conspiracie against the saide Benedict Smithe & John Godfrey, for their said false & untrue Conspiracie in procuring the said false Inditement, wheronto the said Benedict St John Godfrey pleaded not giltie, wherupon they were at Issue; and therupon Proces dyd continue in the said Benche untill a Writ of Nisi prius was awarded out of the said Benche into the said County of Hertforde to trye the said Issue, where at Thassises holden at Hertforde in the said Countye of Hertforde in the xxij daye of Julye in the [first and thirde1 ] yeres of yo' Highneses Reignes, yt was found* before the Justices of the sayd Nisi Prius by the Jurie thereupon empanelled, that the said Benedicte 8c John Godfrey were giltye of the said Conspiracie, and the sayd Jurie assessed Damages to lxxxx ti. and x ti. for the Costes of the said Sute, as by the Recordes of the said Nisi Prius plainly may appeare: Since wd> said Verdicte so given the said Benedicte Smythe being ledd wlh thinstigacon of the Devill, and increasing in more mischeif 8c malice against the said Gyles, dyd move stirr labor hyre 8c procure one Francf Conyers late of London Gentleman, and one John Spencer late of London Yoman, to murther 8c kill the said Giles Rufforde, and promised the said Frances 8c John Spencer xlti. to cdmit the said murther, and hee the sayd Benedicte did give unto the said Frances 8c John Spencer twoo Javelinges & a Dagge to cdmit the same; wherupon the said Frances Conyers Sc John Spencer at divers Sc severall times, aswell in yor said Countie of Buckingham as in yo' Graces Counties of Hertf Middx & Hunt, dyd go aboute to coraytt the said murder, and at the last by the greate labo' 8c desire of the said Smythe, they the said Frances Sc John Spencer afterward, that is to witt, (’) the x*1 day of September last past, at Alconburie Weston in yo' Graces Countie of Hunt, by the Procurem1 aforesaid, dyd maliciously Sc felonyously kill 8c murder the said Giles Rufforde; for w* murder so cdmitted, & after relac&n thereof made unto the sayd Smithe, he the said Benedict Smithe dyd afterward sende to the said Murdrers a Ryng of Golde and xxs. in money by the forenamed John Godfrey, in pte of payment of the said xl h. as by the severall confessions of the said Murdrers, Sc also by the confession of the said

John Godfrey, and divers other most manifestly may appeare: W1* said Murder was 8c is one of the most

detestable & heinous Murders, all the circumstances consydered, that was done or cdmitted by suche false Practises Conspyracies and Devises, withyn the tyme of any Mans remembrance within this yo' Realme, to the evyll & perilous ensample of all other like Offenders : It maie therfoie please yo' most excellent Highnesses, the Premysses considered, and for thavoyding of suche detestable Murders hereafter. That yt may bee enacted by yo' Highnesses the Lordes Spuall 8c Tempo rail, Sc the Comons in this pnt Fliam' assembled, & by thaucthorite of the same, and bee it enacted by the said aucthoritee, that yf the said Benedicte Smythe otherwise called Benet Smithe bee or shallbee in any maner of ways hereafter laufully indited, in yo' sayd Countye of Buckingham or elswhere, or appealed, as accessarie to the said Murder for the procuring of the same, and bee [hereupon1] founde gyltie by verdicte of Twelfe Men, or shall

confesse the same upon his arreignement, or shall not aunswer thereunto directly according to the lawes of this yo'

Realme, or shall stande wylfully or of Malyce muett, or shall challendge [peremptorilye4] above the number of twentye psons, that then hee the said Benedicte shall not bee admitted to have or enjoye the pryveledge or Benefite of his Clergie, but shalbee put from the same; Any Lawe Statute or Custome in this yo' Realme to the contrarye notwithestandyng.

If the nid B. Smith be found guilty at Accessory to auch Murder, for the procuring the tame, he shill be deprieed of Benefit of Clergy.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte touching Comissions of the Peace and Gaole Delyverye in Townes Corporate, not being Counties

in themselfes.

WHERE the Kyng & Quenes most excellent Highnes & their noble Progenitors Kings of this Realme, have heretofore granted their severall Comissions, directed aswell unto the Maio" Recorders Sc other grave Men Sc inhabitantes of certeyne auncyent Sc famous Cities Sc Townes Corporate w^in their Realme of Englande, not being Counties in themselves, as also unto dyvers other worshipfull 8c learned Men, dwelling out of the same Cities Sc Townes Corporate, aswell for the keping of their Peace good ordring of their People Sc executing of their Lawes 8c Statutes w*in the same Cities Sc Townes Corporate, as also for the Delyverie of their Ma'f Prisoners remayning in the Gaole there ; and after the granting of suche Comissions, their Ma'f have granted divers other like Comissions unto certayne worshipfull 8c learned Men of the Shires Lathes Rapes Ridinges 8c Wapentakes of this Realme of Englande for the [confirmad&n1] of their Peace, and also delivering of theyr Prisoners remayning in their Gaoles w^in the same Shires Lathes Rapes Ridinges 8c Wapentakes; wch Commyssions so bearing a later date have been a Supersedeas 8c clere dischardge unto all & singler the said former Commissions granted unto the said Cities 8c Townes Corporate, not being Counties in themselfes. So that the said Maio' 8c and other grave 8c cheifest Officers of every suche Citie Sc Towne Corporate, have been chardged to sue for the renuing againe of suche Comissions, bothe for the Peace Sc Gaole Deliverie, to the greate Expenses Costes Sc Chardges of the said Mayo' 8c other thinhabitantes of suche Cities Sc Townes Corporate, and to the greate protracting Sc delaye of Justice ther in the meane tyme: For Reformac&n wherof, and ‘for the better avauncement of Justice in the Premisses, Bee it therfore enacted by the King 8c Quenes Ma*1" the Lordes Spuall 8c

of

the Peace, Ac. to Miyort, Ac. of Town* Corporate, not being Countiee of themselves, shall not be superseded by any Special Commissions of the like Nature.

• Sc in Original Act.

• conaenracion O.

* in O.

5 thereupon 0.

* pemptorie 0.

4 F

Die

294

2°& 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 18—20.

A.D. 1555.

Temporall, & the Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, & by thaucthoritee of the same, That all & singler Comission & Comissions granted or to bee granted to any suche Citie or Towne Corporate, not being as ys aforesaid a County in yt self, for the keping of their Peace & deliverie of their Prisoners remayning in the Gaoles of any suche Citie or Towne Corporate not beyng a Countie in yt self, shall stande remayne & bee good avayleable & effectuall in the Lawe to all Intentes Construccons & Purposes; the granting of any like Comission of (') Peace or Gaole Delyverie to anny Comissioner or Comissioners for the Conservation of the Peace, or Delyverie of the Prisoners remayning in the Gaole of any Shire Lathe Rape Riding or Wapentake wthin this Realme of Englande, bearing date after the said Comission or Comissions granted as ys aforesaid to any suche Citie or Towne Corporate not being as ys aforesayd a Countie in yt selfe, to the contrarye notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte touching Poodyke in Marshelande.

St.jaH.VIII. c.u. TTrj'HERE in the Pliament holden at Westni in the xxij yere of the Reigne of the late King Henrye Theyght, I)vk"f in Norfolk* W there was an Acte made & establyshed for the preservac&n of Marshelande in the County of Norff, intituled

> !' l'Ie’gcn«rJCd An Acte towching Powdyke in Marshelande; By the wcU Acte yt was provided & enacted, That yf any pverse & \v,rc!iof Stat. malytyous pson dyd cutt downe & breake any pte or ptes of the Dyke called the Newe Powdyke in Marshelande in

i E.VI. c.ia. 13. tjle countie of Norff, and the broken Dike otherwise called Oldefielde Dike by Marshlande in the Isle of Elye in the Countie of Cambridge, or of any other Banke being pcell of the Rinde & uttermost pte of the said Countrey of Marshelande aforesaid, made for the defence & preservation of the same Countrey of Marshelande, that every suche Offence from thensforthe by any pson or psons comitted & done, otherwise then in worcking upon the said Banck or Dikes for the repairing fortifieng & amending of the same, shoulde bee taken reputed & adjudged Felony, and that thoffendo" and doers of the same & every of them bee adjudged and reputed Felons; and that the Justices of the Peace of the sayd Counties of Norff & Cambridge w"'in the same Isle, at every of their Sessions w,hin the same Isle and Counties to bee kepte by thaucthoritee aforesaid, shoulde have full power to cause enquirie to bee made of everie such Offence so at any time after in fourme aforesaid to bee comitted & done, and to awarde like Processe against every of the said Offenders w"* like Judgment & Execucon of the same, yf they or any of them be therof founde giltie by Verdicte or otherwise, as the said Justices hathe used & accustomed to doo upon other felonyes, beinge felony at the Comen Lawe; as by the Recorde of the sayd Acte more playnly appearethe; And albeeyt the said Estatute was a verey good & beneficiall Statute for the defence of the said Countrey of Marshelande, yet the said Statute was & ys by one Acte & Estatute lately made, for the Repeale of Treasons & Felonies, in the First yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, amongst divers other thinges clerely repealed & made voyde; By reason wherof, aswell the said Countrey of Marshelande as thinhabitauntes of the same and theyr Gooddes & Cattelles pntly stande & remayne in greate daunger of drowning and surrounding, to their utter impoverishement and undoyng : Recited Act For Reformation wherof. Bee yt enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That the said Acte & Statute

revWcd'111 C M made in the said Plyament holden in the said xxij yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henry theight,

entituled, An Acte consenting Powdike in [Marslande,1] and all & every Branche Article Penaltie & Sentence therin conteined, shall from the twentithe day of Januarye next coming, bee revived & stande and bee in pfect force strength & effecte in the Lawe to all Intentes Construccons & Purposes, as the same was before the repeale therof had & made; Any thing mentioned & conteined in the said Acte of Repeale, or any other Lawe or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for thenlargyng of the Duchye of Lancastree.

FORASMUCHE as the Kyng & Quene our Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye, considering & regarding thestate of the Duchie of Lancastree, being one of the most famous Princeliest & Stateliest peeces of our said Sovereigne Ladie the Qucnes auncyent Enheritance, doo pceyve & consider that the Possessions & yerely Revenues of the said Duchie arre and have been of late greatlye diminished, aswell by reason of sundry Giftes Grants & Sales, made by the late Kinges of famous memorye Henry theight & Edoarde the Sixte, late Kings of Englande, Father & Brother to our said Sovereigne Ladie the Quenes Highnes, as also by reason of sundrie Exchaunges made w,h dyvers their loving Subjectes, of sundry Manors Landes Tehtes Possessions & Hereditamentes lately belonging to the same Duchye; And the Mano" Landes Tentes Possessions & Hereditamentes, being receyved & taken in recompence of the said Exchaunges, bee not annexed to the said Duchie, but been in thorder fvey & governance of other Courtes & Places so by theyr Highnes taken & receyved in Exchaunge: And forasmuche also as theyr Ma,ie* doo mynde and intende to preserve avaunce mayntayne & contynue thauncient & honorable Estate of the said Duchie; Our said Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye therfore bee pleased & contented that yt bee enacted ordeyned & established by their Ma"" w,h thassent of the

1 the O. * Marshelande O.

g\e

Original fro

PENN STA

Decay of the Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster;

Go

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.20

295

Lordes Spuall & Temporall, Sc the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same. That all Honno™ Castels Lordeshippes Mano™ Landes Tenementes Possessions & Hereditamentes w"in this Realme of Englande, w1* at any tyme synce the xxviij,h daye of Januarie in the first yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde Kynge Edoarde the Sixte, were pcell of the Possessions of the said Duchie of Lancastre, or w* were united Sc annexed to the said Duchie by aucthorite of Pliament tres Patentes or otherways, and wch at any time since the sayd xxviij* daye of Januarie have been given granted alyenated bargayned solde exchanged or otherwayse severed from the said Duchie, by our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Edoarde the Sixte, or by our said Sovereigne Ladye the Quene that nowe ys, or by our Sovereigne Lorde & Ladie the King & Quenes Ma"" that nowe bee, to or w'" any pson or psons, and w1* sayd Hono" Castles Lordeshippes Mano" Lands Tefitf Sc Hereditamentf, since suche Giftes Grants Alienac&ns Bargaynes Sales Exchanges or Severance therof so made as is aforesaid, been comen or returned agayn to thandes of our said late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Edwarde the Sixte, or to* thandes of our said Sovereigne Ladie the Quene, or to thandes of our said Sovereigne Lorde & Ladie the King and Quene, or to thandes of her Ma"* her heires Sc successors in Possession RevercSn Remainder or otherways, (’) and w* nowe bee or remaine in thandes of our said Sovereigne Lorde & Lady the King & (*) Quenes Ma"", of any Estate of Inheritance, shall from the time the same came [&1] reverted agayn to thandes of our said late Sovereygne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, or to thandes of our said Sovereigne Lady the Quene, or (4) thandes of our said Sovereygne Lorde Sc Ladye the King and Quene by aucthoritee Sc force of this Acte, bee united & annexed for ever unto the sayd Duchye of Lancastree, and shalbee adjudged demed & taken for ever for Sc as peels and membres of the said Duchie of Lancastre ; and that all suche Sc those of the said Mano'1 Landes Tenementes & Hereditamentes, wdl bee heng w,hin the Countie Palentine of Lancastree, shalbee of the same nature qualitee kinde & condicbn to all intentes construccons & purposes, as others thaundent Possessions of the said Duchye heng & being w^in the said Countie Palentyne of Lancastree bee St ought to bee; And all those and suche of the said Landes Mano" Tentes and Hereditamentes wrt bee lyeng out of the said Countie Palentyne of Lancastree, shalbee of the same nature qualitee & condicSn, to all intentes construccftns & purposes, as other auncyent Possessions of the said Duchie lyeng & being out of the Countie Palentyne of Lancastree bee & ought to bee, and shalbee in the letting setting order rule survey resceypte Sc governance of the Chancello' Councell St Officers of the said Duchie of Lancastree for the time being for evermore, in like Sc the same maner Sc fourme to all intentf Sc purposes as others the said aundent Possessions belonging to the said Duchie been have been or ought to bee ; And that all the said Honno™ Castles Lordeshipes Mano" Landes Tents & Hereditamentes, united Sc annexed to the sayd Duchie of Lancastre by aucthoritee Sc force of this Acte, and all & 6ingler Giftes G'untf Leases Ires Pattentes St Writinges therof, or of any pcell therof, hereafter to bee made by the King & Quenes Highnes, or by theyres Sc successors of her Ma"', shall for evermore passe & bee made under suche of the (!) said Duchie, as other thaundent Possessions of the said Duchie have used to passe & bee made, and not under any other Seale or otherwise; and w‘h the like Sc the same Lyverye of Season Atturnementes Ceremonies Orders & Circustances in the Lawe, & in the same maner & fourme, as other thauncyent Possessions of the said Duchie, and the tres Patentes Charters Sc Writinges thereof heretofore of auncient tyme made, have used and ought to bee made Sc passed, and not otherwise nor in any other maner Sc fourme; Any Lawe Estatute Usage or Custome to the contrary therof in any wise notw^standing.

And bee yt further enacted ordeyned Sc established by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That our said Sovereigne Lorde Sc Ladye the King & Quene that nowe bene, and theyres & successors of her Ma", maye from time to time herafter at theyre Lyberties & Pleasures, by their Graces tres Patentes to bee sealed w"* the Greate Seale of Englande, unyte annexe lymit assigne Sc appointe any other theyr Honno™ Castles Lordeshippes Mano™ Landes Tents St Hereditamentf lyeng & beyng w"‘in this their said Realme of Englande, unto their sayd Duchie of Lancastree for the further Augmentac&n Honor & Estate of the sayd Duchie at their Willes Sc Pleasures: And that all & every such aiiexyng limiting assignem* Sc appoyntement, made or to bee made by our sayd Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye the King Sc Quene, or by theires or successoures of our sayd Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, of any their Hono" Castles Lordshipes Manors Landes Tentes Sc Hereditamentes unto the said Duchie of Lancastree, by any their said tres Patentf under the Greate Seale of Englande, shalbee as good Sc avayleable as yf yt were done by aucthorite of Pliament: And that all suche Honno™ Castles Lordeshippes Manors Landes Tentes & Hereditamentes, lyeng Sc being w^in the said Countie Palentyne of Lancastre, wch shall happen to bee united & annexed to the sayd Duchie by force of any suche tres Patentes, shall from the Teste of the said tres Patentes bee w^yn thorder Survey Rule Gover*nce Jurisdicctin Letting Sc Settyng of the said Duchie of Lancastre for the tyme being, as other the Possessions of the said Duchie, lyeng & beyng w,kin the said Countie Palentyne of Lancastre, have used Sc ought to bee: And that all other Honno™ Castles Lordshippes Manors Landes Teiites Sc Hereditamentes heng Sc beyng out of the said Countie Palentyne of Lancastre wch shall happen to bee united Sc annexed to the sayd Duchie by force of any suche Letters Patentes, shalbee from the Teste of the »id tres Patentes wthin thorder Survey Rule Governance Jurisdice&n Letting Sc Setting of the sayd Duchie of Lancastre, as others the Possessions of the said Duchie of Lancastree heng & being out of the said Countie Palentyne of Lancastre have used & ought to bee.

Saving to all and every pson Sc psons Bodies Politike and Corporate, theyr heires successors and assignes and to their heires successors & assignes of every of them, all suche Right Title Interest Entries Condic&ns OccupacSns Possession Lease & Leases, Fees Annuites Offices Rents Services Comons Profites Comodities Easementf, Acc&ns Suites Demaundes Thing & Things whatsoever, wc*> they or any of them shoulde might or ought to have had, into or out of any the premisses before the making of this Acte, in lyke Sc in the same maner fourme and condi£6n to all intentes construcc&ns & purposes as yf this Acte had never been hadd or made; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary in any wise notw^standing.

All Land, of the Duchy, alienated at any Time tince j8 Jan. i E. VI., and .ince then re-retted in him or the prrtent Queen, shall be re-united and annexed to the Duchy at in their ancient Ettate;

And ahaO paaa under the Seal of the Duchy, 4c.

II.

Other Landa may be annexed to the taid Duchy by the Crown; and ahall then be under Surrey of the Duchy Court, &c. in like Manner at other Landa of the Duchy.

hi.

General Saving of Titlea of Stranger.

1 by Attaynder Escheyte Forfayture Purchase Exchaungc or otherwise 0. - the 0. ' or O. 4 to 0. J Sealea of the O.

296

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 20, 21.

A.D. 1555.

IV. (') Provided alwaies and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That this Acte, or any thing or thinges therm

LindT&c^hdl conteyned, shall not in any wise extende tenhable or gyve any libertie to our said Sovereigne Lorde 8c Lady the King

not be annexed and Quene, nor to theires & successors of our said Sovereigne Lady the Quene, to unite 8c annexe to the said Duchie

under thia Aa. Lancaster> by their Ires patentes, any Hono" Castles Lordshippes Mano" Lands Teiites or Hereditamentes, beyng any

pte or pcell of thauncient inheritance of the Crowne, or of the Princypalitie of Wales, or of the Duchie of Comewall, or of the Earledome of Chestre, or any their Honoures Castles Lordeshippes Manours Landes Tehtes or Hereditamentes set lyeng or beyng w,hin the Counties of Chestre Sc Flynt, or either of them ; Nor to give annexe or assigne to the said Duchie of Lancastree any Honours Castles Lordeshippes Manors Landes Tenem'f or Hereditamentes, exceding & amounting in the whole above the yerely value of Twoo thowsand powndes; Any Clanse Article or Thing in this Acte rehearsed conteyned or specified to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

V.

Rents shall be paid in the Duchy Court at Westminster:

Leases shall be sealed with the Duchy Seal.

(*) Provided allwey and be it enacted by the thaucthoryte aforsaide, That the Fermes Rents Suytes and tfvices of suche and as many of the saide Mano's Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf menf&ned in this Acte belonging to the Duchye of Lancastre and Countye Palantyne of Lancastre, or to eyther of theyme, shalbe aunsweryd and paide in the Courte of the Duchye Chambre at Westni, or to the Receyvo's Generali and other Mynisters of the same Courte, in lyke maS and forme as hertofore have been used and accustomed; And that all Leasses herafter to be, made of any the same Mano's Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf belonging to the saide Duchye shalbe made undre the Seall of the Duchye of Lancastre in lyke man! and forme as hertofore have been used; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrarye therof in any wise notwithstanding.

Recital of Stats. 21 H.VIII. c.7. exporting Horses

23 H.VIII. c.17. winding Wools;

24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlings;

23 H.VIII. c. 3. Attaints on untrue Verdicts;

All continued by 28 H.VIU. cc. 6, 8, 95

And further by 31 H.VIII. c.7 }

35 H.VIII. c. 17. preserving Woods

37 H.VIII. c. 23. continuing first-recited Acts;

2 & 3 E.VI. c.9. currying Leather;

3 & 4 E. VI. c. 19. buying Cattle;

c. 2i. Butter, &c.

CHAPTER XXL An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutes.

WHERE in the Pliament begune & holden at London the thirde daye of November in the xxju* yere of the Reigne of our most drad Sovereigne Lorde of most famous memory King Henry theight, and from thence adjo'ned to Westm, and there holden & continued by divers prorogacSns unto the dissoluc&n therof. One Acte was made & established for the restrainte of carriage & conveyeng of Horses & Mares out of this Realme; And also one other Acte was there made for the true winding of Woolls; And one other Acte was there made to restrayne killing of Wainlingf Bullockes Steers & Heifers being under thage of twoo yeres; W* said severall Actes were then made to endure & continue unto the next Pliam', as by the said severall Actes more playnly appearethe: And wher also in the same Pliam1, One other Acte was made & established for Attaints to bee sued for the punishement of Pjurie upon untrue Verdictes; w1* Actes last before rehearsed were then made & ordeined to continue and endure to the last day of the next Pliam', as by the same Acte more plainly at large ys shewed & may appeare: And where also in the Pliament begune and holden at Westm the viij"1 daye of June, in the xxviij yere of the reigne of our said most dreade Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight, and there continued 8c kepte untill the dissoluc&n therof, It was ordeyned & enacted that all 8c singler the sayd Actes above remebredd & every of them should continue 8c endure in their force 8c strengthe, and also bee observed 8c kept untill the laste day of the next Pliam', as by the same Acte amongst other thinges therin conteyned more plainly appearethe: And where also in the Pliament begune 8c holden at Westm the xxviij"1 daye of Aprill, in the xxxj yere of the reigne of our said late most dread Sovereigne Lorde King Henry theight, and there contynued untill the xxviij"1 daye of June then next following. It was ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite of the same Pliam1, that all & singler the said severall Actes above remembred Sc every of them, & all Clauses Articles & Provisions in them & every of them conteined, should continue 8e endure in their force 8c strengthe & also bee observed 8c kept untill the last day of the next Pliam', as by the same Act among other things therin conteined more playnly appearethe: And Where in the Pliam' holden at Westm in the xxxv"1 yere of the reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye theight. One Acte was made for the preservac&n of Woodds, tendure for seven yeres then next following, & from thence to thende of the nexte Pliam', as by the same Act more playnely dothe & maye appeare: And Where also at the Pliam' holden at Westni in the xxxvij'" yere of the reigne of the said late King Henry the Eight, and there continued & kept until the dissoluc&n therof. It was ordeyned & enacted, that all 8c singler the said Actes above mentioned 8e every of them, (Except the sayd Acte made for the preservac&n of Wooddes as ys aforesayd,) shoulde continue 8t endure in their force & strength, & also to bee observed 8c kept untill the last day of the next Pliam' then next following, as by the same Acte amongst other things therin conteined more plainly appearethe: And Where also at a Session of the Pliam' ended at Westm the xiiij'1* day of Marche in the iij° yere of ye reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edoarde the Sixte, one Acte was made for the true currieng of Lether, w* Acte was made tendure to thende of the next Pliam', as by the same Acte more playnly appearethe : And Where also at the Session of a Pliam' ended at Westm the first day of Februarie in the fourthe yere of the Reygne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Edoarde the vju,) One Acte was then & there made concerning the buyeng of Rother Beastes; And also One other Acte was then 8c there made touching the buyeng and sellyng of Butter 8c Cheese; w"1 said severall Actes was then 8c there made tendure & continue to thende of the next Pliament, as by the same severall Actes more at large dothe and maye appeare:

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* This Clause is not entered on the Roll in Chancery, nor inrolled in the Old Printed Copies; but it is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.21,22.

297

S

S

«ife

*»1

»<* a a

fel-

la

'■i

nil;

F*

dn

BCE

IF

ta-

lk

sik

elk

m

U*

CB»

dcS

ik*

«*

kill

sill

til!

ta

[*»!

11#

l*»

I*

,«*

•If1

0*

ttf'

k*

if*

And Where also at the Session of a Pliam' by prorogation holden at Westni, the xxiij"* daye of Januarie in the fifthe yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Edoarde the Sixte, one other Acte was then & there made against Regratours and Forstallers, to endure to thende of the nexte Pliament: w'u all & singler the said Actes above mentioned, together w"‘ the said Acte concerning the preservacbn of Wooddes, at a Pliam' holden at West in the first day of Marche in the seventhe yere of the Reigne of our said Sovereigne Lorde King Edoarde the Sixte and there continued & dissolved the last daye of the same monethe of Marche, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were there revived & continued to stande in their force & strengthe, untill the last daye of the nexte Pliament: And where also at the Session of a Pliam' holden by prorogacbn at Westni the xxiiij"1 day of October in the first yere of the Raigne of our most gratious Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma% and ther continued & kepte untill the dissoluebn therof. One Acte was there made & established against unlaufull & rebellious Assemblyes, tendure to thende of the next Pliament, as by the same Acte more playnly dothe & maye appeare: And where also at the same Session of Pliament last before mentyoned, all & syngler the Actes above mentioned, and before that tyme continued at sundry Pliamentes as ys aforesayd, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were ther revived & contynued to stande in theyr force & strengthe unto the last daye of the nexte Plyament: And where also at the Session of a Pliam' begune & holden at Westni the xij'b day of November in the firste and seconde yeres of the Reignes of our most gratious Sovereigne Lorde & Ladye the King and Quenes Ma*", and there contynued & kepte to the dissoluebn of the same, being the xvj,h day of Januarye then nexte ensuing, One Acte was then & there made against seditious Woordes & Rumours, tendure to the ende of the nexte Pliament, as by the same Acte more playnly dothe and may appeare: And where also in the said Pliament last before recited. All and singler thactes above mentioned that were before that tyme contynued at sundry Pliamentes as ys aforesaid, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were by aucthorite of the sayd Pliament, there revyved & continued to stande in theyre force & strengthe unto the last day of the nexte Pliament: Forasmuche as all and singler the sayd severall Actes above mentyoned, bee good and beneficiall for the Comon welthe of this Realme, Bee it enacted ordeined & established by the Kyng & Quenes Ma'f our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye w-h the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That all and singler the said severall Actes & Statutes above mentioned & rehersed, and every of them, and all Clauses Articles & Provisions in them & every of them conteyned, shalbee revived continued stande & endure in their full force & strengthe to all intentes construccbns & purposes, and shalbee observed & kept in all things untill the last day of the next Pliament.

c k 6 E. VI. c. 14. Kcgraters;

7 E. VI. c.i 1. continuing all the recited Acts;

I Mary, St. 2. c.lt. unlawful Auembliei;

c. 13. continuing the other recited Acta

1 k 2 Ph. k Mar. c. 3. Seditious Words, See.

c. 16. continuing other recited Acta;

ReciteJ Acts further continued until End of next Parliament.

CHAPTER XXII. (')

An Acte for the Confirmacbn of a Subsidie graunted by the Clergie.

WHERE the Prelates and Clergye of the Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke, have most lovinglye and liberallye for certaine considerations them movinge, given and gr*unted to the King and Quenes Ma*" a Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde to be taken and levyed of all and singuler their Spuall Promotions within the same severall Provynces within the tearme of three yeres now next ensuinge, in suche certen manner and fourme, and w4 divers exceptions and provisions specified and conteyned in a certaine Instrument by them therof made and delivered unto the Quenes Ma", as in the same Instrument exhibited allso in this pnt Plyament more playnelye dothe appeare; the Tenor wherof ensuethe in thes Wordes:

The Prelates and Cleuoie of the Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke being lawfullie congregated and assembled in a Synode uppon greate and weightie cawses to them purposed and amonge the same well wayed and debated, considering their moste bounden Dewties to the Kinge and Quenes Ma'k’, and how greate and ample Benefittf theie have receyved of their Munificence and bowntefull goodnes; for an evydent declaration of their good Harttf and Myndes, jn remembr*unce of the saide Benefittf, w"1 one uniforme Agrement Accorde and Consent and togither w,h most hartie good wills have given and gr*unted, and by thes pntf doo give and gr*nte, to the King and Quenes Mabc‘ One Subsidie in manner and fourme following; that is to saie, that everie Archebisshopp Busshopp Deane Archdeacon Prebendarye PrOvoste Mr of Colledgf M' of Hospitallf Pson Vycar and everie other parsone and parsons of whatsoever name or degree he or theie be, enjoyinge any Spuall Promotion or other Temporall Possessions to the same Spuall Promocbns annexed, now not devyded nor sepated by Acte of Plyament or otherwise from the possession of the Clergie, shall paye to the Kinge and Quenes Highnes for everye pownde that he or theie maye ycrelie dispende by reasone of the saide Spuall Promocon, the some of Sixe Shillingf; And for the trewe and certaine knowledge of the yerelie vallewe of the saide Promocbns and everye of them, wherof payment shalbe made, the Rate Taxacbn Valuacbn and Estimacbn, remayninge of Recorde in the Kinge and Quenes Ma"‘ late Courts of the First Fruictf and Tenthes and now in their Courte of Thexchequer, for the payment of the Disme of the Clergye, conceminge all suche Promocbns as be in possession of the Clergye, or anny other not devyded by Acte of Plyament or otherwise as is aforesaide, shalbe followed and obs'ved withowt making anny other Valuacbn Rate Taxacbn or Estimacbn then in the saide Recorde is comprised and mentyoned: Provided alwayes that forasmuche as the tenthe pte of the saide Valuacbn and Tax afore mentyoned, shalbe for a tyme uppon certaine reasonable Consideracbns and Respects yerelye paide by the saide Clergye, so thar

Grant of a Subsidy by the Clergy of Canterbury and York

Tenor of the said Grant:

6s. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions, Ike.

according to the Valuation of the Tenth now in the Exchequer

but payable on Nine-tenths only

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office: Sec Note at the beginning of this Year, pa. a6j.

4 D

Go

298

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 22.

A.D. 1555.

to be paid in Three Years by 28* a Year to i Oct. 1556,7,8. before the End of January in each Year;

Like Rates on Pensions from dissolved

Monasteries; to be retained by the Payers of such Pensions;

6s. 8d. &c. on Stipends of Priests from &8 to to Marks ; and thence as. in the Pound.

Bishops, &c. shall be Collectors j

and may enforce Payment by Sequestration, &c.

Penalties upon Defaulters, for first and second Neglect;

Defaulters shall ultimately be deprived of their Benefices.

there remaynethe onelye nyne ptes to the Incumbent clere, this Subsedie of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde shalbe understande and mente onelye of the said Nyne ptes & of no more. Allso the saide Prelates and Clergye further doo gr'unte that this Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde of the yerelie vallewe of everie Promotion taxed as is aforesaide shalbe paide to the Kinge and Quenes Ma"’ within three yeres next ensuinge the date hereof; That is to saie, Twoo Shillingf of everye pounde in everie of the saide three yeres, the first payment therof to be dewe at the first daye of October nexte ensuinge, whiche shalbe in the yere of or Lorde God a thowsande five hundred fiftye and sixe, and the seconde payment therof to be dewe the first daye of October then next following, which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande five hundred fiftie and seven, the Thirde and last payment therof to be dewe at the saide first daye of October which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde Gpd a thowsande five hundred fiftie and eight, to be delivered and paide yerelye by suche parsone and parsons as in this pnt Gr'unte shalbe appointed to have the collection therof, to be paide into the Receipte of the Kinge and Quenes Ma"* Exchequer, or to suche psone or parsons place and places to whome and where it shall please their Highnes to appointe for the receipte therof before or at the last daye of Januarye in everie of the said three yeres; withowt payinge anny thing to the Receivo' or Receyvo" by their Ma'" to be assigned for anny Dischardge Acquietaunce or Quietus est, uppon payment and receipte of the same Subsidye to be given and delivered, but onelie twelve pence for their Acquittaunce. Item, The saide Prelates and Clergie allso doo gr'unte that every Priest and all other Spuall parsons, having a Pencfin by reasone of the dissoluc&n of any the late Monasteries Colledgf free Chappellf Ch'unteries Fraternityes Guyldes and Hospitallf, or of any other Spuall Dignitie and Corporac&n now dissolved and extinguished within any of the said Provynces, shall lykewise pay to their Highnes, Sixe Shillingf of everie pownde of the saide Penc&ns within the saide three yeres, at suche dayes and tymes as is before specified; And for the sure and assertayned payment therof a Deduction or Retenc&n of the said Sixe Shillingf shalbe made yerelie in the handes of the payers of the saide Penc6n, after the proporc&n of Twoo shillingf of the Pownde everie of the saide three yeres, to be delivered and paide unto their Ma’" use, at such tyme and to suche parsons as the saide Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde aforesaid shalbe paide unto. Item, That everie Stipendarye Preist receivinge annuall Stypende of eight powndes and under, being no ppetuitye, within the saide Provynces, shall 'paye unto their Ma"‘ use, sixe shillingf eight pence yerelie during the saide three yeres at suche tyme and to suche parsons as the saide Subsidye shalbe paide, and under the same penalties as the rest of the Clergie doo paye for their PromoC&ns; And that every Preist receiving above Eight powndes, and not above Tenne powndes, to pay likewise tenne shillingf; And that every Preist receivinge above Tenne powndes and not above Twentie marckes, to pay thurtene shillingf foure pence yerelie during the saide three yeres, at suche tyme and to suche parsons as the saide Subsedye shalbe paide; And that everie Preist taking Stypende above Twentie marckes, to paye likewise twoo shillingf of the pownde everie yeare during the saide three yeres, in suche manner and fourme as the rest of the Clergie do paye for their Promocbns Spuall; and for defaulte or lacke of payment therof by the Stipendaries, that every Parson Vycar and other Spuall psone hyring anny Priest to serve in anny place shalbe answerable for the payment of the saide Priest in that bihalfe after the saide Rates, and shall or may make Retention of his or their Wages quarterlie of so muche as the said Stipendarye is charged w"‘ by this pnt Concessyon and Gr'unte everie of the saide three yeres. Item, The said Prelates and Clergie further doo gr'unte that everye Archebusshopp and Busshopp, and the See being vacaunt, every Deane and Chapitre of the See voyde, shalbe Collecto" of this Subsidie within their propre Dyocesse, during the saide three yeres. And to thintent the King and Quenes Ma*" may be surelie and dewlie answered and paide of the saide Subsidye in manner and fourme aforesaide, and the Collecto" of the same throughlie charged and discharged according to the teno' of this Gr'unte, the saide Prelates and Clergie doo ordeyne and decree with one assent and consent, that everye Collecto' of the foresaide Subsidie and of everie pte and pcell therof, and their lawfull Deputye or Deputies shall have full power and aucthoritie by thes pntf, to procede against every psone and psons lyable charged and bownde to paye the saide Subsidie or anny pte or pcell therof, denyinge refusinge or delayinge to paye the same, or making any defaulte in the payment therof, or any pte heros, at the daye or dayes that it ought to be paide, after lawfull warninge to them given psonallie or at their Churches or Mansyons by the Censures of the Churche, that is to saye, by Suspension F.xcoicac&n or Interdicdon, and allso by Sequestration of the fruits and profit f of their Benefices or Promocbns Spuall, and to make sale of the same fruictf, and all other Remedies lawfull by their discretions thought convenyent, to coarcte constrayne and compell them and every of them to the full and undelayde Satisfaction of the saide Subsidie, and everie pte and pcell therof; and shall allso have lyke power and aucthoritie bothe to absolve them so paying from all the saide Censures and other paynes, and allso to release and revoke all such Processes as shall be made against them or anny of them, after theie shall have fullye satisfied the saide Subsidye accordingly. Provided allwayes and it is ordeyned and decreed. That all and everye parson and parsons refusing or neglectinge to paye the said Subsidye at tyme convenient as is aforesaide, shall for his or their first defaulte or negligence, not payinge the Subsidye according to the purpo'te and teno' of this Gr'unte, beare all the Charges and reasonable Expencf of the said Collecto' or his Deputie, in cominge goinge and demaunding of the same ; And for the seconde tyme lykewise offending in Nonpayment to paye to the saide Collecto' or his Deputie the fourthe pte of the saide Subsidie over and above the saide some, upon him or his Churche or parson allotted and taxed, which he is bownde to paye, and charged by this Acte of free Graunte. Allso the saide Prelates and Clergie do further ordeyne and decree that yf anny parsone or parsons above named chargeable to this Subsidie or anny pte thereof, after the saide Censures and Processe executed against him or them, yet still obstinatlye refuse neglecte or make delaye to paye the same or anny pte therof (as is beforesaide) that thei, after lawfull monition given unto him or them so refusing neglecting or delaying, by the saide Collecto" or their lawfull Deputie or Deputies psonallie or at their Churches, do still by the space of thirtie dayes refuse or neglecte to make payment of the saide Subsidie, that then and in everie such cace it shalbe lawfull to the saide Collecto’ or his lawfull Deputie, everie suche parsone so refusing neglecting or delaying and contempninge the saide former

Original fn

PENN S

AI t

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 22.

299

S

k*,

S‘»

I'fc

»k»

*so

l|i«

kin

«n»i

■|k

i*»

ait

*P:

kii

an

G*

flit

fan

s*«

iai

dx

feGi

rfii

*ki

idi

tar

Ej*

■in

!0O

I*!

kl*

k*'

«)*'

.ok'

Processes, to deprive amove and destitute from his or their Benefice Spuall Promocdn or Pension Ecctiasticall; Any Appellation or Inhibicdn or other Remedie ordinarye or extraordinarye notwithstanding; The saide psone so refusinge to be and remayne for ever withowt hope of regresse, to suche the promocdn as hee or theie shalbe depryved of for the cawses aforesaide, by any new Presentation of him or them to be made to the same; And that it shalbe lawfull to the Patrone of the saide Benefice or Benefices or Ecctiasticall Promotions, from which the saide parsone or parsons so neglecting to paye, shalbe depryved, to presente unto everie suche Benefice or Promocdn Spuall, as yf the saide Incumbent or Incumbentf were deceased. Item, the saide Clergie further do ordeyne and decree, that of so muche as the Collecto" shalbe charged with in their Accomptf, clerelie to be paide into the Reccipte of the saide Exchequer, or to suche parsone or psons as it shall please the Kinge and Quenes Ma'" to appointe for Receipte of the same, shalbe allowed to the saide Collecto' uppon his saide accompte for the same, for everie pounde, sixe pence, by waye of Rewarde, or in hewe of his Charges Collection Portage and conveyinge and paying of the saide Subsidye: Provided allwayes, that no Spuall Promocon or any Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Gr*unte or Acte of the Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorke, or any Goods or Cattallf growing being or renewinge of the same or appertayninge to the Owners of the said Spuall Promocdns, shalbe charged or made contributorye to anny Fyftene, or anny other Subsidie allreadie gr"unted to the Kinge and Quenes Highnes of the Laye Fee, or hereafter to be granted during the tearme of the saide three yeres. Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie further gr*unte, that every of the newe erected Bisshoppf Deanes Prebendaries Pety Canons and Preachers, shalbe charged w,h this Subsidie for their owne Porfdns onelye therof, to paye Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde within the saide three yeres as is above rehersed of other Busshoppf and Spuall Parsons; and those Porcons of Rents & Revenues, which their Highnes or anny of their most noble Progenito" have given unto them for the Maynten*nce of Poore Men Scholemaisters Usshers Gramaryans Chorysters and other Officers or Ministers, not to be charged w,h anny pte of this Subsidye. Provided also, that everie Parsone Vycar or other Spuall Man, paying any Pencon, wherof none allowaunce is made in the valuacdn of his saide Benefice in the Recordes of the saide late Courte of First Fruictf or Exchequer, shall and maye retayne Twoo Shillingf of everie Pownde of everie suche Pencon everie yere during the said three yeres to his owne Relief, in consideration that he is charged to paye his Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde owt of everie Pownde of the saide Nyne Partes of his Promocon. Provided allso, that where certaine Landes Teiitf Rents Tythes Pencons Porcons Fruictf and other Heredytamentf, latelye belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches or other Places Ecctiasticall within the saide Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent to and uppon the fyndinge and Maynten’nce of certaine Ch’untries Annyversaries Obyttf Lights Lampes and other lyke things ententf and purposes, be of late come into the Handes and Possessions of the King and Quenes Ma'" o' Soveraigne Lorde and Ladye, by force of a Statute therof made in the first yere of the Reigne of o' late Soveraigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixte as by the said Statute more playnelye apperethe; That the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Deanes or Presydentf and Chapitours of the same, and all other Places and Parsons to whome the saide Landes Rents and all other the Premisses or anny of them did latelie apptayne, shall not be charged to or with any contribution or payment of this Subsidye of and for that pte or portion whereunto the Kinge & Quenes Highnes be and have been intytuled or possessed of; But that this saide Subsidie shalbe understande to be ,chargeable and dewe onelye of all singuler Landes Teiitf Rents Tythes Pencdns Porfdns Fruictf and other Heredytamentf which doo yet still remayne not dissevered from the handes and possession of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other the places and parsons aforesaide ; And that Deduction and Allowaunce be made to them and everye of them, in the payment of the saide Subsidye, owt of the hole valuacon taxacon and estimation made for the payment of the saide Disme remayninge of Recorde in the King & Quenes Ma'" Courte of Thexchequer, for that Rate and Porcon which is come to thhandes and possession of o' saide late Soveraigne Lorde, or otherwise severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places and parsons aforesaide, by force of the Statute pinised. Provided Allso that every Parsone and Vycar whose Benefice is above the Valuacon of Fyve pownde, and not above Sixe pownde thyrtene shillingf foure pence after the rate of the late ppetuall Tenthe, shall paye everye yeare of the saide three yeres onelie six shillingf eight pence, as the saide Stipendaries do and not otherwise: And that all Parsons and Vycars whose Benefices be of the valuacon of Five powndes or under, after the rate of the saide late ppetuall Tenthe, shall not be charged or chargeable w,h this Subsidie or anny pte therof: Provided alwaics, that this Subsidye granted by the Clergie, shall shall not be demaunded or levyed owt of any Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge scytuate or sett within the Universities of Oxforde and Cambridge; Or of any Benefices or other Revenues unto any Howse of Students or Colledge of Oxforde and Cambridge united appropriate or apptayninge ; Or of the Colledge of Eaton nighe Wyndeso'; Or of the Colledge of Winchestre, founded by Willyam Wyckham sometyme Busshopp of Winchestre; Or of anny poore Men Wemen or Children living of Aimes in anny Hospitallf Aimes howses Aimes halls; Or of any Gramer Scooles; Or of anye Churche or Benefices; Or of anny other Revenues of the saide Howses Colledgcs Hospitallf Aimes howses or Aimes halls or Gramer Scholes, or to anny of them annexed appropryatc or otherwise appertayninge : Provided allso that everie Priest and other late professed Religious psones having a Pencon by reasonc of the dissoluedn of the late Monasteries Colledgf free Chappellf Ch’untries Fraternities Guyldes and Hospitallf or anny other Incorporacons within the Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke or anny of them, and being of the some of fourtie shillingf or under, and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable to the said Subsidie or anny pte therof, for anny suche Pencon of fourtie shillings or under; Anny thing conteyned in this Gr"unte to the contrarie notwithstanding: Finallik the saide Prelates and Clergie being desirous that the said Subsidye maye be enticrelic contented and paide to thuse of the Kinge and Quenes Ma1" within the saide three yeres, do gr’unte ordeyne and decree, that yf it shall happen in the ende of the saide three yeres anny Arrerages of the said Subsidye to be

Allowance to Collector*.

No Spiritual Promotion liable to the Lay Subsidy.

New Bithopricks charged to this Subsidy.

Subsidy on Pensions may be retained by the Payer.

Possessions of Chantries, ice. vested in the Crown under St. t Edw.VI. c. 14. not chargeable to the Subsidy; which shall he paid on such Possessions only as are not so vested.

Benefices from ■t'j to £6 13. 4. charged with 6s. Xd. per Ann. only.

Benefices under

exempted.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, \c.

Exemption of Pensions not exceeding 40s.

For making good Arrears and Deficiencies of this Subsidy.

by

300

2°&3° Phil. & Mar. c.22.

A.D. 1555.

This Subsidy shall be confirmed by Parliament.

The same confirmed accordingly.

II.

Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or Distress on Farmers, who may retain the same out of their Rent, unless on covenant to pay the same.

III.

Lay Persons shall be charged for Spiritual Promotions under this Act.

IV.

Acquittances to Collectors, &c. paying the Subsidy into the Court of First Fruits, &c.

behinde unpaide, by reasone of Thexilitye or decaye of anny Benefice or other Spuall Promocon lyeable to this Subsidie, That then it shalbe lawful! to everie Archebusshopp and Busshopp w^n their severall Diocesse, by the Counsaill of his Clergye, and the See being voyde to the Deane and Chapito' of the See voyde, to assesse and to taxe all and singuler the Eccliasticall Promocbns within their saide severall Dyocesse, to become contributoryes to the full satisfaction of the saide Subsidie, the same to be collected levyed and paide the next yere imediatlye ensuinge the saide thirde yere, at the dayes and under the paynes so’me and qualities above lymitted; Anny thing in this Gr*unte to the contrarie notwithstanding: And for the trewe and sure payment of this Subsidye gr*unted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke, according to the tenor purporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this pnt Instrument, the saide Prelates and Clergie most humblie desire and require the King and the Quenes most excellent Ma*" That it maye Be enacted by aucthoritie of this pnt Plyament, that the Provisyons conteyned in the foresaide Gr’unte shall stande good and eflfectuall to all Intentf and Purposes mentyoned in the saide Gr*unte; And that all Processes and Penalties, and all other Clawses touchinge the Payment of the said Subsidie and the levyinge and collection of the same and of everie pcell therof, may be by the said Prelates and Clergye and their lawfull Deputies putt in dewe execucon, according to the trewe meaninge therof, withowt incurringe anny Penalties or Daungiers of any Lawes or Stafutf of this Realme.

And for the trewe and sure Payment of this Subsidie, gr*unted by the saide Prelates and Clergye of the Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke, according to the tenor prporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this pnt Instrument, Be it therfore enacted by the King and the Quenes Ma'" with thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Plyament assembled, and by thautoritie of the same, That the said Gift and Gr*unte and everie Matter Some of Moneye Clawse and Sentence in the saide Instrument conteyned, be ratefied established and confirmed by thauctoritie aforesaide.

And Furthermore be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That everie parsone that shalbe appointed to the Collection and Gatheringe of the saide Subsidie shall have full power and aucthoritie to levye take and pceive the same Subsidie by aucthoritie or the Censures of the Churche, in manner and fourme as in the saide Instrument of GPunte is conteyned, wlhowt daungier of the Lawes of this Realme, or by distresse uppon the possession of the Fermo" or Occupyers of the Landes and Tents chargeable by the saide Instrument for or to the payment of any some or somes of moneye, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collecto' therof; and that no Replevie Prohibicon or Supersedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for anny parsone or parsons, making defaulte of payment of the saide Subsidie contrarye to the tenor of the Gr*untf therof, untill suche tyme as theie have trulie satisfied and contented all suche pte and porcons as to them in that behalfe apperteynethe: And that everie suche Fermo' and Fermo" their Executo" and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and with the payment of the saide Subsidie or anny pte therof, shall by thauctoritie aforesaide be allowed and retayne in his handes as muche of his yerelie Rent and Ferme, as the some which he shall fortune to paie for his Lorde or Leasso' shall extende unto, excepte the saide Fermo' or Fermo" their Executo" and Assignes, by the leasse and graunte that they have of anny pte of the Landes and Tents chargeable to this Subsidie, or by force of any Covenante or Artycle therin conteyned, be bownden and chardged to paye the same, and therof to dischardge their Leasso' and Landelorde during the tearme mentyoned in their saide leasse.

Provided allwaies and Be it enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Plament, That everye laye parsone having a Spuall Promotion chargeable by this Acte, and allso having Temporall Possessions Goods Cattellf and Debtes chargeable to this Subsidie gr*unted by the Temporaltie, shall be charged taxed and sett for his saide Spuall Promocbns with the Clergie, and for his saide Temporall Possessions and Cattallf with the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; Anny thing afore mentioned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That the saide Archebusshoppf and Busshoppf, and other parsons chargeable to and with the Collection of the saide Subsedye of sixe shillingf of the pownde within the saide Provynces of Cantorburye and Yorcke, shall have, upon everie payment therof made in the Quenes Courte of Thexchequer or ells where the King & the Quenes Ma"* shall appointe the same to be paide, a sufficyent acquittance in writinge of suche parsone or parsons as their Ma’1" shall appointe for the Receipte therof; the same acquittance witnessing the same Receipte of as muche of the same some of the same Subsidie as shalbe by any of them so received; and everie suche acquittance in writinge, sealed and subscribed w,h the name or names of everie suche parsone or parsons that so by their Highnesses appointement shall receive anny of the saide somes of moneye, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe, and also a sufficyent dischardge to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, as yf it were made by Acte of Pliament -, and that everie parsone and parsons which shall have and receive anny suche acquittance shall paye but onelye ij d. for everie of the same acquittances.

b1

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 23.

301

CHAPTER XXIII. (■)

An Acte for a Subsidie to the Kyng and Quenes Ma,ir\

WE the Lordes and Comons in this present Pliament assembled the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f most lovyng and obedient Subjects, callyng to our Remembraunce the grete and sondry Benefittf whiche We have many wayes receyved at their Majesties most gracious hands, and consideryng also besidf the grete dettf wherw’ the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme was charged when it pleaced Almightie God first to calle the Quenes Majestie to the Gov’n’nce of the same, the greate intollerable Chargf wherw’ her Majestie hathe byn many waies burdened: For some declaracSn of our moost bounden dewties, w' one assent and consent by aucthoritie of this present Plyament, do give and graunte to the Kyng and Quenes Majesties their heires and successours Kyngf of this Realme, One entire Subsedie to be rated taxed levyed and paide at two sev*all Paymentf of e9y psone Spirituall and Temporall, of what Estate or Degree he or they be, according to the teno' of this Acte, in maner and forme followyng, that is to say; Aswell of ev*y psone borne w’in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kyng and Quenes Domynions, as of all and ev*y Fraternide Guylde Corporation Mystery Brotherhed and Cominaltie, corporated or not corporated, w’in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kyng and Quenes Domynions beyng worthe Fyve pounds and under tenne pounds, for eVy pounde aswell in Coigne and the value of efy pounde that e$y suche psone Fraternide Guylde Corporation Mystery Brotherhed and Cominaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stocke of Marchaundizes alman! of Corne and Blades Householde Stuffe and of all other Goods movable, aswell w’in the Realme as w’out, and of all suche somes of money as to hytn and them is or shalbe owyng, wherof he or they trust in his or their conscyencf surely to be paide. Except and out of the pWsses deducted, suche somes of money as he or they owe and in his or their conscience truely intendeth to pay, And except also the Apparell of suche psones their Wives and Chyldren belongyng to their owne Boddies, savyng Juellf Golde Sylver Stone and Perle, Eight pence of and for e9y pounde to and for the first payment of the seid Subsedie, and to and for the seconde payment, other Eight pence of epy pounde: And also of ev*y psone bourne under the King and Quenes obeysaunce, and all and ePy Corporation Fraternitie Guylde Mystery Brotherhed and Comynaltie, corporate and not corporate, beyng worthe tenne pounds in Goods as is afore specified, and under the value of twenty pounds, shall pay to and for the firste paymente of the seid Subsedie Twelve pence, and to and for the seconde payment, other Twelve pence of ev*y pounde: And likewise ePy parson and parsones borne under the Kyng and Quenes obeysaunce, and every Corporation Fraternitie Guylde Mystery Brotherhead and Comynaltie, corporate and not corporate, beyng worthe in Goods as is aforeseid twenty pounds, and so upwardf in Goods as is beforeseid, shall pay to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie, Sixtene pence, and to and for the seconde payment, other Sixtene pence of ePy pounde: And also every Alyen and Straunger borne out of the Kyng and Quenes obeysaunce, aswell Denizen as other inhabytyng w’in this Realme, of epy pounde that he or they have in Coyne, and the value of ev*y pounde in Plate Corne Grayne irichaundize Householde Stuffe or other Goods Juellf Cattellf moovable or unmovable as is aforeseid, aswell w’in this Realme as w’out, and of all somes of money to hym or them owyng, wherof he or they truste in his or their conscience or consciencf to be paide, Except and of the same pmysses deducted ePy suche some or somes cf money whiche he or they do owe and in his or their conscience or consciencf entende truly to pay, of and for e9y pounde to Fyve pounds to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie Eight pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, other Eight pence of ePy pounde: And likewise of and for Fyve pounde and for e$y pounde from fyve pounds to tenne pounds, to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie, Twelve pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsidie, other xij d. of evy pounde; And of and for tenne pounds to twenty pounds, to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie xviij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie other xviij d. of ev*y pounde; And of and for twenty pounds in Goods as is before rehersed, and so upwarde to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie, Two shyllyngf, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, other two shyllyngf of e$y pounde : And also that every Alyen and Straunger bo’ne out of the King and Quenes Domynions, being Denizen or not Denizen, not beyng contributory to any of the Rates aboveseid, shall pay to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie, Foure pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, other Foure pence for ePy Polle ; And the Maister or he or she w’home the same Alyen is or shalbe abydyng at the time of the taxacon or taxacons therof, to be charged w‘ the same for lacke of payment therof.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforeseid, That ePy psone bo'ne under the King and Quenes obeysaunce, and evy Corporacon Fraternitie Guylde Mystery Brotherhed and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, for e9y pounde that ev*y the same psone and ePy Corporation Fraternide Guylde Mystery Brotherhed and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, or any other to his or their use hathe in Fee Symple Fee Tayle for terme of Lyfe, terme of Yeres by ExecucSn Wardeship or by Coppy of Courte Rolle, of and in any Hono’s Castellf Mano’s Lands Teiitf Rents fvicf Hereditamentf Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yerely Tffittf of the yerely value of twenty shyllyngf, as well w’in auncient Demayne and other Placf privileged or elswhere, and so upwardf, shall pay to and for the firste payment of the said Subsedie, two shyllyngf of and for ev*y pounde, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, other two shyllyngf of and for ev'y pounde: And e9y Alien bo'ne out of the Kyng and Quenes obeysaunce, in suche case to pay at either of the seid paymentf, three shyllyngf of epy pounde; And that all somes pnted and chargeable by this Acte either for Goods and Dettf or for Lands and Tents and other the p>mysses as is in this Acte conteyned, and being no full pounde, shall be at either of the seid paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Porcftn

Grant of Subsidies by Two Payment!;

On Perionalty of Natiret, from £( to £10 8d. in the Pound ; £loto£io, lid.; £10 and upwardf, i6d. at each Payment;

On Personalty of Alien!, under Jt$, 8d. ; jf; to.£10, tad.; ,t'io to .£'20, i8d.;

20, Sc c. 21. at each Payment;

Poll Tax on Aliens, not rateable, 4d. at each Payment.

II.

On Lands, above 208. per Annum, of Natives, as. of Aliens, 3s. in the Pound at each Payment;

Proportional Rates;

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office : See Note at the beginning of this Year, page 265.

4 H

Go

302

Exceptions.

Mode of rating Personalty, &c. of Corporations.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, &c.

III.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies;

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« j XXV.]

IV.

Rating of Absentees and others according to Assessments, tec.

V.

Appointment of Commissioners for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, See.

2° & 3" Phil. & Mar. c. 23. 1555.

iiccordyng to the true meanyng of this Acte; (Lands and Tents chargeable to the Dysmes of the Clergie and yerely Wags due to /v'ntf for their yeerely /vice, (other then the Kyng and Quenes /v*ntf taking yerely Wags of fyve pounds or above) onely excepted and forprised : And that all Plate Coygne Juellf Goods Dettf and Cattallf psonallf beyng in the Rule and Custodie of any psone or psones, to thuse of any Corporacbn Fratemitie Guylde Mystery Brotherhed or any Comynaltie, beyng corporate or not corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, as the value certefied by the p*senters of that Certifecat, to be swome of ePy pounde in Goods and Dettf as is aboveseid. And of ev'y pounde in Lands Tents Annuities Fees Corodies or other yerely Pfittf as is aboveseid ; and the s5mes that are before rehersed sett and taxed, to be levyed and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehersed: And the same psone or psones and Bodie Corporate by thauctoritie of this Acte, shalbe discharged against hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyv^e therof, or at his otherwise deperture from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and alwayes forprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsedie, all Goods Cattallf Juellf and Ornamentf of Churches and Chappellf whiche have byn ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the honor and /vice of Almightie God.

And the firste payment of the seid Subsedie shalbe by thauctoritie aforeseid taxed assessed and rated accordyng to this Acte, in ev'y Shere Rydyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Burrowe Towne and ev'y other Place w4n this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Kyngf and Quenes Domynyons, before the fifthe day of January next comyng ; And the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie shalbe by thauctoritie aforeseid, taxed assessed and rated before the tenthe daye of Marche, whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fyftie and sixe ; and the pticuler somes of ev’y Shere Rydyng Borough Towne and other Placf aforeseid, with the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seid firste payment of the seid Subsedie, to be taxed and sett by the Comyssyoris to the same limited or two of them at the leste, w' the names of the High Collector ; and in the same so'me shalbe certefied in the Kyng and Quenes Exchequier before the firste day of February next comyng, w* the names of the High Collecto's of the same: And the particuler somes of ev'y Shere Rydyng Borough Towne and other Placf aforeseid, w' the pticuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie to be taxed and sett by ComyssyoSs to the same to be lymited or two of them at the leste, w* the names of the High Collecto's, and in the same so'me shalbe certefied into the Kyng and Quenes Exchequier before the sixt day of Aprill, whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fyftie and sevyn, w* the names of the High Collecto's: And the seid somes in ma9 and so'me aforeseid to be taxed for the firste payment of the seid Subsedie shall bee paide into the Kyng and Quenes Receipte of their Exchequier aforeseid, to thuse of our seid Sov'aigne Lorde and Lady, before the first day of Marche nexte comyng; and the seid s5mes in man! and so'me aforeseid to be taxed for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, shalbe paide into the Receipte aforeseid, to thuse aforeseid, before the twenty day of May wch shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fyftie and sevyn: And the somes aboveseid of and for the said Subsedie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed and paide unto thuse of our said Sov'aigne Lorde and Lady, and theires and successors of our said Sov'aigne Lady in so'me aboveseid, aswell w4n the Liberties Fraunchesies Sanctuaries Auncyent Demayne and other whatsoev' Place, exempte or not exempte, as w’out; Except such Shires Placf and Psons as shalbe forprysed in and by this p>sent Acte: Any Graunte Charter p>scripc&n Use or Libertie by reason of any ires Patentf or other Privilege pscripc&n Allowance of the same, or whatsoev* other matter of discharge heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned notw'standyng.

And It is further enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Pliament, That ev'y suche pson, aswell such as be bo'ne under the Kyng and Quenes obeysaunce, as ev'y other pson Straunger bourne Denizen or not Denizen, enhabityng win this Realme or win Wales or other the Kyng and Quenes Dominions, wch at the time of y* said assessyngf or taxacons or of either of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme and out of Wales, and have Goods or Cattellf Lands or Tents Fees or Annuities or other Pffittf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificat of thinhabyt*untf of the pties where suche Goods Cattallf Lands Tents or other the Premisses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche psone or his Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have his moost resorte unto wHn this Realme or in Wales, in like man! as yf the said psone were or had byn at the tyme of the seid assessyng w4n this Realme; And that ev'y pson abydyng or dwellyng w*in this Realme or w'out this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsedie graunted by this Acte, accordyng and after the Rate of suche yerely substaunce or value of Lands and Tents Goods Cattallf and other the pmysses, as ev'y psone so to be charged shalbe sett at in the tyme of the seid assessyng or taxac&n upon hym to be made, and none otherwise.

And furthermore Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That for the assessyng and orderyng of the seid Subsedie to be duely had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Keper of the Greate Seale, the Lorde Treaser of Englande, the Lorde Stewarde of the King and Quenes Ma’f Householde, the Lorde President of the Kyng and Quenes HoSable Councell, and the Lorde Pryvy Seale for the tyme beyng or two of them at the lest, wherof the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beyng to be one, shall and may name and appoynte of and for ev'y Shere and Rydyng and other placf, aswell within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Kyng and Quenes Domynions, and also of and for ev'y Citie and Towne being a Countie in it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certeyne nomber of psones of ev'y of the same Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wight, and ev'y other place, and other the inhabytantf of the same, to be ComyssyoSs wlkin the same, wherof they be Inhabytauntf : And also of and for the honerable Householde of the Kyng and Quenes Majesties and the Lady Elizabeth Grace, and the Lady Anne of Cleaves, in what Sheres or other Placf the seid Householdf shall happen

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 23.

303

S

W*

n*i

s

s

*u».

Si!.;

C*t

!«.,

*i«H

?4ii

ihs»

■fki

Bb

¥*

ifc

tail

acts:

efca

tat

¥»

An

»>■

ill*

H"1

r 085

f*®*

» * blit «*> f#

fc*1

I*"

la*

s*

rf#

sbS»

feO*

,!#

-I*6

then to be, and the Lorde C.hauncello' and other w' hym before named, in like man! may name and appoynte of ev’y other suche Borough and Towne Corporate, as well in Englande as in Wales, and other the Kyng and Quene* Domynions, as they shall thynke requisite vj. v. iiij. three or two of the hed Officers, and other sadde honest Inhabytauntf of ev’y of the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, accordyng to the nomber and multitude of people beyng in the same; the whiche psones yf any suche be therunto named of the seid Inhabytauntf of the seid Bourghes and Townes Corporate, not beyng Counties in themselff, shalbe joigned and putt in as ComyssyoSs w' the psones named for suche Shires and Rydyngf as the said Borowes and Townes Corporate, not beyng Counties in themselff, be sett and have their beyng; whiche psones so named for and of the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate not beyng Counties, by reason of their dwellyng in the same, shall not take upon them ne none of them, to putt any pte of their Comission in execuc&n for the pmysses out of the seid Boroughes and Towne Corporate, wherin they being so named onely for the same be dwellyng, and also not to execute the said Comyssion win the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwellyng, but at suche dayes and tymes as the seid other ComyssyoSs for the same Shere and Rydyng shall therunto lymite and appoynte, w'in the same Borough or Towne Coroorate, not beyng Countie Corporate, wherof they so be, and not out of suche Borough or Towne, and in that maS to be aydyng and assystyng w* the seid other ComyssyoSs in and for the good executyng of the effecte of the seid Comyssion, upon payne of ev’y of the seid ComyssyoSs so named for e$y suche Citie Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beyng a Countie, to make such Fyne as the seid other ComissioSs in the Comyssion of and for the said Sheire or Rydyng so named, or three of them at the lest, shall by their discressions sett and certefie into the Kynge and Quenes Exchequier, there to be levyed to thuse of the Kyng and Quenes Ma‘f, in like maS as suche or like sdmes had byn sett and rated upon ev’y suche psone for the seid Subsedie; the wtl1 ComyssyoSs so named of and for the seid Citie Boroughes and Townes not beyng Counties, and onely putt in the seid Comyssyon by reason of their dwellynge in the same, shall not have any pte of the porc&n of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comyssioners and their Clerkf in this Acte afterwarde specified : And the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keper of the Kyng and Quenes Greate Seale for the tyme beyng, shall make and directe out of the Co'te of Chauncery under the King and Quenes Greate Seale seVall Comyssions, that is to say, To ev’y Shire Rydyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Bourghe Isle and Householde, unto suche psone and psones as by his discression and other w1 hym aforenamed and appoynted, in like man! and so'me as is afore rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient for the sessyng and levying of the said Subsedie in all Shires and Placf accordyng to the true meanyng of this Acte; Whiche Comyssion for the firste payment of the said Subsedie, shall be directed and delyvW to the seid ComissyoSs or one of them before the firste day of December next comyng: And the Comyssion for the seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, shalbe directed and delyv’ed to the seid ComyssioSs or one of them before the firste daye of February, whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundreth fyftie and sixe : And to ev’y of the seid Comyssions, tenne Cedules conteynyng in them the tenor of this Acte shalbe affyled: By the whiche Comyssion the ComyssyoSs in ev’y suche Comyssion named accordyng to this Acte, and as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the same Comyssion, shall have full power and auctoritie to putt the effecte of the same Comyssion in execuc&n: And that by auctoritie of this Acte, after suche Comyssion to them directed, they may by their assent f and agreamentf sev1 themselff for thexecuc&n of their Comyssion in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Weapentakes Townes Pishes and other Placf w‘in the Lymittf of their seid Comyssion, in suche forme as to them shall seme expedient to be ordred, and betwene them to be comoned and agreed accordyng to the teno' and effecte of the Comyssion to them therin directed, upon whiche severaunce ev’y psone of this psent Plyament that shalbe ComyssyoS, shalbe assigned in the Hundred wherin he dwelleth: Provided Alwayes, that no psone be or shalbe compelled to be any CommissioS to and for the execuc&n of this psent Acte, but onely in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth: And that any pson beyng assigned to the contrary therof in any wise, shall not be compelled to putt in execuc&n the effecte of this Acte or any pte therof.

And it is also enacted by the auctoritie of this psenr Plyament, That the ComyssyoSs and every of them whiche shalbe named lymited and appoynted accordyng to this Acte to be ComyssyoSs, in epy suche Shire Rydyng Lathe Weapontake Rape Citie Towne Burrough Isle and the seid Householdf or any other place, and none other, shall truly effectually and diligently for their pte execute theffecte of this pnt Acte accordyng to the teno' therof in ev’y behalfe, and none otherwise, by any other meanes, w'out omission favo' dreade malice or any other thynge to be attempted and don by them cr any of them to the contrary therof: And the seid ComyssioSs and as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the seid Comyssion and none other, for thexecuc&n of the said Comyssion and Acte, shall for the taxac&n of the seid firste payment of the seid Subsedie, before the sixte day of December next comyng, and for the taxac&n of the seid seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, shall before the sixt day of February whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fyftie and sixe, by vertue of the Comyssions delyv’ed unto them in so'me aboveseid, directe their sepal 1 or joynte pcept unto eight sevyn syxe fyve foure or three or mo, as for the nomber of the Inhabitauntf shalbe requisite, of the moost substanceall discrete and honest psones Inhabytauntf to be named by the seid ComyssioSs or by as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the seid Comyssyon, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wepyntakf Wards Pishes Townes and other Placf, aswell w,hin Liberties Franchesies Auncyent Demaynes Placf exempted and Sanctuaryes as w'out, w'in the Lymittf of the Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wepentakf Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes or Isle aforesaid, and other placf w'in the limittf of their Comyssion, it to the Constables Subconstables Bayliff and other like Officers or Mynisters of ev’y of the seid Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Weapentakf Pishes and other Placf before seid, as to the seid ComyssyoSs and ev’y nomber of them, or unto three or tow of them by their discression in devision shall seme expedient, as by the man! and use of that pties shalbe requisite; Streightlie by the same pcept chargyng and comaundyng the same Inhabytauntf Constables

Limited Power, of Commissioners in Corporation, j

Commissions shall be iuued out of Chancery.

Commissioner, may divide and act in their sc pa rite Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

VI. Commissioners shall act without Favour, Sec.;

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, Sec. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

litizedt by

304

2°&3° Phil. & Mar. c.23.

1

A.D. 1555.

VII. Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be sworn to inquire and certify the Value of the Property of all Persons rateable to the said Subsidy;

Form of Oath;

Charge of the Commissioners to such Enquirers

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates by such Enquirers

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or refusing to certify.

Receiving Certificates and malting Assessments;

Summoning Parties Under, rated;

and other Officers aforesaid, to whome suche Precept shalbe so directed, to appeare in their ppre psones before the seid ComyssyoSs or suche nomber of them as they shall devide themselff, accordyng to the teno' of the seid Comyssyon, at certeyne dayes and places by the seid ComyssioSs or any nomber of them as is aforeseid, w'in Cities Borowes or Townes Corporate, or w'out in any other place as is aforeseid, by their discressions shalbe lymitted therunto, to doe and accomplishe all that to them on the pte of the Kyng and the Quenes Ma'f shalbe enjoyned touchyng this Acte: Comaundyng further by the same pcept, that he to whose Hands suche pcept shall come, shall shewe or delyPe the same to the other Inhabytauntf or Officers named in the seid pcept: And that none of them fayle to accompleshe the same, uppon payne of sortie shyllyngf to be forfeyted to the Kyng and Quenes Majesties.

And it is further ordeyned by thauctorite of this Pliament, That the seid day and place pfixed and lymitted in the seid pceptf, every of the ComyssyoSs then beyng in the Shire, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, shall at the seid day and place pfixed for that pte wherunto he was limytted, appeare in his pper psone, and there the same ComyssyoSs beyng psent, or as many as shalbe appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Comyssion, shall call or cause to be called before them the seid Inhabytauntf and Officers to whome they have directed their seid pceptf, and whiche had in comaundem' there to appeal e by the seid pcept of the seid ComyssyoSs: And yf any psones so warned make defaulte, onelesse he then be letted by sycknes or laufull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by the Othes of two credable psones, or yf any appearyng refuse to be swome in so'me followyng, to forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Majesties sortie shyllyngf, and so at ev’y tyme appoynted by the seid ComyssyoSs for the seid Taxac&ns, unto suche tyme the nomber of evy suche psones have appeared and certefied in so'me under wrytten, and ev’y of them so makyng defaulte or refusyng to be swome, to forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f sortie shyllyngf, and upon the same Apparaunce had, one of the moost substaunciall Inhabytauntf or Officer so beyng warned and appearyng before the seid ComyssyoSs, shalbe swome upon a Booke openly before the ComyssyoSs in fourme following : I shall truly esquire w1 my Fellowes that shalbe charged w* Me of the Hundred Wepentake Warde Towne or other place, of the best and moost value of the Substaunce of evy psone dwellyng and abydyng w'in the lymittf of the Placf that I and my Fellowes shalbe charged w*, and of other whiche shall have his or their moost resorte unto any of the seid placf, and chargeable w‘ any some of Money by this Acte of this seid Subsedie, and of all other Articles that I shalbe charged w' touchyng the seid Acte, and accordyng to thintente of the same, and therupon as nere as it may or shall come to my knowlege, truly to psent and certefie before you the names surnames and the best and uttermoost substaunce and values of ev'y of them, aswell of Lands Tents and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Pfittf, as of Goods Cattallf Dettf and other thyngf chargeable by the seid Acte, w'out any concylement favo' love affecc&n drede feare or mallice, so helpe me God and the holly contents of this Booke: And evy other pson that shall appeare there yerely by the seid pceptf, shall make like Othe, and upon the Othe so taken as is aforeseid by the Inhabytauntf and Officers of epy Hundreds Warde Weapentake Towne or other place, the seid Comyssyoners shall openly there reade or cause to be redd unto them the seid Rats, and openly declare theffecte of their charge unto them, in what man! and so'me they ought and shulde make their Certificat, accordyng to the Rats and Somes therof abovesaid, and of almaS of psones, aswell of Alyens and Straungers Denizens or not Denizens inhabityng w'in this Realme, as of suche psones as be bo'ne w'in the Kyng and Quenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte; and of the Possessions Goods and Cattallf of Fraternities Guyldf Corpora cons Brotherhedf Mysteries and Cominalties and other as is aboveseid, and of psones being in the pties of beyonde the Seas, havyng Goods or Cattallf Lands or Tents w'in this Realme as is beforeseid, and of all Goods beyng in the Custody of any psone or psones, to thuse of any other as is aboveseid; by the wch Informacon and shewyng, the seid psons shall have suche playne knowlege of the true entente of this pnt Acte, and of the mail! of their Certificat, that the same psones sholde have no reasonable cause to execuse them by Ingnoraunce; And after suche Othes and the Statute of the seid Subsedie, and the man! of the seid Certificat to be made in wrytyng, conteynyng the names and surnames of ev*y psone, and whether he be bo'ne w'out the Kyngf and Quenes Obeysaunce or w'in, and the best value of ePy pson in ev*y degree, as well of yerely value of Lands and TeiStf 8c of suche like possession and pffittf, as the value of Goods and Cattallf Dettf and ev*y thynge to their Certificat requisite and necessary to them declared, the seid ComyssyoSs there beyng shall by their discressions appoynte and lymitt unto the seid psones another day and place to appeare before the seid ComyssyoSs, and chargyng the seid psones, that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent inquirye by all wayes and meanes of the pmysses, and then and there ev*y of them upon payne of forfeyture of sortie shyllyngf to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f, to appeare at the seid newe pfixed day and place, there to certefie unto the seid ComyssyoSs in wrytyng accordyng to their seid charge, and accordyng to the true intent of the seid Graunte of Subsedie, and as to them in maS aforeseid hathe byn declared and shewed by the ComyssyoSs; At whiche day and place so to them pfixed, yf any of the seid psones make defaulte, or appeare and refuse to make the seid Certificat, that then ev*y of them so offendyng to forfeyte to the King and Quenes Ma'f sortie shyllyngf. Except onely a reasonable excuse of his defaulte by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Othes of two credeble psones there witnessed, be had : And of suche as appeare ready to make Certificat as is aforeseid, the seid ComyssyoSs there beyng, shall take and receyve the same Certificat and ev'y pte therof, and the names values and substaunce of e9y psone so certefied ; and yf the same ComyssyoSs see cause reasonable, they shall examyn the seid Renters therof, and therupon the seid ComyssyoSs at the seid dayes and place by their agreament among themselff, shall from tyme to tyme openly there pfixe a day at a certeyne place or placf w'in the lymittf of their Comyssion by their discression, for their further pceadyng to the saide assessyng of the same Subsedie; and therupon at the seid day of the seid Certificat as is aforeseid taken, the same ComyssyoSs shall make their Pcepte or pceptf to the Constables Subcunstables Baylifff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Weapentakf Townes or other Placf aforeseid, as the same ComyssyoSs

A.D. 1555.

2°& 3° Phil. & Mar. c.23.

305

X'

iny,

klk:

H

c«*

hit

N

<t«H

■kii

in din rffci • *■ <■« kail

3*1

tftk;

I®

IKE

■*:

CS3S

<*

kv

lit

iv

t*

if'

IB'

i*

I*1

0

»*

I#

rf"

,u»

I*

I*

i*

y

shalbe of, comprysyng and conteynyng in the same pcept the names and surnames of all psones p'sented before them in the seid Certificat, of whome yf the seid ComyssyorJs, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Comyssion, shall then have vehement suspecte to be of more greter value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattallf or somes of Money owyng to them or other substaunce before seid, then upon suche psone or psones shalbe certefied, the same C.omyssyores shall make their p*cept or p*ceptf directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers comaunding the same Constables Baylifff or other Officers to whome suche pYept shalbe directed, to warne suche psones whose names shalbe comprised in the seid p>cept, at their Mansions or to their psones, that the same psones named in suche p>ceptf and ev’y of them shall psonally appeare before the seid Comyssyonls at the same newe pfixed day and place, there to be sworne and examyned by all wayes and meanes by the seid ComyssyoSs, of their gretest substaunce and best value, and of all and ev’y s5mes of money owyug to them, and other whatsoev’ matter concernyng the pmysses or any of them, accordyng to this Acte: At whiche day and place so pffixed, the seid Comyssyonls then there beyng, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Comyssion, shall cause to be called the seid psones whose names shalbe comprised in the seid pcept as is beforeseid, for their examynacon; And yf any of those psones whiche shulde be warned as is beforeseid to be examyned, whiche at any tyme after the wamyng and before the pfixed day shalbe w'in suche place where he may have knowlege of his seid appearaunce to be made, make defaulte and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable cause or els a reasonable excuse by the Othes of two credeble psones before the seid ComyssyorJs be truly alleged for his discharge, that then ev’y of them so makyng defaulte, to be taxed and charged to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f withe and at the doble somes of the Rate that he shulde or ought to have byn sett at, for and after the best value of his I.ande or Substaunce upon him certefied yf he had appeared, by the discression of the Comyssyor3s there beyng; And in like maS if any of them suspected as is beforeseid, appeare and refuse to be sworne in forme followyng, then ev’y such Offender to be taxed and charged to the Kyng and Quenes Majesties w* and at the doble s5mes of the Rate he shulde or ought to have byn sett at, for and after the beste value of his substaunce upon hym certefied by the seid psones that made the Certificat as is before seid, by the discressions of the said Comyssyores there then beyng; And w"1 Comyssyonls shall fvell w1 ev’y of the psones so then and there appearyng, whose names shalbe expressed in the said pcept or pceptf, and in whome any vehement suspecte was or shalbe had in so'me aboveseid, by all such suche wayes and meanes they can: And further the seid ComyssyorJs, or as many of them as shalbe herunto appoyted by the seid Comyssion, by their discressions shall openly swere the same psone in this man! and fourme followyng: I shall feithefully truly and playnely accordyng to my knowlege, shewe unto you the Kyng and Quenes ComyssyorJs and to other by yo" assigned, the beste and greatist value or above of all my yerely pfittf in Lands Teiitf Rents or suche other like Possessions yerely Proffitt and Fee, and the best and gretest value of all my Goods and Cattallf and somes of Money to me owyng accordyng to the Graunte of this Acte of Subsedie, and truly answere to that I shall be examyned of touchyng the pmysses, w'out covyn or deceipte. So helpe me God and the holly contents of this Booke. And yf any psone that shulde appeare, be excused in so'me aforeseid by witnes of credable psones, the same psones shall be examyned by their Othes of his or their gretest and best value and substaunce so lackyng and excused, and by the best of their Certificat or Knowlege, or of the other firste Certificat upon hym or them made, the same psone so lackyng and excused of his apparaunce to be sett and rated by the seid Comyssyofts, or otherwise to be sett and rated in this case as shall seme best by the discressions of the seid Comyssyonls ; And yf it happen to be pved by witnes his owne confession or other lawfull wayes or meanes w'in one yere after any such Othe made, that the same psone so taxed and sworne was of any greter or better value in Lands Goods or other Thyngf above specified at the tyme of his seid Othe, then the same psone so sworne did declare upon his Othe, that then suche psone so offendyng, shall lose and forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f as moche more in laufull money of Englande, as the same psone so sworne was sett and taxed at to pay for the seid Subsedie: And that ev’y Spuall psone at either of the said taxac&ns of the seid Subsedie, shalbe rated and sett accordyng to to the Rate aboveseid, of and for e9y pounde that the same Spirituall psone or any other to his use hathe by Discent Bargayne or Purchace, in Fee Symple Fee Tayle terme of Lyfe terme of Yeres by Execuc&n by Warde or by Coppy of Courte Roll, in any Mano’s Lands Tetltf Rents fvief Officf Fees Corrodies Annuities or Hereditamentf, after the true juste and yerely value therof, after and accordyng as other the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Subjects bo'ne w'in this Realme bee charged in fourme above remembred, so that it extende to the yerely value of twenty shyllyngf or above : And yf any pson certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, be he Comyssyofl or other, to any mare of value, dothe fynde hymself greyed w' the same pntment sessyng or taxyng, and therupon complayne to the ComyssyoSs before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed or before two of them, that then the seid Comyssyonls shalby all wayes and meanes examyn pticulerly and distynckely the psons so complayn*nte and other his neighbo's by their discression, of ev’y his Lands and Teiitf above specified, and of ev’y his Goods Cattallf and Debts above mentioned; And after due examynacbn and pfecte knowledge therof had and pceyved by the seid ComyssyoSs, whiche shall have power by thauctoritie aforeseid, the seid Comyssyonls or two of them to whome any suche complaynte shalbe made, by their discressions, upon the Othe of the seid psone so complaynyng, may abate defalke encrese or enlarge the same Assessement accordyng as it shall appeare to them juste upon the same examynacon: And the same some so abated defaulked encreased or enlarged, to be streated in so'me as hereafter ensueth, So that he cometh before the Estreatf of the same assessyng be delyv’ed by the seid Comyssyonls into the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequer; And if it be proved by witnes his owne confession or other laufull wayes or meanes w'in a yere after any suche Othe made, that the same psone so taxed and sworne was any better or greter value in Lands Goods or other thyngf above specified at the tyme of his seid Othe, then the same psone so sworne did declare upon his seid Othe; that then ev’y suche pson so offendyng shall lose and forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f so moche in lawfull money of Englande as the same psone so sworne was sett at

Partiei not appearing shall be rated Double

Partiet appearing shall be Iwom;

Form of Oath

Rating Partiei •o appearing, fcc.;

Penalty on Eradon by such Partiei, Doable Charge;

Rating Spiritual Pertoni for their Lay Poiieuioni;

Commissioners may decreaie or increaie Charge!, on Complaint to them;

Penalty on Eration on Pretext of Overcharge, Double Charge

306

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.23.

/i.D.\555.

VIII. Partie«shall berated where dwelling, fcc.

Commissioners within Shiresj Absentees where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate under Certificate, 8tc.

IX.

Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty.

None shall be doubly charged.

X.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced

Highest Rate shall be levied;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, Double Rate.

XI.

Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XII.

Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, &c.

or taxed to pay; And all psones sett rated and taxed as is aforeseid, shalbe bounde and charged by the same, and the some or somes upon him set to be due towards the payment of the seid Subsedie, and to be levyed as hereafter shalbe specified.

And it is also enacted by the seid auctoritie, That ev'y psone to be taxed at either of the seid taxac&ns as aforeseid, shalbe rated taxed and sett and the some on hym sett to be levyed at suche Place where he and his famely at the tyme of the same pntment to be made, shall kepe his House or Dwellyng, or where he then shall be moost conversaunt abydyng or resiaunt or shall have his moost resorte and shalbe best knowen at the tyme of the seid Certificat to be made, and no where els; and that no Comyssyon! for this Subsedie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shalbe Comyssyon!; An,. that yf any psone chargeable to this Acte the tyme of the seid assessyng, happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales or farre from the Place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was last abydyng in this Realme or win Wales and best knowen; And after the substaunce value and other pffittf of ev'y psone knowen by thexamynac&n Certifecat and other ma8 of wyse as is aforeseid, The seid Comyssyoiis, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Comission, shall after the Rate aforeseid, sett and taxe ev'y psone accordyng to the Rate of the substaunce and value of his Lands Goods and other Pfittf, wherby the greatest and moost best some accordyng to his moost substaunce by reason of this Acte might or may be sett or taxed.

Provided alwayes, That e9y suche psone w"1 shalbe sett or taxed for payment of and to this Subsedie, for and after the yerely value of his Lands Tents and other reall Possessions or Pfittf at any of the seid taxac&ns, shall not be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattallf or other movable Subtaunce at the same taxac&n: And he that shalbe charged or taxed for the same Subsedie for his Goods Cattallf and other Movables at any of the seid taxac&ns, shall not be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other reall Possessions and Rfittf aboveseid at the same taxac&n; nor that any person be doble charged for the seid Subsedie, neither sett or taxed at sev'all Placf by reason of this Acte; Any thing conteyned in this present Acte notw*standyng.

And that it be ordeyned by the seid auctoritie of this pnt Plyament, That no psone havyng two Mansions or two Placf to resorte unto, or callyng hymselfe householde fv'nte or waytyng #v*nte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f or other Lorde or Lady M' or Mysteres, be excused upon his saying from the taxe of the seid Subsedie in neither of the Placf where he may be sett, onles he bryng a Certifecat in wrytyng from the Comyssiohls where that he is so sett in deed at one place, And yf any other then Comyssyon! happen to be sett in two placf, upon Certificat therof made, the best and moost sdme upon hym so taxed to be taken and abide, and thother to be discharged, so that the same Certificat of his assessyngf and payment be made therof in wrytyng under the Seales of the ComyssyoSs or of as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Comyssyon, whiche Certificat so made shalbe at all tymes a sufficient discharge for hym and the Collecto' of the same, as well against any Collecto' that shall demaunde the same upon hym rated or taxed, as against the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f and all other psones: And yf any pson that ought to be sett by reason of his removyng or resortyng to two placf, or by reason of his saying that he elswhere was taxed, or by reason of any privilege by his dwellyng or abydyng in any place (not beyng forprised in this Acte) or otherwise by his covyn or crafte happen to escape from the seid taxac&ns or either of them and be not sett, and that pved by pntment examynac&n or Informac&n before the seid ComyssyoSs, or as many of them as shall be by the same Comyssion appoynted, or by the Barons of the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier, or two Justicf of the Peace of the Countie where suche psone dwelleth, then ev'y suche psone that by suche meanes or otherwise willyngly by covyne shall happen to escape from the seid taxac&ns or paymentf aforeseid or any of them, and not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowlege and prose therof w' and at the doble value that he shulde or ought to have byn sett at afore, accordyng to his behavyo': The same doble value to be levied gathered and paid of his Goods and Cattallf Lands and Tents towards the seid Subsedie, and further to be ponished accordyng to the discressions of the Barons Justicf and ComyssyoSs before whome he shalbe convycted for his Offence and Deceipte in that behalfe.

And further be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid. That the seid ComyssyoSs of ev'y Comyssion shall accordyng to their Divisions and after they be devided, have full power and auctoritie by this Acte, to sett taxe and sesse ev'y other ComyssyoS joyned w' them in ev'y suche Comyssion and Division, and shall also assesse ev'y Assesso' w*in their Division for his and their Goods Lands and other the pmysses as is aboveseid, by the whiche seid Comyssion the seid ComyssyoSs shall indyfferently sett taxe and sesse themselff and the said Assesso's; and that aswell the somes upon ev'y of the seid ComyssyoSs and Assessours so sessed rated and taxed as the somes made and pnted by the pntoures sworne as is aboveseid, shalbe written certefied sett and estreated and the Estreatf therof to be made w‘ other the Inhabytauntf of that pties within the lymittf of the same Comyssyon and Division so to be gathered and levyed, in like manner as it ought or shulde have byn yf the seid ComyssyoS had not byn in the seid Comyssion.

And that all psones of thestate of a Baron or Barones, and ev'y Estate above, shalbe charged w* their freeholde and value as is aforeseid, by the Chauncello' or Keper of the Grete Sealle Treasorer of Englande Lorde President of the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Privy Councell and Lord Pryvy Seale for the tyme beyng or other psones by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f auctoritie to be lymitted, and they to be charged for the seid sev'all paymentf of the seid Subsedie, after the so'me of the seid Graunte accordyng to the taxac&n aforeseid: And the somes upon them set, w* the names of the Collecto's appoynted for the gatheryng and paying of the same, to be extreated delyv'ed and certefied at dayes and placf above specified by the Lorde Chauncello' Treasorer Lorde President of the Councell and Lorde Pryvy Seale for the tyme beyng, or suche other psones as shalbe lymitted by the King and Quenes Ma'f.

A.D. 1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.23.

307

Hi

V

>«

ki

Hi

i

hi

k

n

88

And after the Taxes and Assesses of the seid Somes upon and by the seid assessyifig and Certificat as is aforeseid made, the seid ComywyoQs or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Comysson, shall w* all spede and without delay by the wrytyng extreated of the seid taxe therof, under the Seale and Signes Manuell of the seid ComyssyoSs, or of as many of them as shalbe appoynted at the lest to be made, shalbe delyvW unto sufficient and substauncyall Inhabytauntf Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Placf aforeseid win their Lymittf or to other sufficient p6ons Inhabyrtuf of the same onely, by the discression of the same Comyssyoffs, and as the place and pties shall require, aswell the pdculer names as surnames, as the remembraunce of all Somes of Money taxed and sett of and upon ev’y peone, as well Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Householders and all other Inhabytauntf and Dwellers win the seid Pishe Townes and Placf contrybutory to this Acte of Subsedie; by auctoritie of whiche wrytyng or estreyt so delyPed, the seid Officers or other Psones so named and deputed, sePally shall have full power and auctoritie by vertue of this Acte, ymediatly after the deliv*ie of the seid wrytyng or estreate, to demaunde levy and gather of ePy psone therin specified, the some or somes in the same wrytyng or estreate comprysed: And for none payment therof to distrayne the same psone or psones so beyng behynde by their Goods and Cattallf, & the Distresses so taken to kepe by the space of viij dayes at the Costs and Chargf of the Ow8 therof: And yf the seid Own! doo not pay suche some of money as shalbe taxed by this Acte, win the same eight dayes, then the same Distresse to be appraysed by foure three or two of the Inhabytauntf where suche Distresse is taken, and also to be solde by the seid Constable and other Collector for the payment of the seid money, And the oPplus comyng of the sale and kepyng therof yf any be, to be ymediatly restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; Whiche seid Officers and other psones so deputed to aske take gather and levy the seid somes, shall answere and be charged for the porcbn onely to them assigned or lymitted, to be gatherd levyed 8c comprised in the seid wrytyng or estreate to them as is beforeseid delyv’ed, unto the use of our Sov'aigne Lorde and Lady the Kyng and the Quenes Ma'f, and theires and successo's of our seid Sov'aigne Lady the Quene : And the seid some in that wrytyng or estrayte comprised, to pay unto the high Collecto' or Collecto's of that place for the Colleccbn of the same, in ma8 and fourme under wrytten therunto to be named and deputed, and the same lnhabyt*untf and Officers so gatheryng the same pticuler somes, for their Colleccbn therof shall reteyne for ev'y Twenty Shyllyngf so by them received and paide two pence, and that to be allowed at the payment of their Colleccbn by them to be made to the High Collecto' or Collecto's.

And further be it enacted by the seid auctoritie, That the seid Cotnyssioris or the more pte of them as shall take upon them the execucbn and busynes of the seid Comyssion, shall for either of the same paymentf of the seid Subseide, name suche sufficient and able psones whiche then shall have and possede Land and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right, of the yerely value of xii. or Goods to the value of one hundred .nikf at the lest, and the psones sePally by the discressions of the same ComyssyoSs in the Shires Rydyngf Lathes Weapentakf Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoev* placf, as well win placf previleged as w'out, not beyng forprised w*in this Acte, to be high Collecto's, and have the Colleccbn and Receipte of the seid Somes sett and levyable win the pcyncte lymitt and boundf where they shalbe so lymitted to gather and receyve; To ev*y of the whiche Collecto's so sePally named, the seid ComyssyoSs or two of them at the leste shall w' all spede and w'out delay after the seid whole some of the seid Subsedie be sett by all the lymittf of the same their Comission, or in such lymittf as the high Collecto's shalbe so sev’ally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signes Manuell delyv* one estreate indented in Pchement, to ev*y of the seid high Collecto's comprysyng in hit the names of all suche psones as were assigned to levy the seid pticuler somes, and the somes of e^y Hundred Wapentake Towne or other Place aforeseid, w* the names and surnames of the psones so chargeable accordyng to the estreate so firste therof made as is aforeseid and delyv'ed: And the Collecto' so to be assigned, shalbe charged to answere the whole some comprised in the seid estreate lymitted to his colleccbn as is aforeseid.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the auctoritie aforeseid, That the seid ComyssyoSs havyng auctoritie

by this Acte to name and noiate the seid high Collecto's of the seid Subsedie, shall ymediatly upon the nominafbn

and ellecdbn, take by auctoritie of this pnt Plyament sufficient Recognisauncf or Obliga£bns w'out any Fee or

Rewarde to be paide therfore of every psone so by them to be named, to be high Collectour, to be bounde

to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f in doble some of the some of his Collecfbn, and to be endorsed and made upon suche Condicbn, that is to say, for the Collecfbn of the seid firste payment of the seid Subsedie, That if the seid Collecto' his heires or executo's do truly contente and pay to thuse of the Kyng and Quenes Majesties, and theires and executo's of the Quenes Ma"' in their Receipte of their Exchequier before the firste day of Marche next comyng, so moche of the seid some of money allotted and appoynted to his Collecfbn as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and pay the Residue of his Colleccbn and Charge win one monethe next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue; That then the said Recognisaunce or Obligafbn to be voide, or els to stande in full strength and vertue: And for the Colleccbn of the seid seconde payment of the seid Subsedie, upon condifbn. That if the seid Collecto' his heires or executo's do truely contente and pay to thuse of the Kyng and Quenes Majesties, and theires or executo's of the Quenes Majestie, in their Receipt of their Exchequier before the twenty day of Maye whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande fyve hundred fyftie and seven, so moche of the seid some of money alloted and appoynted to his Colleccbn as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and pay the Residue of his Colleccbn and Charge win one monethe next after suche tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the seid Recognisaunce or Obligacbn to be voide or els to stande in full strength and vertue: Whiche seid sev'all Recognisauncf or Obligacbns so taken, the said Comyssyotis shall sePally certefie and dely£* into the Kyng and Quenes Ma’f Exchequier with the sePall Certificatf of the seid taxacbns and

XIII.

After Assessment Estreat! shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collector.

XIV. Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums to levied.

XV.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners ; Penalty agio.

Go

308

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 23.

A.D. 1555.

High Collector* shall call on Constable!, See. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure Constables, Sc. may be distrained.

XVI.

Assessors and Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XVII.

In case of Death of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming, High Collectors shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against such Parties, &c.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, fee. of Parties chargeable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, tee.

rats of the paymentf of the seid Subsedie at and by the tyme to them (Pscribed and appointed by this Acte for the Certificat of the seid sePall taxacons of the seid Subsedie, upon payne of forfeyture of tenne pounds to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f for every Recognisaunce or Obligac&n not certefied: And that ePy suche Collecto' so elected named and choseyn upon request to hym made, shall knowlege and make the seid Recognisaunce or Obligacon, upon like payne and forfeyture of Tenne Pounds to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f for the refusall therof, and every suche Collecto’ so deputed, havyng the seid Estreate in Pchement as is aforeseid, shall have auctoritie by this Acte to appoynte dayes and placf w'in the Circute of his Collecc&n, for the Payment of the seid Subsedie to hym to be made, and therof to give warnyng by Pclamac&n or otherwise to all the seid Constables or other psones or Inhabytauntf havyng the charge of the pticuler Collecc&n w'in the Hundreds Pishes Townes or other Placf by hym or them lymitted, to make payment for their seid pticuler collection of ev*y some as to them shall appteyne: And yf at the seid

daye and place so lymitted and pffixed by the seid Collectour, the seid Constables Officers or other psones or

Inhabitauntf as is beforeseid, for the seid pticuler collecc&n appoynted and assigned w'in such Hundred Citie Towne or other place, do not pay unto the seid Collector the some w'in their recall Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Placf due and comprised in the seid Estreate therof to them delyv'ed by the seid C.omyssyonis or some of them as is beforeseid, or so moche therof as they have by any meane receyved (Two pence of eVy Pounde for the seid pticuler Collecc&n as is beforeseid, alwayes to be therof allowed excepted and abated) That then it shalbe laufull to the seid hyghe Collecto's and ev*y of them and to their Assignes, to distrayne ePy of the seid Constables Officers and

other Inhabyt'untf for their said severall and pticuler Collecc&n of the seid Somes comprised in the seid Estreate

and Wrytyng therof to them and ev'y of them as is before expressed delyv^ed, or for as moche of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and behynde and unpaide, by the Goods and Cattallf of ev’y of them so beyng behynde, and the Distresse so taken to be kept appraysed and solde as is aforeseid, and

therof t} take and levy the Somes so then beyng behynde and unpaide, and the ov'plus c5ming of the sale of the

seid Distresse yf any be, to be restored and delyv'ed unto the Ow9 in so'me above remembred.

Provided alwayes that no psone inhabitig in any Citie Borrough or Towne Corporate, shall be compelled to be an Assesso' or Collecto' of or for any pte of the seid Subsedie in any place or placf out of the seid Citie Borrough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And It is also by the seid auctoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabytaunte or Officer or whatsoev* psone or psones charged to and for the Collecc&n or Receyte of any pte or porc&n of the seid Subsedie, by any ma8 of meanes accordyng to this Acte, or any psone or psones for themselff, or as Keper Gardyan Deputie Facto' or Atto'ney of or for any other psone or psones of any Goods and Cattallf of the Owner therof, at the tyme of the seid assessyng to be made being out of this Realme, or in any other ptf not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattallf of any other psone or psones of any Corporac&n Fraternitie Mystery or other whatsoev* Cominaltie beyng incorporate or not incorporate, and all psones havyng in their Rule Gov*n*nce and Custody any Goods or Cattallf at the tyme of the seid assessyng or any of them to be made, or whiche for any cause for and by collecf&n or for hymselfe or for any other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule GovViance or Custodie of any Goods or Cattallf of any other psone or psones Corporac&n Cominaltie Fraternitie Guylde or Mystery or any suche other like, or as Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for any psone, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to any some or s5mes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessyng upon any suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w* the Receipt of the same, happen to dye or departe from the place where he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattallf so eloyned, or in suche pryvy and covert maS kept, as the seid psone or psones charged w* the same by Extreatf or other Wrytyngf from the seid

ComyssyorJs, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the seid Comyssion as is aforesaid, can ne may

levy the same s5me or somes comprised w'in their seid Extreatf by distresse w'in the lymittf of their Collecc&n as is beforeseid, or cannot sell suche distresse or distresses as be taken for any of the seid paymentf before the tyme lymitted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Kynge and Quenes Ma'f Receipte, then upon relac&n therof made w' due examynac&n by the Othe or Examynac&n of suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w‘ and for the Receipte and Collecc&n of the same before the seid Comyssyo9s, or as many of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche psone or psones or other as is aforeseid their Goods and Cattallf were sett and taxed, and upon playne Certificat therof made in the Kyng and Quenes Ma’f Exchequier by the same ComyssyoSs, as well of the Dwellyng Place Names and Somes of the seid psones of whome the seid somes cannot be levyed and had as is aforeseid, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabitauntf appoynted for the seid pticuler Collecc&n, against the High Collecto's, as the High Collecto' upon his accompte and Othe in the seid Exchequier, to be discharged therof and pcesse to be made for the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f out of the seid Exchequier by the discression of the Barons of the Exchequier against suche psone his heires or executo's so beyng behynde w‘ his payment: And o9 that the same ComyssyoSs to whome any suche declarac&n of the p>mysses shalbe made in so'me aforeseid, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and auctoritie to directe their p>cepte or p>ceptf unto the seid psone or psones charged w' any s5me of for or upon any such psone or psones or other as is aboveseid, or to any Sheriff Stewarde Bayliff or other whatsoev1 Offycer Mynister Psone or Psones of suche Place or Placf where any suche psone or psones so owyng suche s5me or s5mes shall have Lands and Teiitf or other Hereditamentf, or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattallf wherby any suche psone or psones so indetted, his heires executo's or assignes or other havyng the Custody Gov’n'nce or Disposic&n of any Goods Cattallf Lands Teiitf or other Hereditamentf whiche ought or may by this Acte Iaufully be distrayned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattallf Lands Teiitf and other Possessions wherof suche some or somes whiche by any suche psone or psones may or ought to bee levyed, be it w'in the lymittf of suche Comyssyon where suche psone or psones was

Gou

Origirval from

A.D. 1556.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.23,

309

!ft»

•ft.

'ft.

‘"ft

«n»

l»ft

Ob,

«ft

[®i»

ftH.

"ft.

tin

fft.,

ifc

ftjr

S»k‘

ftp

tm

law

i>ki

jCi*

/(in

tw

RIB

1* Mil I at Mink' e,*»’ * >» iC* * r*«

>/*

AM*

if'1

A*’

i*

and were taxed, or w‘out, in any place w'in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Kyng and Quenes Maf Domynions Marches or Territories; By whiche p*cepte as well suche psone or psones as shalbe charged to levy soche money as the Officers of the Place or Placf where suche distresse may be taken, shall have full power and auctoririe to distrayne ev'y suche psone indebted charged and chargeable by this Acte, or his execute's or administratours of his Goods and Cattallf, his Gardyans Facto's Deputies Lessees Fermo's and Assignes and all other psones by whose Hands or out of whose Lands any suche psone should have Rent Fee Annuitie or other Pffitt, or whiche at the tyme of the seid Assessyngf shall have Goods or Cattallf or any other thing movable of any such psone or psones beyng indetted or owyng suche some: And the Distresses so taken, caused to be kept appraysed and solde, in like man and fourme as is aforeseid for the Distresse to bee taken upon psones to be taxed to the seid Subsedie, and beyng sufficient to distrayne w'in the lymyttf of the Collecto's Inhabytauntf or other Officers charged with or for the same somes so upon them to be taxed: And yf any suche Distresse for none payment happen to be taken out of the lymitt of the seid psones charged and assigned to levy the same, the psones so charged for the levie of e9y suche some by Distresse, shall pceyve and take of the same Distresse for the labo' of ev'y psone goyng for thexecucbn thereof, for evy Myle that any suche pson so laboreth for the same, two pence; And ev'y Fermo' Ten'nte Gardyan Facto' or other whatsoev* Psone beyng distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of any suche some or somes or any other some by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche s5me or somes of hym or them so levyed and taken, discharged and acquited at his next day of payment of the same, or at the deliPie of suche Goods and Cattallf as he that is so distrayned had in his custodie and govVnce, against hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett;

Any Graunte or Wrytyng obligatory or other whatsoev' matter to the contrary made heretofore notw'standyng:

And yf any suche psone that shulde be so distrayned have no Lands or Tents sufficient wherby he or his Ten*ntf On Failure of

and Fermo's may be distreyned, or hathe eloyned alyened or hidd his Goods and Cattallf wherby he shulde or CommUiionm may

might bee distreyned, in such maS that suche Goods and Cattallf shall not be knowen or founde, so that the

some of or by hym to be paide in the seid fourme shall ne can be conveniently levyed; then upon relac&n of the Party

therof unto the ComyssyoSs or to as many of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted where

suche psone or psones was taxed and sett, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe charged w' the levye and until Payment;

payment of that s5me or s5mes, the same ComyssyoSs shall make a p*cept in suche maS as is aforeseid, for to

attache take and arrest the bodie of suche psone or psones that ought to pay the seid somes, and by this Acte

shalbe charged w‘ and for the seid some or somes, and them so taken saufely to kepe in pryson w'in the Shire or

other Place where any suche psone or psones shalbe taken and attached, there to remayne w’out Bayle or Maynepryse

until he have paide the same some or somes that suche psones for hymselfe or for any other by this Acte shalbe

chargeable or ought to be charged w'all; And also for the Fees of ev'y suche arreste to hym or them that shall

execute suche p'cepte, Twenty pence: And that ev'y Officer unto whome suche [Pcept shalbe directed, do his true

diligence and execute the same upon ev'y psone so beyng indebted, upon payne to forfeyte to the Kynge and

Quenes Ma'f for ev'y defaulte in that behalfe Twenty shyllyngf; And that no Keper of any Gaole from his Gaole

suffer any suche psone to go at large by lettyng to Bayle or otherwise to depte out of his Pryson before he have

paide his seid dett, and the seid xx d. for the seid Arrest, upon payne to forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f

Fortie shyllyngf: And the same Gaoler to pay unto the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f the doble value aswell of the

Rate whiche the seid psone so imprisoned was taxed at, as of the seid twenty pence for the Fees: And like Like Proem

Processe and Remedy in like so'me shalbe granted by the seid ComyssyoSs, or as many of them as by the seid *fi»rg«b"fot*

Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, at like informac&n of ev'y psone or psones beyng charged w' any some of other*

money for any other psone or psones by reason of the seid Subsedie and not therof paide but wilfully w'drawen,

ne the same levyable w'in the Lymittf where suche psone was therunto taxed: And yf the some or somes beyng Certificate of all

behynde unpaide by any psone or psones as is aforeseid, be levied and gathered by force of the seyd pcesse to be j{

made by the seid ComyssyoSs, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of payment therof, the psone or psones so owyng

the seid some or somes of money by pcesse of the same ComyssyoSs to be made as is aforeseid, be comytted

to Pryson in so'me aboveseid, that then the same ComyssyoSs whiche shall awarde suche pcesse, shall make Certificat

therof in the seid Exchequier of that shalbe don in the pmysses in the Terme next followyng, after suche some

or somes of money so beyng behynde shalbe levyed and gathered, or soche psone or psones for none payment

of the same comytted to Pryson: And if it happen any of the seid Collecto's to be assigned, or any Maior Sheriff Collectors and

Steward Constables the Hed Borowe Householder Bayliff or any other Officer or Mynister or other whatsoev' pson COTmistbnc™/*11*

or psones to dysobey the seid Comyssyoners or any of them in the reasonable Request to them made by the seid Fer"’"‘ to

ComyssyoSs for execuebn of the seid Comyssion, Or yf any of the Officers or other psons do refuse that to examined, or being

them shall appteyne or belonge to do by reason of any p'cept to hym or them to bee directed, or any reasonable ^b^ariour

Comaundement Instaunce or Request touchyng the pmysses, or other default in any apparaunce or collecc&n to may be fined and

make, Or yf any pson beyng suspecte or not to be indyfferently taxed as is aforeseid, do refuse to be examyned

accordyng to the Teno' of this Acte before the seid ComyssyoSs, or as many of them as shalbe therunto assigned

as is aforeseid, or will not appeare before the saime ComyssyoSs upon warnyng to him made, or els make resystaunce

or rescous upon any Distresse upon hym to be taken for any pcell of the seid Subsedie, or comytte any mysbehavo'

in any maS of wise contrary to this Acte, or comytt any wylfull omyssion or other whatsoev5 wylfull not doyng or

mysdoyng contrary to the Teno' of this Acte or Graunte, the same ComyssyoSs and ev'y nomber of them above

remembred, or two of them at the leste, upon pbable knowlege of any suche mysdemeaSs had by informac&n or

examynacon shall and may sett upon every suche Offender for ev'y suche Offence, in name of a Fyne by the same

Offender to be forfeyted, Forty shyllyngf or under, by the discression of the same ComyssioSs: And further the

same ComyssyoSs, and every nomber of them, to two of them at the lest, shall have auctoritie by this pnt Acte

to ponnishe ev'y suche Offender by Imprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyv'ed by their discression as shall

310

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.23.

A.D. 1555.

XVIII. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves, Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

XIX. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, &c. shall not be Collectors, &c.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XX.

After Assessment, &c. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments with the Names of Collectors, Fines, See.

Separate Certificates may be made where Commissioners do not all agree;

seme to them convenient; The seid Fynes, yf any suche be to be certefied by the seid ComyssioSs that so assessed the same into the seid Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier, there to be levyed and paide by the Collecto's of that ptf for the seid Subsedie retorned into the seid Exchequier, to be therw' charged w' the payment of the seid Subsedie, in suche man! as yf the seid Fynes had byn set and taxed upon the seid Offenders for the seid Subsedie.

It is also enacted by the seid auctoritie of this Pliament, That ePy of the seid High Collecto's w* shall accompte for any pte of the seid Subsedie in the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier upon the sePall said Accomptf to be yelded, shalbe allowed at ePy of the seid paymentf of the seid Subsedie for ePy pounde lymited to his Collecc&n wherof any suche Collecto' shalbe charged and yelde accompte sixe pence, as pcell of their Charge, that is to say; Of ePy pounde therof for suche psone as then have had the pticuler Collecc&n in the Townes and other Placf as is aforeseid specified in his Collecc&n, Two pence, and other ij d. of ePy pounde therof ePy of the seid Chief Collecto's there accomptaunte to receyve to their owne use for their labo' and charge in and aboute the p>mysses, and Two pence of ePy pounde residue, to be delyped allowed and payed by the seid Collecto's so beyng therof allowed co suche of the ComyssyoSs as shall take upon them the Busynes and Labo' for and aboute the phnysses* That is to say; Epy Collecto' to pay that ComyssyoS or ComyssyoSs whiche had the ordryng of the Wrytyngf of and for the said Subsedie where the seid Collectour or Collectours had their Collecc&n, for expencf of the seid ComyssyoSs so takyng upon them the seid Busynes and Labo' of their Clerkf wrytyng the seid pcept and Estratf for the seid Collecc&ns, the same last Two Pence of epy Pounde to be devided amongest the seid ComyssyoSs, havyng regarde to their Labo' and Busynes, taken by them or their seid Clerkf in and aboute the pmysses, for the whiche pte so to the seid ComyssyoSs attaynyng, the seid ComyssyoSs, vj. v. iiij. iij. or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, and epy of them joyntly and sePally for his and their seid pte, may have his Remedy against the seid Collecto' or Collecto's whiche therof byn and might have byn allowed, by Acc&n of Dett, in which the Defendaunt shall not wage his Lawe neither Ptecc&n neither Injunccon or other Essoigne shalbe allowed.

And that no psone nowe beyng of the nomber of the Company of this pnt Pliament, nor any ComyssyoS, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto* or Subcollecto* or pntto' of the seid Subsedie, or of any pte therof, nor no ComyssyoSs shalbe compelled to make any psentment or Certificat other then in the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier of for or concemyng the seid Subsedie, or any pte therof; and likewise that none other psone that shalbe named or assigned to be ComyssyoSs in any place to and for thexecuc&n of this Acte of Subsedie, be or shalbe assigned or named Hed Collecto' of any of the Paymentf of the seid Subsedie, neither of any pte therof; And that epy suche psone or psones whiche shalbe named and appoynted (as is aforeseid) to be Hed Collecto' in and for the firste payment of this Subsedie, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the seconde payment of the same Subsedie, nor of any pte therof; And the seid Collectours whiche shalbe assigned for the Collecc&n of the seid Subsedie, or for any pte thereof, and ePy of them, be and shalbe acquited and discharged of almaS Fees Rewardf and of ePy other Chargf in the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier or elswhere, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collecc&n Payment or Accomptf, or any thyng concemyng the same to be asked ; and that yf any psone receyve and take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of any suche Accomptaunt, that then he shall forfeyte to the Kyng and the Quenes Ma'f for every penny or value of penny so taken. Twenty pence, and suffer Imprisonment at the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Pleasure.

And after the taxyng and assessyng of the seid Subsedies as is aforeseid had & made, and the seid Estreatf therof in pchement unto the Collecto's in man! and so'me before rehersed delyped, the seid ComyssyoSs whiche shall take upon them thexecuc&n of this Acte w'in lymittf of their Comyssion, by their agreamentf shall have metyng together, at whiche Metyng epy of the seid Comyssyoners whiche then shall have taken upon them thexecuc&n of any pte of the seid Comyssion, shall by hymselfe or by his sufficient Deputie, truly certifie and bring for the unto the seid ComyssyoSs named in the seid Comyssion, the Certificat and pntment made before hym and suche other ComyssyoSs as were lymitted w' hym in one lymitt; So that the same Certificat may be accompted and cast w' other Certificatf of the other lymittf w'in the same Comyssyon, and then the seid ComyssyoSs and epy number of them, unto two at the lest as is aforeseid, yf any be in lyfe, or their Executo's or Administratours of their Goods if they be then dedd, shall joyntly and sePally, as they were devided w'in their lymittf, under their Seales by their discression make one or sePall wrytyngf indented, conteynyng in hit as well the names of the seid Collecto's by the ComyssioSs for suche Collecc&n and Accompte in the Exchequer, and payment in the seid Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and sePall somes, wrytten unto epy suche Collecto' to receyve the seid Subsedie ; And also all Fynes AiSciamentf and other Forfeytures, yf any suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w'in the pcyncte and lymitte of their Comyssion, to be certefied into the seid Kyng and Quenes Ma"" Exchequier by the seid ComyssyoSs, in whiche Wrytyng or Wrytyngf indented so to be certefied, shalbe playnely declared and expressed the hole and entire some or somes of the seid Subsedie sePally lymitted to the collecc&n of the seid Collecto's severally deputed and assigned to the collecc&n of the said somes: So that none of the seid Collecto's so certefied in the seid Exchequer, shalbe compelled there to accompte, or to be charged, but onely to and for the some lymytted to his Colleccon, and not to or for any some lymitted to the Collecc&n of his Fellowe, but that epy of them shalbe sePally charged for their ptf lymited to their Collecc&n; And yf the seid ComyssyoSs, joyned in one Comyssion amongest themselff in that matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not reddy or refuse to make Certificat w' other of the same ComyssyoSs, that then the same ComyssyoSs may make sePall Indentures in so'me aforeseid of their sePall lymittf or sepac&ns of Collecto's w'in the lymittf of their Comission, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf Lathes Rapes or suche other like Divisions w'in their seid sev’all Lymittf of their Comission, as the placf there shall require to be sePed and devided, and as to the same ComyssyoSs shall seme good, to make Divisions of their Lymittf or Collecc&ns for the sepal 1 Chargf of the same Collecto's; so that alwaye one Collecto' shalbe charged, and accompte for his pte to hym to be lymitted onely by hymselfe, and not for any some lymitted to the pte of any of his Fellowes

A.V.1555.

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c.23.

311

I*

s

S

*«i

•Qtj

«»

'*4

’Hk

r>wi

tu

h

tk,

tei

■ ia

Prti

rfh.

at®

km

Eat

mi

f*

*!(i!

Pra

ek

■IF

dtB

it

>ii

ifcs

H<

ari

«r<»

rff

ilt>

OH

■«*

ks*

0*’’

<H*

F*’

rft*

t#

And the Chargf of ev*y of the Collector to be sett and certefied sev’ally upon them, and ev*y suche Collecto' upon Collectors shall

his Accompte and Payment of the Some of Money lymitted w'in his Collec&n, to be se&ally by hymselfe acquited and reiperti*eDi«trict»i

discharged in the seid Exchequier, w‘out paying any ma8 of Fees or Rewardf to any psone or psones for the same,

upon the payne and penalde laste abovesaid, and not to be charged for any porftta of any other Collecto'

And yf any ComyssyoS after he hathe taken Cerdficat of them that as is aforeseid, shall before any suche ComyssyoS E*«^for*

be examyned, and the S5mes rated and sett, and the Books and Wrytyngf therof beyng in his Hands, Or yf any Commissioners or

Collecto' or other psone charged w1 any Receipte of any pte of any of the seid Subsedies, or any other psone taxed

or otherwise by this Acte charged w' and for any pcell of the seid Subsedies, or w* any other S5mes, or Fine their Duties;

Aniciament Penalde or other Forfeyture, happen to dye before the ComyssioS Collecto' or other whatsoev1 psone

or psones have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that w* to ev*y suche psone shall appteyne

or belongyng to do accordyng to this Acte, Then the execute's and heircs of ev*y suche psone and all other seased

of any Lands or Tents, that any suche psone beyng charged by this Acte, and desceasyng before he be discharged

therof, or any other to his use onely, had of estate of enheritaunce at the tyme that any suche psone was named

ComyssyoQ Collecto' or otherwise charged w' and for any maS of thyng to be don satisfied or paide by reason of this

Acte, and all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods or Cattallf that were to any suche psone at the

tyme of his deathe, or any Lands or Tents that were the same psones at the tyme he was as is aforeseid charged by

this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplishe in eQy case as the same psone so beyng

charged shulde have don, and might have byn compelled to do yf he had byn in playne lyfe, after suche Rate of

the Lands and Goods of the seid ComyssyoS or Collecto' as the pty shall have in his Hande: And yf the same Form of the fir»t

, ii , , . .. _ Certificate where all

Comyssyoners for causes resaonable them movyng shall thynke it not convenient to joyne in one Certificat as the Commissioners

ys beforeseid, then the seid psone or psones that shall firste joyne together, or he that shall firste certefie the seid ^ 001 j°*n-

Wrytyng indented as is aforeseid, shall certefie all the Names of the ComyssyoSs of that Comyssion, wherupon

suche Wrytyngf shalbe there then to be certefied, w* Division of the Hundreds Weapentakf Wards Tythyngf or

other placf to and amonga suche Comyssyonts of the same Comyssion, w® the Names of the same CorayssioSs

wher suche sepacbns and divisions shalbe, with the grose somes of Money, as well of and for the seid Subsedie,

taxed or sett of or w'in the seid Hundreds Wards Weapentakf or other placf to hym or them devided or assigned,

that shall so certefie the seid first Wrytyng, as of Fynes AnJciamentf Penalties or other Forfeytures, yf any happen

to be w'in the same limittf, wherof the same Wrytyngf shalbe certified, and after suche Wrytyng indented whiche as is

aforeseid shalbe certefied, and not conteyne in hit the hoole and full sumes sett and taxed w'in the lymittf of the

same Comission, the other ComyssioSs of the same before the day of payment of the seid Subsedie, shall certefie

into the seid Exchequier by their Wrytyng or Wrytyngf indented to be made as is aforeseid, the grosse and sepall

somes sett and taxed w'in the placf to them Unfitted for the seid Subsedie, and other Fynes AiSciamentf Penalties

and Forfeytures, w‘ the names of the Hundreds Wards Wepentakf and other placf to them assigned, or els by their

seid Wrytyngf indented, to certefie at the seid place before the seid daye of payment, soche reasonable causes for their

excuses why they may not make suche Certificat of and for the seid Subsedie, w0* Fynes Aniciamentf and other

Forfeytures growyng or sett by reason of the causes of their lettf or of their none certefying as is aboveseid, or els in

defaulte therof pcesse to be made out of the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier, against the seid ComyssyoSs and ePy

of them not makyng Certificat as is aforeseid, by the discression of the Treasorer or Barons of the seid Exchequier.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That the Inhabytauntf of the Pishe of Seynt sumfotdBeron Martyn called Stampford Barron in the Suburbes of the Burrowe and Towne of Staunford in the Suuthe pte of the »h*H be rated in Water there called Wellande, whiche hereafter shalbe contributory to the payment of this pnt Subsedie graunted Lincoln*,ir*'

to the Kyng and Quenes Majesties their heires and successo's, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this tyme by

suche ComyssyoSs whiche shalbe appoynted for the taxyng ratyng and sessyng of suche Subsedie or Taxe w'in the Countie of Lyncolne, and shalbe for this tyme contrybutory, and pay the seid Subsedie to the Collecto' or

Collecto’s whiche shalbe assigned and appoynted for the levying and gatheryng of the same, w' the Aldermen and

Burges of the seid Burrough and Towne of Stampford.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That all and e9y psone and psones having p, umifUuia^ Mano’s Lands Tents or other Hereditamentf chargeable to the Payment of the Subsedie graunted to the Kyng Lands, and Spiritual and Quenes Majesties by this Acte, and also havyng Spiritual! Possessions chargeable to their seid Majesties by

the Graunte made by the Clargye of this Realme in this their Convocac&n, and over this havyng Substaunce in charged for

Goods and Cattallf chargeable by this seid Acte, That then yf any of the seid psone or psones be hereafter Personalty only, charged assessed and taxed for the seid Mano's Lands and Tents and Spuall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his or their Goods and Cattallf, That then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Acte not doubly charged, for his and their seid Mano's Lands Tents Hereditamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his seid Goods and Cattallf the best therof to be taken for the King and Quenes Ma'f, and not to be charged for bothe or

doble charged for any of them ; Any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw'standyng.

Provided alwayes. That this Graunte of Subsedie nor any other thyng therin conteyned, in any wise extende to Exemprtfoi^for charge the Inhabytauntf or Dwellers w'in Ireland Callys Hammes Guysnes and the niches of the same, Jernsey and Lands, Personalty, Gemesey or any of them, of or concemyng any Mano's Lands Tents or other Possessions Goods Cattallf or ireU^Trince, other movable Substaunce wcfc the seid Inhabytauntf or Dwellers, or any other to their Use, have w'in Irelande Jersey,orGuemsey. Callys Hames Guysnes or other the niches of the same, Jernesey Gerneseye or in any of them, of for or concemyng any Fees or Wags, whiche any of the seid Inhabytauntf or Dwellers have of the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f for their Attendaunce and doyng fvice to o' seid Sov*aigne Lorde and Lady in Irelande Callys Hames Guysnes and the nichies of the same, Jernesey and Gamesey, or in any of them; Any thyng in this pnt Acte to the contrary notw'standyng.

L.

312

2° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 23.

A.D. 1555.

XXIV. Exemption for English Inhabitant! of the Northern Counties.

XXV. Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

[Stt $ III.]

XXVI.

Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, Stc.

XXVII. Persons chargeable with Myses in Wales shall not be charged with Subsidy under this Act until after the Termination of such Myses.

XXVIII.

Certificate of Termination of such Myses.

XXIX.

Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXX. Exemption of Colleges in the Universities of Winchester, Eton, &c. and Hospitals, &c.

Provided also, That this pnt Acte of Subsedie ne any thyng therm conteyned extende to any of the Englishe Inhabytauntf or Resyauntf in any of the Counties of Northumberland Comberlande Westfilande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and the Bisshoprick of Durhhn, nor to any of them, of for or concernyng any Mano's Lands Tefitf or other Possessions Goods Cattallf or other movable substaunce whiche the same Inhabitauntf or Dwellers or any other to their use have w'in the seid Counties of Northumbland Cumberland WestiSlande or the Towne of Barwick the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne or the Bisshoprick of Durh'm or any of them, or of for or concernyng any Fees or Wags whiche any of the seid Inhabytauntf or Dwellers have of the Kyng and Quenes Ma*f for their attendaunce and doyng fvice to the King and Quenes Ma'f, for or w'in the seid Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westnilande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and the Bisshoprick of Durh'm or any of them, to or for the seid taxyng levying gatheryng or payment, but that the Englishe Inhabytauntf and Resyauntf and ePy of them of the seid Counties Bisshopricke and Townes, and e^y of them, shalbe of and from the seid Subsedie and e$y pcell therof, and for their Mano's Lands Teiitf Fees Wags Goods and Cattallf lying and beyng in the same Counties Townes and Bisshoprickf or any of them, utterly acquited and discharged; Any thyng in this pnt Acte before rehersed to the contrary notw'standyng.

Provided also, that all ires Patentf graunted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f or any of their most noble Pgenito's, to any Citties Borroughes or Townes w'in this Realme, of any man! of Liberties Privilegf or Exempcbns from the burdon and charge of any suche Grauntf of Subsedies, whiche be at this pnt tyme in force and vayleable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the seid Cities Borrowes and Townes heereafter, accordyng to the purportf therof; though the Inhabytauntf of the same shall upon the greate and weightie consideracfin of the Graunte aboveseid be for this Graunte charged and contributory, in like man! so'me and sorte as other Cities Borrowes and Townes be not in any wise pryvileged be from suche Graunte of Subsedie excepted.

Provided alwayes, and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That no Orphant or Infant w'in the age of xxj yere, bo'ne w'in any of the Kyngf and Quenes Ma'f Domynions, shalbe charged to any payment of this Subsedie for his Goods and Cattallf to him lefte or bequethed ; Any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notw'standyng.

Provyded also and Be yt enacted, That for as moche as dyv*se and sondrye the Kyngf & Quenes Mall" Ten'ntf and other Inhabytantf and Dwellers w'in the Countyes of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardygan Glamorgan Breknocke Radno' Mounegon)ye Denbighe Flynt Merioneth Anglesey Carnarvan and the Countye Palentyne of Chester, be at this present tyme charged and chargeable w* the seVall Paymentf of dyv'se grete Somes of Money by the Name of Myse, due to their Ma1", according to the sev’all Customes of the said Countyes ; For the Payment wherof dyPse and sondrye the Gentlemen and other the Inhabytantf of the said Countyes be and stonde bounde to their Highnes: Be yt therfore ordeyned and enacted by thauthoritie aforeseid, that this Acte of Subsidie, or any thyng therm conteyned, shall not extende to charge any of the Quenes Ma,lc* Ten‘ntf and other Thinhabitantf and Dwellers w'in any of the said Countyes of Penbroke CarnJthen Cardigan Glamorgan Breknocke Radno' Mounegofiye Denbyghe Flynt Meryoneth Anglesey Carnarvan and the Countye Palantyne of Chester, being charged or chargeable with the said Myse. for or in any of the paymentf of the seid Subsidie g*unted to the Kyng and Quenes Ma1* by this Acte, untill the severall Dayes and Tymes apoynted and agreed for the paymentf of the said Myses shall be exspired: And that the first payment of the said Subsidye shalbe made at the Receipt of the Quenes Exchequer before the first day of Marche then next folowing after the day appoynted for the latter payment to be made of the sayd Myses, and the seconde or last payment of the said Subsidie, to be made by or before the xx" day of Maye in the next yere folowyng after the seid first payment of this Subsedie.

And furdermore be yt enacted by thauthoritie aforesaid, That the Ten'ntf and Dwellers of ev*y of the said Countyes in this Proviso remembred, shall sevally before the Feast of Pentecoste next ensuyng, certyfye in the said Courte of Exchequer, under the Seals of two Justicf of Peax of every of the said Countyes, wherof the one to be of the Quop, when and what daye the last payment of the said sev’all Myses now due in any of the sayd Countyes shall ende and exspire.

Provyded also, that the said Graunte of Subsedie or any other Thing therin conteyned, doo not in any maner of wise extende to be prejudicial! or hurtfull to Thinhabitantf or Resyantf at this present tyme w'in the Fyve Ports Corporate, or to any of their Membres Incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Ports, or to any of the same Fyve Ports, of or for any pte or pcell of the seid Somes graunted in this p'sent Pliament of the said Inhabitantf now resiaunt or any of them, to be taxed sett askyd levyed or payed ; but the sayd Inhabit*ntf & Resiauntf in the said Fyve Ports and their Membres be and shalbe of and from the said Graunte and Payment of the sayd Subsidie, during the resyauncye there and no longer, clerely acquyted and discharged ; Any mater or whatsoever thyng in this pnt Acte had or made to the contrarye notw^stonding.

Provided also, that this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned, shall extende to the Goods or Lands of any College Halle or Hostell w'in the Unyversities of Oxenforde and Cambrige or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton founded by Bisshop Wyckham, or to the Goods or Londf of the College of Eton next Wyndesore, or to the Goods or Londf of any Comune Free Gramer Scole within the Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scolemaster or Scoler w'in the said Universities and Colledges, or any of them, their remaynyng for studye w'out frawde or covyne, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measondue or Spittellhouse prepared and used for the Sustentacon and Reliefs of poore People ; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

H

\\

i

v

Ik

I

i

ti

u

( 313 )

Annis 4° & 5" PHILIPPI & MARLE. A.D. 1557-8.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Twentieth of January, In the FOURTH and FIFTH Years of the Reign of K. PHILIP and Q. MARY,

and there continued until the Seventh Day of March following.

<Bv iBotulo parliament! De annts regnorum Megis

flQuarto $ £lutnfo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westmonasteriu, xxmo die January, Annis Regnorum Invictissimorum et Excellentissimorum Principu Phi et Marie, Dei gra? Anglie Hispaniap Fraud Jhrm utriusq) Ciciliaru et Hibnie Regf et Regine Defensor Fidei Archiduces Austrie Duces Burgundie Mediolani et Brabanue Comites Hasburgi Flandrie et Tirolis, Quarto et Quinto, et itom continuato usq, in vij diem Martij tunc proxiih sequent, q° die erat prorogaf, Coi oTm Proceru et Populi consensu, ac Regie Ma'f tunc pntis assensu. Sand? Stabilit Ordinal et Inacta? fuerunt hec xiiijrao subsequentia Statuta. Vz.

(') I.—i. An Acte for the Confirmation of Letters Patentes.

II.—2. An Acte for the having of Horse Armour and Weapon.

HI.—3. An Acte for the taking of Musters.

IV.—4. An Acte that Accessaries in Murder and divers Felonies shall not have the benefitfe of Clergie.

V.—5. An Acte towching the making of Wollen Clothes.

VI.—6. An Acte tenquire of the behaviour of Frenchemen being Denizens.

VII. —7. An Acte to make uppe the Jurie withe Circumstandbj wher the King and Queues Majesties is a pde.

VIII. —8. An Acte for the punishement of suche as shall take away Mayden^ that bee Inhentoures being within

thage of xvj yeres, or that marrie them without consent of their Parentes.

IX.—9. An Acte for the Continuac&n of certaine Statutes.

10. An Acte for thassurance of Thonnor of Raileye to the Quenes Ma".

11. An Acte for thassurance of the Countes of Sussexe Joynter.

1 a. An Acte for the RestitucSn in Bloodde of S’ Ambrose Dudleye and Sr Robert Dudleye Knyghtes.

13. An Acte for the foundafbn of an Hospitall at Stoke Puges in the Countie of Buckingham.

14. An Acte for the paiment of Tithes in the Citie of Coventrie.

* The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but are added to denote the Number of the Chapter* in the Printed Collections, which contain XI. Acts of this Session, Chapters X. and XI. being the Acts for the Subsidy of the Clergy and Temporary, which are not noticed in the above List, nor entered on the Roll: They are therefore printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. No Titles are entered in the Margins of the several Acts on the Roll ; but it has been thought convenient to print the Titles from the above List at the Head of each Chapter. None of the Acts numbered 10 to 14 in the above List have ever been inserted in the Printed Collections.

4 L

314

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 1.

A.D. 1557-8.

Grant! of Lands to the Crown made rince 7 July, I Mary, .confirmed.

General Savlr.g of Titlea of Strangers.

II.

All Grants made by the Queen, or by the King and Queen, or to be made for Seven Years ensuing, declared valid, notwithstanding Mis-recitali, Sic.

CHAPTER I.

An Acts for the confirmation of Letters Patentes.

WHERE sithen the seventhe daye of Julye in the first yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, divers and sundrye Honnors Castelles Mano" Landes Tenementes Rentes Reverc&ns Services and other Hereditamentes have bene conveyed and assured to her Highnes her Heires and Successoures, by or from divers and sundrye Persons and Bodies Politike, aswell for the dischardge and satisfacc&n of greate Debtes and somes of Moneye, as for other good considerac&ns: For the perfitte Assurance Confirmac&n and further Surede wherof, Be it enacted ordeined and established by the King and Quenes Ma'"’, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Fliam*

assembled ami by thaucthoritee of the same. That all Feofamentes Fines Surrenders Assurances Conveiances and

Estates, in any wise conveied had or made to or for our said Soveraigne Lorde and Ladye the King and Quenes Ma'", or to or for o' said Soveraine Ladye the Quene, by or from any suche pson or psons Bodies Polidke or Corporate, of annye suche Honnours Castles Manno" Landes Tenementes Rentes Reverc&ns Services or other Hereditamentes for annye Debte some or somes of Moneye or other Considers <?&n whatsoever, shall stande remayne and bee good and avayleable in the Lawe to all Internes Construcc&ns and Purposes according to the true meaning intente and purporte of the same: Saving to all and every pson and psons and to their Heires, Bodies Politike and Corporate and to their Successoures, and to everye of them, (other then suche pson or psons and their Heires and Wyves and every of them, Bodies Polidke and Corporate and their Successoures and every of them, of or from whom the King and Quenes Highnes or the Quenes Highnes onelye hathe obteyned or purchased the said Premisses or any pcell therof, by Exchange Gifte Bargayne Fine Feoffam* Recoverie Dede enrolled or otherwise,) All suche Right Title Interest Use Possession Rentes Reversons Remainders Offices Fees Comons Profittes and Comodides whatsoever whiche they or any of them have might or ought to have hadd of in or to the Premisses or any pte

therof, in as large and ample maner forme and condic&n to all Intentes Construcc&ns and Purposes as yf this Acte had

never beene hadd ne made; This pnt Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And where aswell our sayd Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye as our sayd Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Highnes, sithens the sayd vij® day of Julye in the first yere of her Majesties Raigne, aswell for divers and greate somes of Money, as also for divers and sundrye other considerac&ns, have and hathe bargained solde given or granted by their or her Graces sundry ires Patentes Indentures or other Writings sealed under the Greate Seale of Englande, or the Seale of the Duchie of Lancaster, aswell to Bodies Polidke and Corporate as to divers and sundrye other their loving and obedient Subjectes, divers and sundrie Hono" Castles Mano" Lands Tefitf Rents Reverc&ns Services and other Hereditamentf, in Fee Simple Fee Taile or for terme of Lyes Lyves or Yeares, as in the same severall Letters Patentes Indentures and other Writings is mentioned and declared: And to thintent the same ires Patentf Indentures & other Writings shoulde be of goode availeable and pfit Force and Effecte to all and every her Highnes loving Subjectes, according to the true Meaning and Effect of the same, Our said Sovereine Lorde and Ladfe the King and Quene are contented and pleased that it be enacted by thaucthorite of this pnt flam’, And therfore by our said Soveraigne Lorde and Ladye the Kinge and Quenes Ma"* the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Flam* assembled, Be it enacted and established. That aswell all and singler ires Patentes Indentures and other Writings sealed under the Greate Seale of Englande, or under the Seale of the Duchie of Lancaster, and heretofore made or granted by our said Sovereine Lorde and Ladie the King and Quene, or by our said Sovereine Ladie the Quene, for anye somes of Moneye or for and upon any other Considerac&ns, as all other Letters Patentes hereafter to be ‘made by our said Sovereine Lorde and Ladie for any some or somes of Moneye, during the space of Seven yeres next ensuing the making of this Acte, to any Bodie Polidke or Corporate, or to any other pson or psons whatsoever, of any Honours Castles Manoure Lordeshippes Grangf Meses Landes Tenementes Meadowes Pastures Rentes Reverc&ns Services Woodes Advousons Nominations Patronagf Annuities Rights Interestes Entrees Condic&ns Letes Courtes Liberties Privilegis Franchises, or of any other Hereditamentes withe their Appurtenances, or of any pte or pcell of them, sealed w® or under the Greate Seale of Englande, or under the Seale of the Duchie of Lancastree, of whatsoever Kinde Nature or Qualitee they or any of them bee or shallbee reputed knowen or taken, withe their Appurtenaunces or any parte or percell of them, shalbe good perfit and effectuall in the Lawe, and shall stande be taken reputed demed and adjudged good perfit sure availeable and effectuall in the Lawe, aswell ageinst the King and Quenes Majesties, as against the Quene her Heires and Successors, according to the Teno' of the said ires Patentes; the same to be expounded costrued demed and adjudged most benefidall for the Patentees and Grantees of the same, according unto the Woordes and Purporte of every the said ires Patentes, without any Confirmation Lycence or Tollerac&n of the Quene her Heires or Successoures; any misnaming misrecitall or nonrecitall of any the same Hono" Castels Manours Lands Tents and other the Premisses or any pcell therof, or any lacke of finding of Offices or Inquisic&ns of and in the Premisses, wherby the Title of the Quenes Highnes therin ought to have bene founde before the making of the same ires Patentes or other Writinges, or any misrecitall or nonrecitall of Leases therof before made, aswell of Recorde as not of Recorde, or any lacke of the ccrteintie miscasting rating or setting for the of the yerelye Values and Rates of the Premisses, or of the yerelye Rentes reserved of and for the Premisses or any pcell therof, mentioned or conteined in any the said tres Patentes or other Writings, or for that the Premisses bee or any pte therof is valued to a more or lesse Value in the said tres Patentes or Writings, then the said Maners Landes Tenementes and other the Premisses then were or shalbe in yerely Value, or any misnaming of the Townes Ilamlettes Parishes or Cownties where the same Hono" Castels

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 1

315

li

s

>1

tl

ll

«»

!»

K

A

it

k

■:

y

?•

ib

ik

A

a

i ■: El

Se

H

ii ii if

ik

a

ik

a

k>

I. ii it

it

iff

k<

«<

!»'

A

/•

Miners Landes Tenementes Rentes Hereditamentes and other the Premisses and every pcell therof, or annye pcell therof, lyen or been, or any lack of the true naming of the Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentes, or of the Natures Kindes Sortes or Quantities of the said Possessions or Hereditamentes or any pcell therof, or any lacke of the true naming of the Corporac6n, or any lacke of Attumement Lyverye or Season, or any mysnaming of any the late Tenauntes or Fermoures of the same so solde or gyven, notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to make anye ires Pattentes of any Office or Offices to be of any other Effect Force or Strengthe then the same ires Patentf were or should have bene before the making of this Acte.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and singler suche Patentees Grantees and Donees, and every of them, whiche at any time heretofore sithens the said seventhe daye of Julye have obteined and gotten of our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie the King and Quene or of any of them, or at any time hereafter during the space of Seven yeres shall obtaine and get of our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie the King and Quene that nowe bee, or of any of them, by waye of Exchaunge or for any some or s5mes of Moneye, any Ires Pattentes of any Monasteries Abbathes Priories Nuneries or other Eccliasticall Possessions, or of any pcell of them, or of any other Maners Landes Tents or Hereditamentes whatsoever whiche at the date and making of anye the same Ires Patentes so made sithens the said seventhe daye of Julye or hereafter to be made during the space of Seven yeres as is aforesaid, were or shalbe of better and more yerely Valewe to the Kinge and Quenes Highnes or to any of them, in yerely Rent and Ferme, then was is or shalbe conteined mentioned or specified in any suche Ires Patentes or in the pticulers or Rate therof made or to be made by any Audito' or Auditours Surveyour or Surveiours, or other Officer; That then every suche Patentee Grantee and Donee, their Heires Executoures or Assignes, and every of them, withein one yere next after Office and other due Prose Order and Decree therof made and had, or to be made and hadd within the space and terme of Tenne yeres next after this pnt Plament in the Courte of Theschequer, shall content and paye unto the Quenes Ma1,c her Heires and Successours, for the same Overplus and more Value of the same Monasteries Abbathies Priories Nunries Mano" Lands Tents and other Hereditamentf whatsoever, withe their App'tenances, so solde gyven graunted or exchaundged as is aforesaid, after the Rate of twentie yeres Purchace, and according to the yerely Value and Rate, as the same Mano" Landes Tents and other Hereditamentes whatsoever were, at the time of the making of anny suche Ires Patentes so made or to be made in maner and fourme aforesaid; Any thing conteined in suche Letters Patentes to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte or any Provision therin conteyned, shall not in any wise extende to confirme ratefie or make good any Lease or Leases, made or to be made by our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie the King and Quene or by any of them, for terme of Lief Lyves or for Yeres, wheruppon tholde and accustomed Rentes or more bee not or hereafter shall not bee refved and yerely payable during the time and terme of every suche Lease ; nor that this pnte Acte shall in anye wise extende to revive or make good any Ires Patentes made of any Office or Offices, to any Comptroller Costomer Alneger Searcher, ne to any ires Patentes of the Grante of any other Office or Offices heretofore granted or made by the King and Quenes Ma'1' or any of them, whiche nowe bee or at any time heretofore hathe bene adnichillated determined or made voide, by judgement, by aucthorite of Pliament, or by Decree; nor to any Patent to bee made to any pson or psons, for terme of yeres or during the minoritie of any heire, of any Manours Landes or Tenementf, wherof any traverse hereafter shalbe tendred within three monethes after any Office fownde and certefied into any of the Kings Courtes of Recorde; ne to make good any tres Patentes, made by our sayd Soveraigne Lorde and I.adye or any of them of any Office or Offices, to be of any other Effecte Force or Strengthe then the same ires Pattentes were or shoulde have been before the making of this Acte.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte or any thinge therin conteined shall not extende to any tres Patentes whiche at any time heretofore, sithens the beginning of the Quenes Ma,k* raigne, have bene made or hereafter shalbe made by the King and Quenes Highnes or by the Quenes Ma" onelye, to any pson or psons, of any Mano" Lands Tents Rentes Reverc&ns Services or other Hereditamentes, by force of any Informac&n Sute or Suggestion made or to be made to her Highnes, that the same Manours Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes so conteined in any suche ires Patentes were concealed Landes ; nor to any ires Patentes heretofore made by our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King and Quenes Ma"" or any of them, to Rause Jackson Clarck now Mr of the Hospitall of the Savoye in the pishe of S‘ Clementes Dacorum without the Barres of the New Temple London, and to his brethern, being ppetuall Chaplaynes of the same Hospitall, and to their Successoures; but that the same ires Patentes and every of them shal stande remayne and bee in the same Force Strengthe and effecte as thei were before the making of this Acte, Any thing in this Acte mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

(■) And where the Mano' of Sowthewell in the Countie of Nottingham, and also the Scite and Procincte of the Colledge of Sowthewell in the same Countie, together withe divers other Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes to the said late Colledge lately belonging or apperteining, were conveied and assured, by Indenture Fine or otherwise, by or from John Beamont Esquire unto o' late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte, and to his Heires and Successoures, for the dischardge and satisfacc&n of divers greate somes of Money wherin the same John Beamont

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

by

m.

Proviso as to Grants of Offices.

IV.

Proviso for Satisfaction by Grantees, of Lands being of greater Value than specified in their Grants.

V.

Not to extend to Leases at less than usual Rent

nor to Grants of Offices abolished j

nor to Grants of Lands of Heirs traversed. See.

VI.

Not to extend to Grants of concealed Lands;

nor to Grants to the Master of the Savoy Hospital.

VII.

Grant of the College of Southwell in Nottinghamshire to K. Edward VI. confirmed.

316

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1557-8.

was indetted to the said late King; Be it enacted and established by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the said Conveiance and Assurance shalbe perfect good sufficient and avayleable against the said Beamont and his heires, to alt Internes Construcc&ns and Purposes, according to the purporte teno' and true meaning of the same [Conveiance1] and General Saving of Assurances: Saving to all and every pson or psons and Bodies Politike and Corporate, their heires and successoures. Title* of Strangeu. ancj every Gf them, other then the said John Beamont his wief and his heires and al other clayming any Estate or Interest by or from them or any of them sithens the same Conveiance and Assurance, all suche Right Title Interest Possession Estate Leases Rentes Services Comons and all other Profites and Comodities whatsoever, as they or any of them should or might have had yf this Acte had ne9 been had ne made; Any thing therein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

All former Act* a* to finding Hone*, Armour, See. repealed.

II.

All Temporal Noblemen, Gentlemen, Sic. shall keep Horn* and Armour, a* hereby directed, according to their •everal Estate*, viz. £1,000 per Ann. and upwards.

I ,oooo Marks and under j£i,oooo.

*£400 a Year, and under 1,000 Marks.

£200 a Year, and under *£400.

£100 a Year, and under sCioo.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the having of Horse Armour and Weapon.

FIR the better furniture and defence of this Realme, Be it enacted by the Kinge and Quenes Majesties, withe [thassent*] of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Pliament assembled, and by aucthorite of the same. That asmuche of all and every Acte and Statute, concerning onelye the keping or finding, of Horse Horses or Armoure or of any of them, heretofore made or provided, and all and everye forfeiture and penaltie concerning onelye the same, shalbe from hensfoorthe utterly voide repealed and of none effect.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That every Nobleman Gentleman and other Temporall Person, after the Rate and Proportion hereafter declared, shall have and kepe in a readines suche Horses Geldinges Armoure and other Furniture for the Warres, at the least, and in suche sorte and maner as ys and shalbee in this Acte hereafter expressed and declared, that is to saye: All and every parsone Temporall having anye Honoures Lordeshipes Manours Houses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Wooddf of Estate of Inheritance or Freeholde, to the clere yerely value of one thowsande powndes or above, shall from and after the first daye of Maye whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God one thowsande five hundrethe fiftie and eight, have finde kepe sustayne and mayntayne within this Realme of Englande, of their owne proper and at their owne proper CosteS and Expenses, Syxe Horses or Geldinges liable for Dimilances, wherof three of them at the least to be Horses withe sufficient Harnesses [Steele1] Sadels and Weapon requisite and apperteyning to the sayd Demy lances Horses or Geldinges; and tenne light Horses or Geldinges liable and mete for Light Horsemen, withe the Furniture of Harneis and Weapon requisite for the same; And also Fourtye Corpselettes furnished, Fourtye Almayne Rivettes, or in stedd of the said Almayn Rivettf, Fourtie Coates of Plate Corpselettf or Brygandynes furnished, Fortye Pikes xxx Long Bowes Thirtye Shefes of Arrowes xxx [Steele1] Cappes or Sculles xx Black Billes or Halberdes xx Haquebuttes and xxu Morians or Sallettes : And everye persone Temporall, having any Honours Lordshippes Manours Houses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Wooddes of any suche Estate as ys aforesaid to the clere yerelye value of one thowsande Marches or above, and under the clere yerelye value of a thousande pownde, shall have finde susteyne and mayntayne within this Realme, of their owne proper and at their owne proper Costes and Expenses, Fowre Horses or Geldinges liable for Demyelances, wherof twoo at the least to be Horses withe sufficient Harnesses and Weaponne and Saddels meete and requisite to the sayd Demielaunces Horses or Geldinges, and Syxe light Horses or Geldinges liable and meefe for Light Horsmen, withe Furniture of Harneis and Weapon requisite for the same; And also of Armour and Weapon xxx Corpselettes furnished xxx Almayn Rivettes, or in steade of the said Almayne Rivettes xxx Cotes of Plate Corpselettes or Brigandynes furnished, xxx Pykes xx Long Bowes xx Sheffes of Arrowes xx [Steele1] Cappes or Sculles x Black Billes or Halbertes x Haquebuttes and Tenne Morians or Sallettes : And everie person temporall having Honors Lordeshipes Manors Houses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Wooddes of any suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerelye value of CCCC ti. or above, and under the clere yerelye value of a thowsande Marckes, shall have finde kepe susteine and mayntayne as is aforesaid, twoo Horses, or one Horse and one Gelding, able for Demilancf withe sufficient Furniture of Harnes [Steele1] Sadies and Weapon for the same as is aforesaid, and Fowre Geldinges liable for Light Horsmen withe sufficient Harnes and Weapon for the same, and also xx" Corpselettes furnished, xx" Almayne Rivettes furnished, or in stede of Almayne Rivettes twentye Cotes of Plate Corselettes or Brigandines furnished xxu Pikes xv Long Bowes xv Sheffes of Arrowes xv [Steele1] Cappes or Sculles Sixe Haquebuttes and Sixe Morians or Sallettes : And that everie persone temporall, having Lordeshipes Manors Houses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Woodes of any suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerely value of CCti. or above, and under the clere yerelye value of CCCCti. shall from the said first daye of Maye have kepe sustayne and mayntayne, one greate Horse or Gelding liable for a Demielance withe sufficient Furniture of Harneis [steeled4] Sadie and Weapon for the same, and Twoo Geldinges able for Light Horsemen with Harneis and Weapons sufficient as is aforesaid for the same, and also Tenne Corseletes furnished Tenne Almayne Rivettes, or in the place of Almaine Rivettes Tenne Cotes of Plate Corselettes or Brigandines furnished, x Pikes viij Long Bowes viij Sheffes of Arrowes viij [Steele1] Cappes or Sculles Three Haquebuttes and Thre Morians or Sallettes: And everie person Temporall having any Lordeshipes Manours Houses Lands Meadowes Pastures or Woodes of any suche estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerely value of one C ti. or above, and under the yerely value of CC ti. shall from and after the saide first daye of Maye have kepe and mayntaine as ys aforesayd

1 Conveyauncf O.

* thassentf 0.

3 style 0.

4 styled 0.

PENN STATI

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 2.

317

loo Mark> a Year, and under £\oa.

a Year, and under loo Marks.

jfao a Year, and under <40.

■£10 a Year, and under jtio.

£$ a Year, and under Jtio.

1,000 Marki and upwards, in Personalties.

twoo Geldinges able and mete for Light Horsemen, withe sufficient Hameis and Weaponne requisite for the same, and also three Corselettes furnished, three Almayne Rivettes, or in stede of them, so many Cotes of Plate Corsellettes or Brigandines furnished, iij Pikes, iij Long Bowes, three Sheffes of Arrowes, iij [Steele1] Cappes or Sculles, two Haquebuttes and twoo Morians or Sallettes: And also every pson Temporall having Lordeshipes Manours Houses Lands Meadowes Pastures or Woodes of any suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerelye value of [one*] hundrethe Marckes or above, and under the yerely value of one C ti. from the said first daye of Maye, shall have kepe maintayne and susteyne one Gelding able and mete for a Light Horseman with the Harenes and Weapon sufficient and requisite for the same, twoo Corseletes furnished, twoo Almaine Rivettes, or in stede of the same, twoo Cotes of Plate or Brigandines furnished, twoo Pykes, twoo Long Bowes, twoo Shefes of Arrowes, twoo [Steele1]

Cappes or Sculles, one Hacquebutt, one Moryan or Sallett: And also everye persone Temporall, having Lordeshipes Manours Howses Lands Meadowes Pastures or Woodes of any suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the yerelye value of xl fi. or above, and under the yerely value of one hundrethe Marckes, shall from and after the said firste daye of Maye, have maintayne and kepe twoo Corselettes furnished, twoo Almayn Rivettes, or in stede of the same twoo Cotes of Plate Corselettes or Brigandines furnished, twoo Pikes, one Long Bowe, one Shefe of Arrowes, one Steele Cappe or Sculle, twoo Hacquebuttes, twoo Morians or Sallettes: And also every pson Temporall having Lordeshippes Manors Howses Lands Meadowes Pastures or Wooddes of any suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerelye value of Twentie powndes or above, and under the yerelie value of Fowrtye powndes, shall from the said first daye of Maye, have kepe and maintaine one Corselet furnished, one Pyke, one Hacquebut, and one Moryan or Sallet, one Long Bowe, one Sheife of Arrowes, and one Steele Cappe or Skull: And also every pson Temporall having Lordeshippes Manours Howses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Woodes of any suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerelye value of Tenne powndes or above, and under the yerelye value of Twentie powndes, shall from and after the said daye have kepe and sustaine one Almaine Rivet, Coate of Plate, or Brigandine furnished, one Haquebutt, one Murrien or Sallet, one Long Bowe, and one Sheife of Arrowes, and one Steele Cappe or Sculle: And also every pson Temporall having Lordeshipes Manours Howses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Wooddes of suche Estate as is aforesaid, to the clere yerelye value of Five powndes or above, and under the yerelye value of Tenne powndes, shall from and after the said first daye of Maie have kepe and sustaine one Cote of Plate furnished, one black Bill or Halbert, one Long Bowe, one Sheife of Arrowes, & one Steele Cappe or Sculle: And also everye person Temporall, having Gooddes or Cattelles to the value of One thowsande Marckes or above, shall from the sayd first daie of Maye have finde kepe sustaine and maintaine as is aforesaid one Horse or Gelding able for a Demielaunce withe sufficient Harneis Steele Saddle and Weapon convenient and requisite for the same, and one Geldinge able and meete for a Light Horseman, withe Harneis and Weapon sufficient and requisite as is aforeseid for the same, or xviij Corselettes furnished in steade of the sayd Horse and Geldinge and furniture of the same, at his choise:

And also shall from the same daye have finde kepe and maintaine of Armour and Weapon, twoo Corselettes furnished two Almaine Rivettes, or for the same Almaine Rivettes twoo Cotes of Plate twoo Corselettes or two Brigandines furnished, twoo Pikes, sour Long Bowes, sower Sheifes of Arrowes, sour Steele Cappes or Sculles, and three Hacquebuttes, withe three Morians or Sallettes: And also every person Temporall having Gooddes or Cattelles to the values hereafter in this pnte Acte specified and declared, shall from and after the said first daye of Maye have finde kepe susteine and maintaine suche Geldingf Armour Weapon and Furniture for Warre as is hereafter declaredd, that ys to saye; Having to the value of sour hundrethe powndes or above, and under the value of one thowsande Marckes, one Geldinge able and mete for a Light Horseman, withe sufficient Harneis and Weapon requisite and meete for the same, or nyne Corselettes furnished, at his Eleccon, and also shall have finde and kepe one other Corselet furnished, one Pyke twoo Almayn Rivettes or Plate Cotes or Brigandines furnished, one Haquebutt, twoo Long Bowes, two Sheifes of Arrowes, and twoo Steele Cappes or Sculles : And having in Gooddes and Cattelles to the value of CCti. or above, and under [CCCCti.1] one Corselet furnished, one Pike, twoo Almayn Rivettes Plate Cotes or Brigandines furnished, one Haquebut, one Murian or Sallet, twoo Long Bowes, (4) twoo Sheifes of Arrowes, and twoo Sculles or Steele Cappes: And having (5) Gooddes and Cattelles to the value of Cii. or above, and under CC ti. one Corselet furnished and one Pike, one paire of Almaine Rivettes, one Plate Cote or paire of Brigandines furnished, two Long Bowes, two Sheifes of Arrowes, and twoo Sculles: And having as is aforesaid, in Goodes and Cattelles to the value of Fourtye powndes or above, and under a Cti. two paire of Almon Rivettes, or twoo Cotes of Plate or Brygandines furnished, one Long Bowe, and one Sheife of Arrowes, one Steele Cappe or Scull, and one blacke Bill or Halberte: And having as ys aforesaid in Goodes and Cattelles to the value of xx ti. or above, and under [the value of6] xl ti. one paire of Almain Rivettes, or one Cote of Plate, or one paire of Brigandines, twoo Long Bowes, two Sheifes of Arrowes, two Sculles or Steele Cappes, and one Black Bill or Halbert: And having as is aforesaid, to the value of Tenne powndf or above, and under xxti. one Long Bowe, one Sheife of Arrowes, withe one Steele Cappe or Sculle, and one Blacke Bill or Halberte: And also that every person Temporall, not beinge above chardged by this Acte, having or that hereafter shall have anye Annuitee or Annuirees or yerely Fee or Fees for terme of Lyes or of any State of Enheritance, or any Copieholde or Copieholdes for tertne of Lyes or of anye Estate of Enheritance, to the clere yerely value of xxx ii. or above, shall bee chardged and chardgeable withe suche Furniture of Warre as is aforesaid, in every Degree Qualite and Condicofl according to the Proporc&ns and Rates before expressed lymited and appointed for Gooddes and Cattelles.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That every pson whiche by vertue of thacte made in the III.

Flam' holden at Westm in the xxxiij yere of the Reigne of King Henrye theight, was bownde (by reason that his to'k«p a'hlorieby Wief shoulde weare suche kinde of Apparell or other Thing as in the same Statute ys speciallye mentioned and J3H.vIH. c.j.#6.

£400, and under 1,000 Marki.

£ico, and under £400.

£100, and under £too.

jtfao, and under £ 100.

£20, and under £40.

£10, and under ^*30.

Annuitiea abore £30.

' style O.

'a 0.

3 foure hundred 0.

■> and O.

3 in 0.

• 0. omits.

4 M

Die

A.D. 1557-a

318

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 2.

IV.

Penalties for Neglect in providing Horses and Armour.

V.

In Cities, See. Armour shall be

Erovided under lirection of Commissioners of Musters, Icc.

VI.

Such Commissioners to be appointed under the Great Seal.

VII. Proviso for Covenants by Tenants, See.

VIII. Justices of Peace may inquire of Neglect by Persons of *£400 a Year and under.

declared,) to kepe or finde one greate stoned trotting Horse, and is not by this Acte before chardged to have mayntayne and kepe any Horse or Geldinge, shall from the said first daye of Maie, have kepe and mayntayne one Gelding able and meete for a Light Horsman, withe sufficient Harneis and Weapon for the same, in suche maner and fourme as everye Temporall person having I.ordeshippes Howses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Wooddes of suche Estate as ys aforesaid, of the clere yerely value of one hundrethe Marckes, is chardged or appointed to finde have and maintaine by this pnte Acte.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That if any person chardgeable by this Acte as ys aforesaid, shall, by the space of any three whole Monethes after the sayd first daye of Maye, lacke or wante the said nomber and kindes of Horses Geldinges Armour Weapon and Furniture aforesaid, or any of them, after suche Rate Proporc&n Maner and Fourme as is in this Acte above lymited declared and appointed, That then every suche person shall forfaite and lose, for every suche three Monethes that he shall so lacke and want the same nomber and kindes of Horses Geldinges Armour Weapon and Furniture or any parte therof, for every Horse or Geldinge so lacking, Tenne powndes, And for every Demielance and Furniture of the same, Three powndes, and for every Corselet and Furniture of the same, xls. and for every Almayn Rivet Cote of Plate or Brigandine and the Furniture of the same, xx s. and for every Bowe and Sheife of Arrowes Bill Halbert Haquebut Steele Cappe Scull Murryen and Sallet x s.; thone Moietee of whiche said Forfeitures shalbee to the Kinge and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, and to Theires and Successoures of the same our Sovereyne Ladie, and thother Moiede to him or them that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde by Bill Playnt Acc5n of Dett or Informac5n in the whiche Bill Playnt Acc5n [of Dett'] or Informac&n, no Wager of I.awe Essoigne or Protecc&n shall be allowed or admitted.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That thenhabitantes of everye Citie Bourghe Towne Parishe and Hamelett within this Realme, other then suche as arre speciallye chardged before in this Acte, shall have finde kepe sustayne and mayntayne, at their comen Chardges and Expenses, suche Harneis and Weapon and as muche therof as shalbe appointed by the Comissioners of o' said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie, and of theires and Successoures of the same o' Sovereigne Ladie, for the Musters or Veue of Armour within suche Citie Boroughe Towne Parishe or Hamelett, ther to be kepte in suche Place as by the sayd Comissioners shalbe appointed: And the [nomber*] and kindes therof to be writton and comprised in a Payre of Indentures to be made betwen the said Comissioners or twoo of them at the leaste, and xij. viij. or iiij. of the cheifest of every suche Citie Bourghe Town Parishe or Hamelett, wherof one parte to remaine withe the Cheife Officer of the same Citie Boroughe Towne Parishe or Hamelett and thother parte to remayne with the Clarck of the Peace of the Shire or Cowntie wher every suche Citie Bourghe Parishe or Hamelet shall stand or bee; And if the same Inhabitantes of every suche Citie Bourghe Towne Parishe or Hamelett, other then suche as arr speciallye as is aforesaid chardged, shall lack or want suche Harneis or Weapons or any parte therof, as shall bee unto them appointed by the said Comissioners for the Musters or Vewe of Armour as is aforesaid, by the Space of any three Monethes together next after any suche Appointment made, that then the sayd Inhabitantes shall forfeite for every the said three Monethes for every suche Harneis or Weapons so lacking, after the Rate above lymited, thone Moiede therof to be our said Soverayne Lorde and Ladye and to theires and Successoures of our said Sovereygne Ladie, and thother Moiede to him or them that will sue for the same in eny of the Courtes of Recorde of o' saide Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie, and of theires and Successo" of the same o' Sovereigne Ladie, by Bill Plaint Acc&n of Det or Informac&n, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoine or Protecc&n shalbe admitted or allowed.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the Lorde Chancello' of Englande for the ume being, shall have full power and aucthorite by vertue of this pnte Acte, from time to time to grante out Comissions under the Greate Seale of Englande, to the Justices of Peace within everie Shire or Countie of this Realme, or to so many of them as by his discretion shalbe thought mete and convenient, for the appointing and lymiting of the saide Harneses and Weapons, to be fownde kepte and mainteined in everye suche Citie Bourghe Towne Parishe and Hamelet at the CSmen Chardges of thinhabitantes therof as is aforesayd.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thing therin conteined shall not extende to take awaye or dischardge any Tenaunt or Fermour of his Service or Covenant towardes his Lorde, for the finding of Horse Armo' or Weapon, or for doing of Service by himself or any other, whiche by the Tenure of his Lande or Ferme he is bownde to doo at the tyme of making of this Acte; but that he shall yelde paye and doo the same in as large ample maner and fourme as though this Acte had never been had ne made.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of everie Shire shall have power and aucthorite, by vertue of this Acte, from tyme to tyme to make searche and vewe of and for the said Furnitures of Horses Geldinges Armo' and Weapon to be fownde mainteined and kept by any person abovesaid, having Lordeshippes Mano's Howses Landes Meadowes Pastures or Woodes to the dere yerely value of CCli. or under, and not above the yerely value of CCCC ti. or to bee fownde mainteined or kepte by any person or persons chargeable by this Acte by reason of his or their Goodes Cattelles Anuities Fees or Copieholdes as is aforesayd; and to heare and determyne at their Quarter Sessions all and every the Defaultcs comitted or doone contrary to this Acte within the Countie where suche Sessions shall be kept, by Inquisic&n Presentin' Bill or Informad&n before them exhibited, or by Examination of twoo lawfull Witnessat the discretion of the same Justices, and to awarde p.oces theruppon, as thoughe they were indicted before them by verdicte of twelve Men or more: And upon the convice&n of the

1 0. omits. 4 numbres O.

Original fror

PENN 5TA1

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 2.

319

s

I

J

k

it

if

f>

,1

t

0

I1

Offendor, by InformaCftn or Suite of any other then the King or the Quene, or of theires or Successoures of the Quene, to make Estretes of thone Moitee of the said Forfeitures to be levied to thuse of our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, or of theires or Successoures of the same our Soverein Ladie, as they use to doo of other Fines Issues and Amertiamentes growing in the Sessions of Peace, and to awarde ExecucSn of thother Moitee for the Complaynante or Informer ageynst thoffender by Fieri Facias or Capias, as the Kinges Justices at Westminster maye doo and use to doo; And yf any suche convice&n shall hereafter happen at thonelye Sute of our sayd Soveraine Lorde and Ladie or of theires or Successo" of the same our Soveraine Ladie, that then those Forfeitures to bee estreated and levied to their Uses onelye.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That whensoever any person shall at anny tyme heereafter offenden^shall not bee convicted by vertue of this Acte for anny defaulte or thing mentioned in this Acte, that then the same personne be twice punished, shall not otherwise or eftesoones bee vexed trobled sued or convicted for the same defaulte or thing, wherfore he shalbee so convicted.

X.

And Be it moreover enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if any Souldiour shall at any time hereafter make Sale peniitr 0n Soldier* of his Horse Hameis and Weapon or any of them, contrary to the fourme of the sayd Statute made in the (') seconde and A™°

thirde yeres of the reigne of the late King Edwarde the Sixthe, concerning true Service to bee doone by Captaynes a°j eTi°c.i. $i. and Souldiours; that dien not onelye the same Souldiour shall incurr the Penalties of that Statute, but also the sayd Sale made by suche Souldiour, to anny person or psones knowing him to bee a Souldio', shall be voide and of none effecte, against him or them that fownde or set for the the said Horse Hameis and Weapon, or any of them, to or for the Furniture of suche Souldio' to serve withe the same.

XI.

Provided alwayes, that no person shalbe empeached or troobledd for any Offence doone contrary to this Acte, Limitation of oneles Presentment or Sute therof be had made or taken within one yere next after thoffence doon; Any thing in OneYcar0"*’ this Acte to the contrarye therof in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwaie, and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That if at any time hereafter it shall fortune any Provito in J.lie pson or psons aforesaid to be sued or impeached for any Forfeiture or Penaltie for not having susteining or keping certain Arms cannot suche Furniture of Corselettes Pikes Hacquebuttes or Morians as by this Acte ys before lymited rated and appointed, and be Procure<1, for his or their excuse and answer shall alleadge and pleade that the same Furniture so lacking coulde not by him or them conveniently bee had gotten or provided, for wante and lacke of the same within this Realme, according to the tenour and purporte of this Acte; the same matter of wante and lacke as is aforesaid, shalbe allowed and taken for a good and sufficient aunswer and barre in the Lawe in cace it be true; and yf the same be denyed or traversed, that therupon an Issue shalbe joyned, and that the triall shalbe, of everye such Issue onelye, had by the certificate to be made by the Lord Chancello' Lorde Treasurer the Lorde President of the Councell the Lorde Stewarde of the Kinge and Quenes most Honorable Householde the Lorde Privie Seale the Lorde Admirall and the Lord Chamblaine of the sayd Howseholde, or by three of them in writing under their Seales, or the Seales of three of them ; This pnte Acte, or any Statute Lawe or Usage heretofore hadd to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons chargeable by vertue of this None Acte, to or for the finding or having of any Horse Gelding Armour Weapon or Furniture for the Warre as doubly charged, is aforesaid, shalbe charged withe the same, or withe any of them, bothe for his Mano" Houses Landes Meadowes Pastures and Woodes, and also for his Goodes Cattelles Fermes Leases Copiholdes Rentes Anuitees.

Provided also and be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte or any thing therin conteined st. shall not in any wise extende or be adjudged or interpreted to abrogate repeale or make voide any Parte Sentence Matter Clause Article or Thing, conteined or specified in the Statute made in the xxxiij', yere of the reigne of the late coni noble Prynce of worthye memorie King Henry theight, for or concerning the having of Long Bowes and Arrowes, and thusing order exercising and maintenance of Artilarie and shoting in Long Bowes; but that the same Statute and everie Article Clause Sentence and thing therin conteined and specified, touching or in any wise concerning the having of Long Bowes Arrowes usinge order exercising or maintenance of Archerye and shoting in Long Bowes, shall stande and remayne in force and be observed pfourmed and kepte according to the teno' effecte and true meaning of the said Acte, upon (*) paines conteined in the same, as [ifJ] this Acte had not been hadd ne made; This present Acte or any thing therein conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

XIV. J.H.VIII. C.p. keeping g Bows, lie. irmed.

Provided also, that if it shall fortune the said Furniture of Armour aforesaid, or any parte therof, at any time prOTiK)XV' hereafter to be loste or spent in any service of defence of this Realme, orels the Horses or Geldinges aforesaid to bee for ArmouHost, killed or distroied, or els by some other occasion to be deade, that in suche case or cases no person or persones shalbe chardged withe any Forfeiture or Penaltie aforesaid, for not having suche quantirie or nomber of Armour Horses or Geldingf as is aforesaid, so that he or they within one yere next after suche losse or want doo supply the same againe in all pointes, according to the true meaning and purporte of this Acte ; Any thing in the same Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided also, that the wante of any Gauntelette or Gauntelettes shall not be demed accompted or taken for anny lacke or wante of Furniture for a Corpselette: Anny woordes before expressed sounding to the contrarie Gauntlet*, notwi t h es t and in g.

1 said 0.

» the 0.

‘ 0. omits.

320

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. % 3.

A.D. 1557-8.

XVII. Persons may shoot with Haoucbuts at Marks allowed by 33 H.VIII. c.6.

Provided also, and be it enacted by the aucthorite aforesaid, That every pson and psons chardged withe the finding of any Haquebut, and his or their Serv*nt or Serv*ntf shall and maye exercise and use shoting in the same Haquebut, at suche marckes as arr limited and appointed by the Statute made in the xxxiij yere of the reigne of King Henrye theight, at their owne proper Games, so that they carye not or use not the same Haquebut in any Highe Waye, oneles it be coming or going to or from the Musters, or marching towardes or from the Service of Defece of the Realme; Any Clause or Article in the said Acte of the xxxiij yeere to the contrary notwithestanding.

XVIII.

In Wales, &c. Bows and Arrows may be kept instead of Haquebuta.

XIX. Appointing Commissioners in Cities for viewing Armour.

(') Provided alwaies, that this Acte ne any thing therin conteyned, shall extende to chardge any psone or persones dwelling or abiding within the Countries of Northe Wales and Sowthe Wales, and withein the Countie Palentine of Lancaster and Chester or either of them, withe the finding or having of any Haquebutt; but that they and every of them shall and maye at their will libertie and pleasure, have and kepe, in stede and place of every Haquebutt charged by this Acte, one Long Bowe and one Sheife of Arrowes, over and besides suche other Armour and Munition, as is by the Lawes of this Realme limited and appointed; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies, that the Lorde Chancello' of Englande or Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being shall and maye from time to tyme by vertue of the King and Quenes Highnes Comission, name assigne and appoint Comissioners in every City Bourghe and Towne Corporate, wherin there bee Justices of the Peace, aswell in Englande as in Wales, so many of the same Justices of Peace, withe suche and as manye other persons to be joyned withe them, dwelling out of the said Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, as he or they shall thincke mete, to take viewe of Armour in every of the same Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate according to this pnt Acte, and also tassigne what Harneis and Armour shall bee provided and kepte by the Inhabitantes of every suche Citie Boroughe and Towne Corporate as is aforesaid, according to this presente Acte.

Neglect of Attendance at Musters of Subjects for Defence of the Realm, See.

Penalty on such Neglect, Ten Days Imprisonment, or 40s. Fine,

II.

Penalty on Muster-Masters taking Bribes, Ten Times the Sum received.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte for the taking of Musters.

WHERE heretofore Comaundement hathe bene given by the King and Quenes Majesties, and other the Progenitoures of the Quenes Ma,le Kinges of this Realme, to divers and sundrye persons to muster their Ma1" People and Subjectes of (’) their Realme of Englande, and to levie a nomber of them for the Service of their MaL" and of this Realme in their Warres, suche as were most able and lykelyest to serve well in the same, whiche Service hathe been greatlye hindered, aswell for that a greate nomber hathe absented them from the said Musters, whiche ought to have come to the same, as also for that many of the moste liable and lykelye men for that Service have beene throughe frendeshipe or rewardes released forborne and discharged of the said Service, and some other not being able or mete taken appointed and chosen therunto, and yet the same disabilite and unaptnes notwithstanding, the same unable and unmete psons, upon somes of Moneye or other kinde of Rewardes or Exaccons, by them payde to sume suche as had thorder of the said Musters, have been also released and discharged of the said Service, to the greate impoverishement of the Subjectes and cheiflye to the greate perill and daunger of this noble Realme, in the hynderaunce of the trewe and necessarie service therof: For Remedye wherof Be it enacted by the King and Quene o' Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Plam' assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same, That if any pson or psons that shalbe comaunded at any time hereafter generally or specially to muster afore any suche as shall have [any1] aucthorite or comaundement for the same by or from the King and Quenes Majesties, or by theires or successoures of the Quenes Mau*, or by any Lieuten"nte Wardeyn or other pson or psons aucthorised for the same, doo willingly absent him or themselfes from the same Musters, having no true and reasonable excuse of Sicknes or other lawfull Impediment, or at their Apparance at suche Musters doo not bring withe them suche their best Furniture [or4] Array and Armour as he or they shall then have for his or their owne pson in a redines, shall for every suche Defaulte and Offence have and suffer Imprisonement by the Space of tenne Days, without Baile or Maineprice, by the Comaundement of suche as shall have aucthorite as is aforesaid to take the same Musters; onlesse he or they so offending as is aforesayd doo agree to or withe the said Comissioners, or twoo of them, to paye to thuse of the King and Quene our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, or of theires or successoures of the same our Sovereigne Ladie, for every suche Offence xls. for a Fine; Whiche said Fine, after Agrement for the paiment of the same as is aforesaid, shalbe certefied and estreated into the Courte of Thescheker at Westminster, by suche as shall have powre to take the said Musters as ys aforesayd, or by twoo of them, under their Seales or the Seales of twoo of them, within the Space of twoo Monethes next after such Agrement to paye the said Fine had or made, and the same Fine so estreated to be levied in suche fourme as Fines assessed by the Justices of Assise or of Gaole Delyverie in their Circuites ar used to be levied.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That if any pson or psons whiche at any tyme or times hereafter shalbe comaunded or appointed by the King and Quene o' Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, or by theires and Successoures of the same o’ Sovereigne Ladye, by their Comission Ires or otherwise aucthorised to levie muster or make any Men to serve in theire Warres or otherwise for the Defence of this Realme, doo by any meane exacte levie receive or take or cause to be taken any some or somes of Moneye or other Rewarde or Thing whatsoever of any

1 The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. * this 0. 1 O. omits. * of 0.

Original fro

PENN STA

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 3.

321

pson or psons for Service in the Warres, or that shalbe appointed named or mustred to serve in any suche Service, or for the sparing releasing or discharging of suche pson or psons from the sayd Service; That then every suche pson that so shall offende in exacting receyving or taking by any Wayes or Meanes any some or somes of Money or other Rewarde or Thing whatsoever as ys aforesaid, shall for (1) suche Offence forfeite tenne tymes so muche as he shall so receyve exacte or take.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any Capitayne Petie Capitaine or other, having Penalty Inf charge of Men for service in Warre, shall for any advauntage lucre or game by him to be taken or receyved, corTUPtlr

discharge or lysence any of the Souldiours or Men appointed to serve in the Warres under his Rule or Order to Soldier*, or departe from the same Service, or shall not paye unto his Souldiours and to every of them their foil and whole Wages Conducte and Coate Moneye, within tenne daies nexte after that suche Capitaine Petie Capitaine or other Time* the Sum

having chardg of Men as ys aforesayd, shall have receyved the same; that then the Partie so offending in giving TrebJ^the"*1

any suche Lysence or Discharge as ys aforesayd, shall lose and forfeite for every suche Offence tenne tymes the Sum withheld, value of the thing so taken or receyved, and shall also paye to every Souldio’ from whom he shall so witholde any the said Wages Conducte or Coate Money, Treble the some so witholden ; thone Moitie of all whiche Forfeitures,

(other then suche as before by this Acte is limited or given to the Souldiour or Souldio" as ys aforesaid, for their Wages Coate or Conducte Moneye withdrawen,) shalbe to the King and the Quenes Ma'" and Theires and Successo" of the Quenes Ma'", and thother Moietie therof to him or them that will sewe for the same, by Accon of Debte Bill Plaint Informacon or otherwise in anny Courte of Recorde, in whiche Actyon or Sute no Essoigne Protcccbn or Wager of Lawe shalbee allowed.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all Justices of Assises in their Circuites, and all ju»tice« of^Aui*e

Justices of Peace, within the limites of their Comission, in their Assises and Sessions, and Stewardes of Leetes [ and * ] lnd P«*e. 4c.

Lawedays and Lyberties, at their Leetes and Lawedayes, shall and maye from time to tyme esquire heare and determine o^racM?"1 "* every of the said Offences comitted or doon contrary to this Acte, within the Precinctes of their Comission Leete or Libertie: and yf any pson or psons shalbee before the said Justices of Assise Justices of Peace, or any of them, presented or indicted of any thoffences aforesaid, that then the said Justices of Assise or Justices of Peace before whom suche Inditem' or Presentment shalbe taken or hadd, shall and may by thaucthoritee of this Acte, awarde suche Proces against everie suche pson or psons so indicted, as upon Indictementes of Trespas is used and accustomed to be made ; and yf any such pson or psons so indicted, doo appere before the said Justices and confesse the same, or plede to the same Indictementes, and after by Verdicte of xij Men shall bee of any the said Offences conteined in such Inditem' or Inditementes convicted, that then the said Justices before whom anny suche convice&n shalbee so hadd, shall and maye awarde suche pson or psones so convicted unto Pryson, there to remayne without Bayle or Maineprise untill suche time as he or they have payde or satisfied the Moietie of the Forfeiture aforesaid unto the King and Quenes Ma'" use, and thother Moitie therof unto him or them that shall come before the said Justices, and gyve Evidence against the partie to bee convicted, at the time of the said Convice&n, and by whose Evidence he shall be of tHl? sayd Offence convicted: And if any suche Conviccion shalbee hadd without any Evidence openly given by any person or persones, that then the partie convicted as aforesaid shall remayne in prison as is aforesayd, untill he have satisfied those Forfeiture to the King and Quenes Majesties use.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yf any thoffences aforesayd, touching Capitaynes Petie Captaines or other having chardge of Men, shalbe comitted during the tyme that any Armye or nomber of Men being under a Leiutenfote, shalbee assembled and continue together, or by any Capitaine Petie Capitaine or other having charge of Men that shall serve under any Lorde Wardeyn or other Cheiftaine, that then upon Complaint therof the Lorde Leiutenante or the Lorde Wardeine or other Cheiftayne, duryng the tyme of any his or their Comission, shall and maye heare order and determine the same Offences by his or their discretyons.

Provided alwaies that this Acte nor any thing therin conteined, shall not in any wise extende to take away or discharge any Ten*nte or Fermo' of his Service or Covenaunt towarde his Lorde, for the finding of Horse Armour or Weapon, or for doing of Service by himselfe or by any other, whiche by tenure of his Lande otherwise ys bounden to doo before the making of this Acte, but that he shall yelde doo and pay the same in as ample maner and fourme as thoughe this Acte had never been hadd or made.

Provided also and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if any suche Capitaine Petie Captaine or other having charge of Men as is aforesaid, shalbe at any time hereafter convicted, or ordered by vertue of this Acte for any of his Offences aforesaid, that then the same Capitaine Petie Captaine or other having charge of Men as is aforesaid so convicted, shall not otherwise or eftesones be vexed troubled convicted or sued for the same Offence wherof he shalbe so before convicted or ordered.

V.

Offence* by Captain* during Service tliall be determined by their tuperior Officer*.

VI.

Proviio for Tenure*, Sec. by finding Hone or Armour.

VII. Captain* shall not be doubly punished.

(*) And where one Braunche or Article conteined in the Statute made in the seconde and thirde yere of the reigne g( ^ V£yj , of the late King Edwarde the Sixte, intituled An Acte touching the true service of Captaines and Souldio", wherby t, j* making *"*' the departure of any Souldio' serving (as in the said Acte is expressed) witheout Licence of the Lciuten'ut or other ^j™°p°]ony Officer or Officers named in the said Acte, or in their Absence of their Deputies, was made Felonye, ys of no revived.

Force Strengthe ne Effecte at this pnt, by reason of the Acte of Repeale of cenayne Treasons Felonies and Preminire made in the first Session of the Plament holden at Westminster in the first yere of the Quenes Majesties reigne:

» everye 0. • 0. omits. s The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Vol- IV.

4 N

322

4° & 5° Phii.. & Mae. c. 3,4,

A.D. 1557-8.

Be it for good and reasonable Considerac6ns, enacted and established by thaucthorite of this present Plam', That the saide Branche or Article, and every Sentence and Matter therm conteined, bee from hensforthe holy revived and recontinued, and be and rcmaine in full Strengthe and Effecte to all Internes Construcc&ns and Purposes, the Said Sutute said Acte of Repeale notwithestanding: And that all and every other Article Clause Proviso and Matter conteined

confirmed^ * * ® 53,1,6 Acte» 8t3nd6 remayne and bee in their full Force Effecte and Strengthe; Any thing in this Acte

conteined to the contrarye notwithestanding.

IX.

Exposition of $ 14. of 2, 3 E. VI. c. 2. respecting Reliefs from Tenants, &c.

And yet nevertheles, where in the sayd Acte it is provided, That no pson or psons shoulde be chardged for the taking or receyving of any Gifte or Rewarde of any of his or their Tenauntes or Frendes towards the reliefe aide or helpe of the same persones, being comanded to serve in Warres or otherwise to finde Men on Horsebacke or on Foote within this Realme or without, nor for the Gifte Rewarde Ayde or Helpe reserved or covenaunted to be payde or given, to any person appointed to serve in Warres or to fynde Horse or Men to serve, by reason of any Graunte Covenaunt Reservation Custome or Tenure, any thing in the said Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding, as by the said Acte and Proviso more plainlye it doothe and maye appeare: Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnt Flam', That no pson or psons shall or may by coloure of the said Proviso, or of any Woordes or Matter therin conteined, exacte or demande or levye anye some or somes of Money Horse Armoure or any other thing, other then shalbe employed forthewlh in the pnt Service of those Warres of the King and Quenes Majesties her heires or successo", for whiche it ys levied ; the whiche some or somes of Moneye Horse Armor or other thing, or asmuche therof as shall not be spent lost or consumed in the said service, shalbe rendered and restored to suche pson or psons as paied or delivered the same, upon the Penalties and Forfeitures conteined in the sayd Acte.

X.

Inhabitant! of Cities, &c. shall be mustered only therein.

Provided alwaies that no person or persones inhabiting within anye Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, being a County of yt selfe, or in whiche anny Justices of Peace be or hereafter shall bee by Charter, shalbee compellable by vertue of this Acte, to make his or their Appearaunce withe suche Furniture as is aforesaid, at any Muster hereafter to be had or taken out of the Suburbes Precincte or Liberties of the same Citie Boroughe or Towne; nor before any pson or psons authorised by Comission or otherwise as is aforesayd, oneles the Maio' or other heade Officer of suche Citie Boroughe or Towne, and one other discrete Inhabitaunt of the same at the least, bee joyned in the same Comission or other aucthorite as is aforesaid, withe the same other person or p6ons so authorised; Any thing before mentioned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte that Accessaries in Murder and divers Felonies shall not have the benefitte of Clergie.

Accessaries in Petty Treason, Murder, Robbery, or Arson, shall not hare Benefit of Clergy.

FOR the due punishement of suche as comaunde councell or hire any person or psons to comitte perpetrate or doo anye Petie Treason wilfull Murder or any of thoffences in this pnte Acte mentioned: Be it enacted by thaucthorite of this pnt Plam', That all and every pson and psons that after the firste daye of Marche nexte coming, shall maliciouslie comande hire or councell any pson or psons to comit or doo any Petie Treason wilfull Murder, or to doo any Robberie in any dwelling House or Howses, or to cdmitt or doo any Robberie in or nere any Highe Waye in the Realme of Englande or in any other the Quenes Dominions; or to comitt or doo any Robberie in any Place within the Marches of Englande against Scotelande, or willfully to bume any dwelling Howse or any parte therof, or any Bame then having Come or Grayne in the same ; that then everye suche Offender or Offenders, and every of them, being outlawed therof, or being therof arraigned and founde giltie by thorder of the Lawe, or being otherwise lawfullye attainted or convicted of the same Offence, or being arraigned therof doo stande muet of Malice or frowarde Mynde, or doo challendge peremtorie above the nomber of twentie persones, or will not aunswer directlye to suche Offence, shall not have the benefite of his or their Clergie.

II.

Peers shall be tried by Peers.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That every Lorde and Lordes of the Pliam', and Piere and Pieres of the Realme having Place and Voice in the Plam', upon every Inditement for any of thoffences aforesaid, shalbe tryed by their Piers as hathe bene accustomed by the Lawes of this Realme.

4°&5° Phil. & Mar. c.5.

323

v

<1

ill

k

k

k

<1

ii

c

k

s

t

A.D. 1557-8.

CHAPTER V.

An Acts towching the making of Wollen Clothes.

WHERE in the Plain' holden at Westminster in the Fifte and Sixte yeres of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixte, ther was by greate Deliberation and Advise one good Acte made for the true and perfect making of Wollen Clothe within this Realme; Sithens the making wherof, divers Clothiers founde themselfes agreved, alledging that it is impossible for them [tobserve' ] the same Acte in all pointes, and have in this pnt Pliam' prayed some Mitigation therof; It is therfor at their special Instance and Request ordered established enacted and provided in manner & forme following: In primis, that every White Clothe and Clothes cSmonly called Long Worcesters, and all like Clothes of like making mentioned in the said Acte, whiche by the same was limited to weigh Ixxxiiij" powndf being well skoured thicked milled and fully dryed, shall weighe Ixxv. powndf at the least. Item, every White Clothe whiche shalbec made in the Counties of Wiltsh' Glocester and Somerset, or any of them or ellswher of like making, being appointed by the said Act to weighe Ixiiij powndcs, shall weighe, being well skoured thicked mylled and fully dryed Ixj powndes at the leaste. Item, everie Broade Clothe made in the Shires of Kent and Sussexe, or at the Towne of Reding, or any of them or elswhere, of like making mentioned in the said Acte, whiche by the same was lymited to weighe fowreskore tenne poundes at the leaste, shall weighe beyng well scoured thicked milled and fully dryed, fowreskore sixe powndes at the leaste. Item, That every course shorte Clothe made in the Shires of Suff Norff and Essexe, or any of them or elswhere, of like sorte, and every course Clothe to bee made within the Shire of Kent not exceeding the price of Sixe powndes, all whiche by the said Acte ar appointed to conteine seven q'rters of a yarde at the least in Breadthe, shall conteine and be at the Water, being throughe wet, syxe quarters and a halfe within the Liste throughe and by all the whole Clothe at the leaste. Item, every yarde of Clothe comonly called Handywarpe, being well scoured thicked milled and fully dried, shall containe the Breadthe specified in the said Acte, and shall wayeghe twoo powndf and a halfe at the least.

And Forasmuche as many psones doo counterfeit the making of Cocksall Bocking and Braintree Clothes commonly called Handywarpes, adding therunto suche lyke Lystes as the makers of suche Clothes doo, to the great disceypte of the King and Quenes Majesties Subjectes: Be it therfore enacted, That no pson or p6ons from the first day of Maye next cdming, shall adde unto any Clothe or Clothes any suche like Liste or Listes excepte the Warpe therof be spune upon the Rocke or Distaff, upon paine of forfeiture of the same Clothe or Clothes, or the verie value therof. Provided alwaies that the Clothemakers within the Citie of Worcester may make suche Listes as they have doon heretofore.

Item, That no pson or psons inhabiting within the Westryding in the Countie of Yorke, shall make or cause to bee made any Broade Clothe or Clothes called Pewkes Tawneis Violets or Grenes, excepte the Wooll therof before it bee converted into Yarne, bee first dyed litted and coulered withe the coulour blue, of the value of ij d. a pownde, upon payne of forfeiture of every suche coulered Clothe, or the value therof, wherof the Woolle shall not be first dyed litted and coulered withe the coulo' Blue of ij d. a ti. as is aforesaid.

Item, That every ordinarie Karsey mentioned in the said Acte, shall conteine in lengthe in the water betwext xvj and xvij yardes, yarde and ynche, and being well scoured thicked milled dressed and fullye dryed, shall weighe ninetene powndes the peece at the least, and every Karseye called sorting Karsey mentioned in the said Acte, being well scouredd thicked milled dressed and fully dryed readye to be shewed, shall weighe twentye twoo powndes at the leaste. Item, that everye Devonshire Karsey called Dossone, the whiche is appointed by the same Statute to weighe being drie, xiiij powndes at the leaste, shall weighe being well scoured thicked milled and fully dryed after the rate of every yarde, one pownde at the least.

Item, That one Article mentioned in the said Statute concerning Welshe Cottons, towching the lengthe & weight, shalbee derely voide; and everie Gode of Welche lyning shall conteine and be three quarters of a yarde in Breadthe in the water, and shall weighe one pownde and a half quarter, and every yarde of Cotton being fully wrought and cottoned shall weighe one pownde at the leaste.

And bee it further enacted, That no pson or psons, whiche shall buy to sell agayn by way of Retaile or otherwise any of the said Welshe Lininges, shall dresse or woorcke or cause to be dressed or wrought within his or their Dwelling House or Houses, or in any other place by himself or his Serv*nt or Servauntes, any of the said Welshe Lininges, but shall put the same to some such pson or psons as shalbee of the Arte or Science of Sheremen Cottoners or Frisers, to be by them wrought and dressed, upon paine of forfeiture for every Welshe Cotton or Lining frised or cottoned to the contrary vj s. viij d.

Item, That all and every Cotton or Cottons called Manchester Lanckeshire and Cheshire Cottons, and all Clothes called Manchester Rugges or Manchester Frises, may be dyvided into Twoo halfe peeces, and shall conteine and be after the rate of suche Breadthe and Weight as in the said Acte ys lymited and appointed to bee a whole pece of every of the severall peeces of Cottons and Rugges aforesaid ; Any thing in the said former Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

1 to obfve 0.

For Amendment of 8t. 5.6E.VI.C.6. at to making of Woollen Cloth s

Weight of Long Worcettere j

White Clolha of Wiltshire, &c. t

Broad Clotha of Kent, See.;

Breadth of Short Clotha of Suffolk, Sic.;

Weight of Handy warpe.

II.

Making the Liat of certain Clotha.

III.

Coloured Clotha of Yorkshire, Weat Riding.

V.

Weleh Lininga.

VL

Retailers of Welah Lininga ehall not dreaa them at Home.

VII.

Minchcater Clotha, fcc. may be cut in Half Piccee.

324

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 5.

A.D. 1557-S.

VIII. Excess in Length of Cloths shall be equal in Weight.

Penalty on Defect in Weight.

IX.

Aulnagers Seal,

5 8t 6 E.VI. c. 6. § 6. repealed.

X.

Seal to distinguish Faulty Cloths.

Recompence for Faulty Cloths

.5 fc <5 E.VI. c.6. i 13. repealed.

XII.

Counterfeiting Seal punishable as by

5 fc 6 Edw. VI.

XIII. Seals to Cloths made in Towns Corporate.

XIV. Cloths made out of Towns may be sealed there.

XV.

Corporations shall forfeit the Value of every Cloth unduly sealed there.

And if anie Clothe or Karseye of the severall kindes of makinges mentioned in the said former Acte or this Estatute, doo excede the severall Lengthes mentioned in the same, that then every yarde so exceding shall weighe after suche rate as every yarde of suche Clothe or Karseis conteining the said severall Lengthes shall or ought to weighe, upon payne of forfeiture for every yarde not weieng after suche rate fyve shillingf; And if any suche Clothe or Karseis shall lacke of suche Weight as by the said Statute or this Acte it ought and ys appointed to have, then the Maker therof or other person in whose Handes or Possession the same shalbe founde, shall forfeite for every pownde lacking above sour powndes, five shillinges, and also for every pownde exceeding not above iiij powndf ij s. in maner and fourme as in the said former Acte is appointed.

Item, One Article mentioned in the sayd Statute, wherin the Aulneger is prohibited to set his Seale to annye Clothe or Karseye which shall prove pursye [ bandy1 ] squally in or by Warpe or Wofe, or els shall happen to be evill burled or wasted in the Mill, or otherwise to bee full of Holes Mylbrackes, or to bee holye, shalbe voide

and of none effecte.

Item, It is enacted, That if at any time after the first daye of Maye, any Clothe or Karsey throughe the defaulte or necligence of the Carders Spiiiers or Weavers, or any of them, shall or doo prove Pursey Cockeley Bandye Squallye or Rowye, by Warpe or Woofe, or els shall happen to be evill burled or wasted in the Myll, orels throughe the defaulte or necligence of the Myll man or otherwise to be full of Holes Milbrackes, or to be holeye, that then the maker of every suche Clothe or Karseye so being defective or faultie as is aforesaid, shall fixe unto every ende of the said Clothe or Karsey so being defective and faultie, and offred to be solde, one Seale of Leade, in the whiche Seale shalbe ingraved this woorde (Faultie), upon paine of forfeiture of suche Clothe or Karseye, or the value therof so offred to be solde, wheronto suche Seale shall not be sett.

Item, The Article mentioned in the said former Acte of returning of defective Clothes Karseis Frises or Cottons being transported over the Seas by the Marchauntes shall bee utterly voide; But nevertheles be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if it shall fortune hereafter any Marchaunt or Marchauntes, to transporte any Clothe or Clothes Karseis Frises or Cottons whereunto the Seale withe this Woorde (Faultie) was not annexed at the tyme of the Sale therof by the Clothier, and the same Clothes Karseis Frises of Cottons so transported, or any of them to be founde faultie or defective, and the same Marchaunte or Marchauntes therof, withein twoo yeares after suche Sale, to bring a Certificate sealed withe the Seale of any Towne or Companye in the pties beyonde the Seas, or signed by a Notarye ther, after thaccustomed manner, testifieng and declaring therby the losse and damage whiche the Marchantes shall have susteyned by suche defective and faultie Clothe or Clothes so transported, that then the Clothier or Clothiers or other person of whom the Clothe or Clothes was bought, their executoures or administratours, shall within Sixe Weekes next after request made by the said Marchaunt his executoures administratours or assignes, well and truly satisfie content and paye to suche Marchaunt his executoures administratours or assignes, all and every suche some and s5mes of Moneye as shall so bee mentioned expressed and declared in the sayd Certificate, upon payne of forfeiture to the partie greyed for everye none payment upon suche Request, double the value of suche some or somes mentioned in the sayd Certificate. Provided alwaies, That suche Marchaunte shall not in anye wise have by vertue of this Acte anye Recompence for lacke of Lengthe Breadthe or Weight of or for anye Clothe wheronto the Seale of anye Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate shall bee fixede.

Item, If any persone shall by himselfe or by any other persone by him procured, contrefeit setto or take awaye from any Clothe Karseye Frise Rugge or Cotton, any Seale appointed to be fixed to any Clothe Karseye Frise Rugge or Cotton, either by this Acte or by the said former Estatute, that then every suche psone so offending shall incurre and have lyke penalties forfeitures and punishementes as in the sayd former Acte is appointed and lymited for the lyke Offence.

And for the better execucbn aswell of this pnt Acte as of the sayd former Estatute, and to thintent that all kinde of Karseis Cottons Frises Rugges and other Wollen Clothe made in any Towne shalbe the better knowen;

It ys further enacted, That the Seale of everye Boroughe or Towne Corporate apointed or to bee appointed for the sealing of any suche kinde of Clothe, shalbe fixed to all and everye suche kinde of Clothe being well and substantiallye made within suche Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate, whiche Clothe so sealed w* the Seale of any Citie Bourghe or Towne Corporate, shall not be searched tryed or viewed by any Searcher or Sealer of any other Citie Bourghe or Towne Corporate, by vertue of his said Office; Any thing in this Acte or in the said former Estatute to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Item, Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That every personne and personnes not dwelling and inhabiting within any Citie Boroughe or [Towne Corporate,’] and making any of the Clothes or Karseis aforesayd, maye lawfullye bring the same to the nexte Citie Boroughe or [Towne Corporate’] where anny suche kinde of Clothes or Karseis bee or shalbee comonlye made, ther to bee sealed in maner and fourme as is before expressed.

Item, If any Searcher or Sealer apointed or to be appointed by vertue of this pnte Acte or of the sayd former Statute, shall sett the Seale of any Citie Bourghe or Towne Corporate to any Clothe whiche shall not conteine suche Lengthe Weight and Breadthe as in the said former Statute or in this pnte Acte is appointed, that then the Mayo’ and

1 bondy O. * Corporate Town 0.

VjUO

AX>.155?-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c.5.

325

Cdminaltie or Bailief and Cominaltie or other Corporac&n of the Towneshippc, by whatsoever name or names it or they shaibe incorporated, wher suche Clothe Karseye Frise Cotton or Ruggc shalbe so sealed, shall forfeite and lose the whole value of the Clothe so sealed.

It is also enacted by thaucthorite of this j5nt Pliam', that the said Searchers or Sealers, and everye one of them, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte, in the Daye tyme, tenter into all and every House and Houses of everye pson or psones where he or they shall thinck meete, to serche and to trye all and every kinde of Clothes Karseis Frises and Rugges as they shall finde defective either in Lengthe Bredthe or Weight, and the same to trye by Water and Weight, and also to searche and sease as forfeite, all and every Clothe and Clothes made of other Couloures then in the said former Acte ys appointed, Fryars Graye Crane coulour Purple and olde Medley colou'* most comonly used to be made before twentye yeres last past onelye excepted. And if any maner of pson or psones at any time after the first daye of Maye next edming, shall denie withestande or witholde any Clothe or Clothes Karseis Frises Rugges, or any of them, from the sayde Sealers or Searchers, or any of them, or will not suffer them to enter into their Shoppes Warehouses Houses or Places where their Clothes Karseies Frises or Rugges shall bee, the same to be searched and tryed as is aforesaid, that then every suche psonne or personnes so denieng or withstanding, for every suche withstanding witholding or deniall, to forfeit and lose tenne powndes.

Be it likewise further enacted, That it shall not be lawfull for anny of the said Searchers or Sealers or any other person, to searche anye maner of Wollen Clothe or Karseye wherunto the Seale of a Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate shalbe fixed within the comon Clothe Markett of London comonlye called Blackwell Hall, or in any edmon Clothe Faire or Clothe Markett of any other Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate in and during the tyme of the Fayre or Markett; Any Acte or Statute to the contrary notwithestanding.

Be it further enacted, That all and every Article Clause and Sentence in the sayd former Statute made in the Fifthe and Syxthe yere of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte, beyng not repungnant or contrarye to any Article Clause or Sentence conteined in this pnt Acte, shall stande in full force and effecte. Provided alwaies that no person or personnes shall incurre the Daunger Penaltie or Forfeiture lymited and appointed for any Offence in the sayd former Acte, the whiche is alreadie mittigated or otherwise appointed by this presente Acte.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritee aforesayd, That every Clothier shall cause everye Clothe whiche he shall putt to sale from and after the Feast of the Nativitye of Saint John Baptiste nexte coming, to be marked withe the Letter M. crowned, wrought in the Clothe, upon payne to forfeite twentye shillinges for everye Clothe being solde or putto Sale by any suche Clothyer after the said Feast, not marked w"‘ the said Letter M. as is aforesaid.

And moreover be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson or psons after the sayd Feast of the Nativite of S‘ John Baptist, shall sell or putto sale w^in the Realme of Englande, any coulored Clothe of any other coulor or coulo's then are hereafter mentioned; that is to say, Scarlet Redd Crimosin Morrey Violet Pewke Brownblewe Black Grene Yellow Blue [ Oringe tawney1 ] Russet Marble Gray sad newe Coulour Azure Watchet Shepes coulour Lyon coulor Motlei Yrongray Friarsgray Cranecollo' Purple and olde Medley coullo', most comonly used to be made above and before twenty yeres last past.

Item, Wheras dyvers auncient Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate withein this Realme of Englande, hathe been in tymes past well and substanciallye inhabited occupied mainteined and upholden, aswell by reason of making of Broad Wollen Clothes and Karseis as also by divers other Artificers inhabyting then in the said Townes, at whiche time also the Villages and Husbande townes florished, and Husbandrie and Tillage was well mainteyned, to the greate benefite of the Realme and all the people therin, forasmuche as divers yeres past suche persons as doo use the Feate or Misterye of Clothemaking, not contented to lyve as Artificers and withe the Trade wherin they have been brought uppe, doo daylye plante themselfes in Villages and Townes being no Cities Boroughes nor Corporate Townes, and ther occupieng the Feate and Place of a Husbondman, doo not onely engrosse divers Fermes and Pastures into their Handes, displeasing the Husbondman and decayeng the Ploughes and Tillages, but also drawc withe them out of Cities Bourghes and Townes Corporate all sortes of Artificers, wherby not onely divers ancient Cities Bourghes and Townes Corporate are utterly decaied destroyed and depopulated, but also Husbandrye and Tillages verie muche decayed, to the greate hurte damage and prejudice of this Realme and the people therin, yf spedye Remedye bee not foreseen. And forasmuche also as the Weavers and Worckmen of Clothiers when they have ben traded up in the trade of Clothe making and weaving three or sour yeares, doo forsake their Masters and doo become Clothiers and Occupiers for themselfes, without Stocke Skill or Knowledge, to the great slander of the true Clothemaking, besides a great nomber of Inconveniences which doo growe to the Comonwelthe of this Realme therby, as dayly Experience teachethe: Be it therfore ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite of this put Pliam1, That from and after the first daye of Maye next coming, no person or psons whatsoever shall use or exercise the Feate or Misteric of making weaving or rowing of Wollen Clothes, long or short, or Karseis pinned Whites or playne Streightes, to thintent to put the same to sale, but onelye in a Market Towne where Clothe hathe comonly been used to be made by the space of tenne yeres last past, or in a Citie Boroughe or Towne corporate, upon peine of forfeiture for every suche Wollen Clothe or Karseye made woven or rowed out of suche Citie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Market Town, Five Powndes.

XVI. Searcher* and Scalers may cuter Houses to execute their Duties;

Penalty on resisting them, See. £10.

XVII.

Cloth* scaled with City Seal not liable to Search at Blackwell Hall, See.

XVIII.

5 & 6 E. VI. c 6. confirmed as amended by this Act.

XIX.

Cloths to be marked with M. crowned.

XX.

Of what Colours Cloths may be.

XXI.

Decay of Towns by Removd of Clothiers, &c.

None shall make Cloth except in usual Market Towns or Cities, See. Penalty t'j per Cloth.

1 Oriche tawney 0.

4 O

on

326

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 5, 6,

A.D. 1557-8.

XXII. None shall weave Cloth but such as have been Apprentice, 4c c.

XXIII.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

XXIV. Proviso for Dwelling of existing Cloth makers.

XXV.

In what Places Cloths may be made out of Market Towns, &c.

XXVI. Proviso for Apprenticeship of existing Clothmakers.

XXVII.

Proviso for Sale of existing coloured Cloths.

An d it is farther enacted, That from and after the first daye of Maye, no pson whatsoever shall weave or make or putto weaving or making, any Wollen Clothes or Karseis last rehearsed to bee solde, unles suche person shall have been Apprentise to thoccupacftn of making weaving and rowing of Clothe or Karseis, or have been exercised therin by the space of seven yeres before, upon peine of forfeiture of suche Clothe or the value therof.

And Be it farther enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That all and every Payne* Penalties and Forfeitures to bee due by force of this Statute or of the said former Acte, being not otherwise appointed, shalbe divided equallye into twoo

partes wherof thone shalbe to the Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures and thother unto him that will sease

(in cases wher Seaser is limited or appointed) or els to him or them that will sue for the same Paynes Penalties and Forfeitures or any of them, by Action Bill Plaint Informacbn or otherwise in any Courte of Recorde wherin no Essoine Protecc&n Wager of Lawe or Injunction shalbe admitted allowed or obeied.

Provided alwaies, That it shalbe lawfall to any person now using or exercising the Feate or Mysterie of making weaving or rowing of Clothe or Karseye, to inhabite and dwell wher he nowe doethe and ther to use the making

weaving or rowing of Clothe or Karseye as he hathe doone heretofore; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye

notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies. That it shalbe lawfall to all and every pson or psons whiche nowe doo or hereafter shall inhabite or dwell in any of the Shieres of Northewales or Sowthewales Cheshire or Lanckashire Westmerland Combreland Northumbreland Bishoprick of Durham Comewall Suffolke Kent the Towne of Goddlemyne in the Cowntie of Surreye or Yorkeshire being not within twelve Miles of the Citie of Yorke, or in any the Townes or Villages nere adjoyning the Water of Stroude in the Cowntie of Gloucester, wher Clothes hathe been usually made by the space of twentye Yeres last past, and having been Prentice to thoccupacon of Clothe making, or exercised in the same by the Space of seven Yeres, to sett upp use and exercise the Feate or Mysterie of making weaving or rowing of Clothe out of a Citie Boroughe or Market Towne as heretofore they might have doone} Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided also. That it shalbe lawfall to any Person nowe using or exercising, or that hathe used or exercised the Feate or Mysterie of Clothe making, the same to continue use and exercise althoughe he hathe not bene therunto Apprentice, or have exercised the same by the Space of seven Yeres; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

(') Provided alwaies and be it also farther enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That it shall bee lawfull to every pson and psons to sell and putto sale by Retaile and otherwise, all and everye suche couloured Clothe and Clothes as he or they nowe have, as freely as he or they maye lawfallye sell anny Clothes of the Couloures in this present Acte allowed to be sold untill the Feast of Sainte Michaell Tharchaungell nexte ensueng j This Acte or the said former Statute in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte tenquire of the behaviour of Frenchemen being Denizens.

Ordinance of ijRk.II. restraining; Aliens from holding Benefices in England, confirmed by St. I H.V. c. 7.

IN their most humble wyse shewen unto yor most Royall Majestie, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and all other yor most loving and obedient Subjectes the Comons in yor most Highe Courte of Flam* assembled. That where at a Flam' holden at Westminster in the xiij"‘ yere of the Reigne of King Richard the Seconde, It was for sondry good considers cons ordeyned and enacted, That no Alyen Frenchman should have or enjoye annye Benefice within this Realnie, but that they shoulde be avoided forthewithe out of the same before a certaine time in the said Acte limited, as in the same Acte ys more playnly conteyned; And that at what howre any Pryories Alyens Conventuall or other Benefice or Office gyven by Title of the King, dyd voyd by Laches or Deathe of the said Priour and other Occupiours, That than (during the'Warres) honest psons Englishe, should bee put therin in the place of them, taccomplishe Dyvine Service, and none of the Enemies aforesaid: And yet notwithstanding the said Ordinance, the said Aliens Frenchemen by evell Imaginacbn 8c brocage to continue the evell mischeifes of the said Ordinance, dyd purchace Lettres Patentes of the King to be Denizens and Lieges of the King, and so sware to continue the same, to thintent toccupye and enjoy the said Benefices, and by that meanes did occupie a greate nomber of Benefices, against the said Ordinance, by meanes wherof the Alyens Frenche were increased, to the dyminishing of the Subjectes of the King, and the Treasure of the King and the Realme dyd carrie out of this Realme, and the Coucell of the King did discover to Thenemies of France, to the grete damage of the King and the Realme: For Remedie wherof at a Flam' holden at Westminster the first yere of the Reigne of the most worthye Prince of famouse memorye King Henry the Fifthe, the same King considering the mischeifes aforesaid, by thaucthorite of the same Flam1, willed that the said Ordinance shoulde be saufely holden and kepte and put in due Execucftn (certeine Priour Aliens excepted) and that they shoulde put in Suretie not to discover nor cause to be discovered the Concell nor the Secretes of

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1557-8.

3° & 4° Phil. & Mar. c.6.

327

k.

fi

I

I

I

i

I

I

i

it

!■

il

i

k

the Realme: And wher sithens the making of the said Actes of Flam', sondryc other good Lawes and Acte* have been 6t. i Ric. m. c. 9. made, aswell in the tyme of King Richarde the Thirde, as in the time of King Henrie Theight, in w® Actes it is declared provided lymited and ordeined under what sorte the said Aliens and everie of them shoulde use themselfes re*pccting Alien*, within this Realme: And where also by one Acte of Plament made at Westminster in the xxxij yere of the 31 H.VIII. c. 16. Reigne of the said late King Henrie Theight, It was enacted amongest other thinges conteined in the said Acte,

That all maner of Straungers borne out of His Graces Obeisance, whiche before that tyme were made Denizens,

or that after that should be made Denizens, from and after the first daye of September then ncxte coming, shoulde

bee bounden and be obedient by and unto all thaforesaid Actes and Statutes made in the first yere of the said

King Richarde the Thirde, and in the xiiij"" and xxjth yeres of the said King Henrye Theight, and to all the Contentes

of the same, and to all other Actes and Statutes of this Realme before that time made or from hensforthe to bee

made; And that also in all and every tres Patentes of or for any Denyzen, from and after the last daye of the

same Plam' so holden in the said xxxij yere, to be made to any Stranger not being borne under the Kinges

Obeisance, ther shoulde be conteyned in every suche tres Patentes a Proviso that he or they to whom suche tres

Patentes shalbe so made and granted, should be bownden and bee obedient by and unto all the Actes and Statutes

of this Realme as is aforesaid, and to all and every the Contentes of the same: as by the same Actes more plainely

it doethe and maye appeare: Yet sithence the making of the said severall Actes, a greate nomber and multitude of Abu«e of Letter*

the Frenche Nation have arived into this Realme, aswell nere to the Seaside as ellswher, and under a fained false by Frenchmen

and untrue Protnyse or Othe of Allegiance and Faithe promised to be by them borne to this Realme, they have

of late yeres sithence the saide xxxij'’1 yere of the Reigne of the saide late King Henry Theight, by sinister and

undue meanes, obteyned dyvers and sondrye severall tres Patentes wherby they bee made Denizens, and by force

therof doo enjoye the Liberties and Priviledges of this Realme, and yet contrarye to the true meaning of the

said tres Patentes in their CondicSns and Behaviours theye doo remaine Frenche, and daylye from time to time doo

discover the Councell State and Privities of this Realme, and compas imagine and procure sundrye Mischeifes and

Damage to be doone by the Frenche Nation to this Realme, contrary to the said Actes of Pliament, and contrary

to their said Letters Patentes and the Proviso conteined in the same: For Remedik wherof, and for thavoiding of All Frenchmen and

thiminent perill that for want of due Providence may ensue to yo' most Roiall pson (whom our Lord God long to abide in the

preserve to reigne over us) and to this your Highnes Realme by the malitious and secret practises of the sayd Denizens,

We most humbly beseche yor most Excellent Majestie to have vigilant Care and tender Consideration of yor own the War j

suretie and preservacon of this yor Realme; and having good and sure Experience of yo' accustomed hono'able

and mercifull Disposition and IncIinacSn, Doo also most humblye beseche the same, that by yo’ Roiall Assent it

maye be enacted by thauthoritee of this pnt Plam', That all Frenchemen, and all and every other pson and psons

borne in any place beyonde the Seas, whiche at the time of the Birthe of any suche pson or psons was under

the Frenche Kinges Obeisance, not being Denizens, (other then suche as the King and Quenes Highnes or the Quene

onely shall speciallye licence limit and appointe to remaine within this Realme,) shall departe out of this Realme

and out and from the Dominions and Territories of the same, ther to remaine and continue without returnc into

this Realme, during the time and continuance of the Warres betwen the Frenche King and our Sovereignc Ladye

the Queene or her Heires or Successoures: And that our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladie the King and the Quene, or Letters of

her Highnes onelye, by thaucthoritee of this Acte, by their ires Patentes under the Gret Seale of Englande, shall ^Frenchm«iran ed

and may have full power and aucthoritie from time to time during the Lief of the Quenes Highnes (whiche

Almighty God long prosper and continue) after Office founde or other due proofe of the Misdemeanour of any by Proclamation,

suche Denizen comitted cotrarye to the Lawes of this Realme, to repeale and make voide all and singler ires Patentes of^na^inrt*"*

or as many of them as to her Highnes shall seme good, made sithence the said xxxij'11 yere of the Reigne of King the Laws of the

Henry Theight to any Alyen or Stranger borne Frenche and under the Obeisance of the Frenche King, concerning Re*lm-

onely the making of suche Alien or Stranger Denizen; the same ires Patentes of Repeale to be proclaimed and

used in maner and fourme folowing, That is to saye; That every suche ires Patentes of Repeale shall conteine

the Names and Surnames of every suche Alien Stranger whose ires Patentf shall so be repealed, and shalbe solempnly

and openly redd and proclaymed in the King and Quenes Court of Chancerie, betwen the howres of nyne and

eleven before Noone, one day in any one Terme to be kept at Westminster, and in suche and as inanye Termes

& Counties of this Realme as shalbe limited or appointed or otherwise seme mecte to the Quenes Ma'1, at any

time hereafter during her Highnes said lief; And that all and everie suche ires Patentes to be repealed in maner

and fourme aforesaid, from and iiiiediately after xxx dais next ensueng suche Repeale, shall touching onelye the

making of suche Alyen or Stranger, Denizen, be voide and of none effecte, and not before.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That suche Aliens and Strangers Denizens whose Patentes Aijcn| licensed to the Quenes Highnes hereafter shall fortune [tallowe1 ] or confirme, or whom her Highnes shall licence to remaine and remain in the tarrie in this Realme, shalbe bouden to the King and Quenes Ma’1* by Recognisance not to discover nor cause to be obey

discovered the Councell nor the Secrete of this Realme, and further to bee bownde and obedyente unto and by l,ic Law*, &c. the Lawes and Statutes of the same; And yf any suche Alien borne Frenche and under the Obeysance of the Frenche King as is aforesaid, shall refuse to knowledge annye suche Recognisance, that then the said Confirmation Allowance and Licence shalbe voide and of none Effecte.

Provided alwaies. That if any suche Alyen as is aforesaid shall have purchased any Manour Landes Tenementes HI.

or Hereditamentes of any Estate of Inheritance within this Realme sithence the time that he was made Denizen; or that any Mano' Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes within this Realme were given to any suche Alien of any

1 to also we 0.

c

328

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 6, 7.

A.D. 1557-8.

Lands of Denizens, Estate of Inheritance by any ires Patentes, or in the same ires Patentes wherby he was made Denizen, that the same

shaUben^d" Mano" Lands Tents and Hereditam'f after the Decease of suche Alien, whose ires Patentes of making Denizen shalbe

shall descend to as ;s aforesaid repealed, shall and maye discende remaine or come unto suche his Heire or Heires as bene borne

their Decease. within this Realme, and as be inheritable to the same, or to suche other pson or psons that shoulde by the Lawes

of this Realme have and injoy the same or any parte therof, yf this Acte or no suche Repeale had been made, in suche maner and fourme as thoughe no suche Repeale were had or made; The same Repeale or any thing in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

IV.

Profits of such Lands, during the Life of such Denizens, shall be forfeited to the Crown.

Provided also. That it shalbe lawfull to the Quenes Ma,ie her Heires and Sucresso" immediatly from and after the departure of everie suche Denizen out of this Realme, to receive and take the cleare yearlye Issues Revenues and Profittes of all suche Mano'* Landes Tenementes Rents Fees Annuitees and Hereditamentes wherof any suche Denizen were seazed or had at the time of this Acte, or at the time of his departure out of this Realme as is aforesaid, for and during the lief of every suche Denizen, in as ample and large maner and fourme and in suche qualite condicon and degree as any such Denizen might laufullye have received and taken at the time of the making of this pnt Acte and not otherwise; Any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte to make uppe the Jurie withe Circumstantib}, where the King and Quenes Majesties is a Ptie.

Recital of St.

35 H. VIII. c.6.

3. granting Talcs de Circumstantibui in Cases between Party and Party

Extended to all Suits where the Crown is a Party, and to all Qui tarn Actions on Penal Statutes.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the xiiiju> day of Januarye in the xxxv"‘ yere of the Reigne of the most Noble and Victorious Prince King Henry Theight, late King of Englande, amongest other thinges it was enacted and established for the spedy Triall of Issues joined betwen ptie and ptie in any of the Kinges Courtes of Recorde holden at Westminster, to be tryed by the Verdicte of Twelve Men, before the Jusdces of Assise or Nisi Prius, that in every Writ of Habeas Corpora, or Distringas withe a Nisi Prius, delyvered of Recorde to the Shyrief or other Minister or Ministers to whom the making of the Returne shall appertaine, where a full Jurye shall not appeare before the Justices of Assise or Nisi Prius or elleswher, after appearance of a full Jurie by Chalenge of any of the Parties, the Jurye is like to remayne untaken for default of the Jurours, That then the same Justices uppon Request made by the Parties Plaintife or Demandant, shall have aucthoritee by vertue of the said Acte, to comande the Sherif or other Minister or Ministers to whom the making of the said Returne shall appertaine, to name and apointe as often as nede shall require, so many of suche other liable psons of the said Coutie then pnt at the said Assises or Nisi Prius, as shall make up a full Jurye, whiche psons so to be named and enpanelled by suche Sherif or other Minister or Ministers, shalbe added to the former Panell and their Names annexed to the same, as by the said Acte more at large appearethe: whiche Statute was made tendure till thende of the next Plam', and after was and ys from tyme to time cotinued and dothe nowe remaine stande and be in effecte; wcb Acte dothe not extende to any Jurie enpanelled to trie an Issue joined betwen the King and the ptie, or betwen suche as pursue any matter for the King and themselves: Be it therfore enacted ordeined and established by the King and Quenes Matil’ the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this pnt Plyam* assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, That from and after the first daye of June next edming, the Justices of Assise and Nisi Prius before whom any Triall shalbe made by vertue of any Writte of Habeas Corpora, or Distringas withe a Nisi Prius, wher a full Jurie shall not appeare, or after appearance of a full Jurie by Chalenge, the Jury is like to remaine untaken for defaulte of Jurours, shall have aucthorite by vertue of this Acte, upon Request made for the King and Quene her Heires or Successoures, by any authorised therunto or assigned by the Justices of the Courte before whom the said Enquest shall be taken, or upon Request to bee made by the Partie that folowethe aswell for the King and Quene her Heires and Successoures as for himselfe upon any penall Statute, or his or their Attoumeye, to comaunde the Sherif or other Minister or Ministers to whom the making of the said Returne shall appertayne, to name and appointe as often as nede shall requyre, so many of suche other liable psons of the said Countie then present at the said Assises or Nisi Prius, and to adde and annexe the Names to the former Panell as shall make upp a full Jurye of Twelve Men for the Triall of every suche Issue: And that all and every Clause Sentence Article and Proviso comprised in the said former Acte shall be taken enterpreted and expownded to gyve the lyke and the same Advauntage and Comoditie to the King and Quenes Ma'f her Heires and Successoures, and all suche pson and psons as shall pursue any Accon Plainte Bill or Informacon for the King and Quenes Ma'f her Heires and Successoures onely, or for them and the Partie, as the Partye Plaintife in any other Accftn should or might have by vertue of the said Acte, in suche fourme and condic&n to all internes and purposes as if suche Accons or Sutes for the King hadd been specially and perticulerlye mentioned and declared in the said Acte.

PENN STATf

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 8.

329

Evil of Abduction and Marriage of HeireMe*. Sic. without Content of their Parent!, ice.

None shall take any Female under 16, out of the Custody of her Father j except her Master, Mistress, or Guardian.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the Punisheinent of suche as shall take awaye Maydens that bee Inheritoures, being within thage of xvj yeres, or that marrie them without Consent of their Parentes.

WHERE Maidens and Women Children of Noblemen Gentlemen and others, aswell suche as be Heires Apparante to their Auncesto", as others having lefte unto them by their Father or other Ancesto' and Frendes Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes or other great Substances in Goodes and Cattelles moveable, for and to thintent to advance them in Marriage somewhat lyke according to their degres and as might bee most for their Suretie and Comforte as well for theselves as of all their freendes and kinesfolkes. Be often tymes unwares to their said frendes and kinesfolkes, by flattery trifling Giftes and faire promises of many unthriftie and light psonages, and therto by thintreatie of psons of lewde demeano' and others, that for Rewardes bye and sell the said Maidens and Children, secretly allured and wonne to contracte Matrimonie withe the said unthriftie and light psonages, and therupon either w"1 slight or force oftentymes be taken and conveied awaye from their said Parentes Freendes or Kynnesfolkes, to the highe displeasure of Almightie God, dispargem' of the said Children and thextreme contynuall hevines of all their Freendes; whiche ungodly dealing for lack of wholsome Lawes to the redresse therof remainethe a greate familyar and common mischeife in this our Common Welthe: For Remedie wherof be it enacted by the King and Quenes Majesties the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons of this pm Plain' assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same. That it shall not be lawful to any pson or psons to take or conveye awaye or cause to be taken or conveyde away, any Mayde or Woman Childe unmaried, being under thage of Syxtene Yeres, out of or from the Possession Custodie or Governance and against the Will of the Father of suche Mayde or Woman Childe, or of suche pson or psons to whom the Father of suche Maide or Woman Childe by his last Will and Testament or by any other Acte in his lyes time hathe or shall appoint assigne bequeathe gyve or grante thorder keping Educac&n or Governance of suche Mayde or Woman Childe, excepte suche taking and conveing away as shalbe had made or doone by or for suche pson or psons as without fraude or covine bee or then shalbe the Maister or Maistres of suche Mayde or Woman Childe or the Gardaine in Socage or Gardaine in Chivalrie of or to suche Mayden or Woman Childe.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That yf any pson or psons, above thage of xiiij™' yeres, shall from and after the first daye of Aprill next coming, unlawfully take or convey or cause to be taken or conveide any Maide or Woman Childe unmaried, being within thage of xvj"* yeres, out of or from the possession and against the will of the Father or Mother of suche Childe, or out or from the possession and against the will of suche pson or psons as then shall happen to have by any lawfull waies or meanes thorder keping educacon or governance of any suche Maiden or Woman Childe; that then every suche pson and psons so offending, being therof lawfully attainted or convicted by thorder and due course of the Lawes of this Realme, (other then suche of whom suche p6on taken awaye shall holde any Landes or Tenementes by Knightes Service,) shall have and suffer Imprisonement of his or their Bodies by the Space of Twoo whole yeres without Bayle or Mayneprise, or elles shall paye suche Fine for his or their sayd Offence as shalbee assessed by the C5nsell of the Quenes Highnes, her heires or successoures, in the Starre chamber at Westminster.

And Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if any suche pson or psons, after the sayd daye, shall so take awaye or cause to be taken away as is aforesaid and deflower any suche Mayde or Woman Childe as is aforesaid, or shall against the will or unknowing of or to the Father of any suche Maide or Woman Childe,

(yf the Father be in lief,) or against the will or unknowing of the Mother of any suche Maide or Woman Childe having the Custodye and Governance of suche Childe yf the Father be deade, by secrett tres messages or otherwise contracte Matrimonie withe any suche Mayden or Woman Childe, except suche Contractes of Matrymonie as shall be made by the Consent of suche pson or psons as by the Title of Wardeshipe shall then have or be intitled to have the Marryage of suche Mayde or Woman Childe; that then everye suche pson or psons so offending, being therof lawfully convicted as is aforesaid, shall suffer Imprisonem' of his or their Bodyes by the Space of Five Yeres, without Bayle or Mayneprise, or ells shall pay suche Fine for his or their said Offence as shalbe assessed by the said Councell >n the said Starre Chamber; The one Moietie of all whiche Forfeitures and Fines shall be to the King and Quenes Majesties, her heires and successoures, thother Moietie to the Parties greyed.

IV«

And Be it further enacted by the said aucthoritie, That the King and Quenes Highnes Honourable Coucell of Stir chamber and the Starre Chamber, by Byll of Complaint or Informacun, and Justices of Assise by Inquisition or Indictement, of

shall have aucthorite by vertue of this Act to here and determyne the sayd Offences; upon everye whiche offences"'1"'* Indictemente and Inquisitions, suche Processe shall bee awarded and lye, as uppon an Indictemente of Trespas at the Common Lawe.

II.

Penalty on any Person, above 14 Years old, guilty of such Abduction, Two Years’ Imprisonment ; or Fine in the Star Chamber.

in.

Penalty on taking away and violating such Female under 16, or marrying her without Content of the Father, Sec.

Fire Years' Imprisonment; or Fine in the Star-Chamber.

And Further be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That if any Woman Childe or Mayden, being above thage Jf above

of twelve yeres, and under thage of xvj yeres, doo at any time consent and agree to suche pson that so shall make 11 ‘funder 116, any Contract of Matrimonye contrarye to the fourme and effecte of this Estatute, that then the next of the Kinne of the unlawful Marriage, same Woman Childe or Mayde, to whom thinheritance shoulde discende returne or come after the decease of the same

Dig GO ^lC

330

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c.8, 9,

A.D. 1557-8.

t^htTetLprofits ^oman Childe and Maide, shall from the time of suche Assent and Agrement have holde and enjoye all suche of her Lands during Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, as the same Woman Childe and Mayden had in Possession Reversion or her Life. Remainder at the time of suche Consent and Agreament, during the Lyes of suche persone that so shall contracte

Matrymonye; And after the Decease of suche persone so contracting Matrimonye, that then the said Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes shall discende reverte remayne and come to suche psonne or psons as they shoulde have doone in cace this Acte had never been hadd ne made, other then to him onelye that so shall contracte Matrymonye.

VI.

Proviso for Orphans under the Custom of London, Jcc.

(’) Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall extende to take awaye or dyminishe any Lybertie Costome or Aucthorite, touching or concerning any Orphant or Orphantes whiche nowe bee or hereafter shall bee within the Citie of London, or any other Citie Boroughe or Towne where Orphantes are comonly used to be provided for, either by Grante or by Custome; but that the Lorde Maior of the said Citie of London and the Aldermen of the same for the tyme being, and all and every other Hedd Officer or Officers of any other Citie Boroughe or Towne where suche Orphantes be provided for, shall and maye have and take lyke Rule Order Keping and Charge of suche Orphantes and Orphante, and of all their Landes Tenementes Gooddes and Cattels, as heretofore they or any of them lawfullye had or used or lawfully might have had and used yf this Acte had not been made.

Recital of Stats. SS H. VIII. c. 7* exporting Horses;

*3 H.VIII. c.17. winding Wools; if H.VIII. c. 9. killing Weanlings)

*3 H.VIII. c.3. Attaints on untrue Verdicts;

all continued by St. 28 H.VIII.

cc.6, 8,9.

and further by 31H.VIII.C.7.

3j H.VIII. c.17. preserving Woods}

37 H.VIII. c. 23. continuing Act;

a, 3 E.VI. c.9. currying Leather;

Sift"-*

c. si. Butter, Ate.

CHAPTER IX.

An Actb for the continuacftn of certaine Statutes.

WHERE in then Parliament begune and holden at London the thirde daye of November in the xxju> yere of the Reigne of our most dradd Soveraigne Lorde of most famouse memorye King Henry theight, and from thence adjourned to Westminster, and ther holden and continued by dyvers Prorogations unto the dissoluebn therof. One Acte was made and established for the restrainte of carriage and conveyeng of Horses and Mares out of this Realme: And also one other Acte was ther made for the true winding of Woolles : And one other Acte was ther made to restrayn killing of Waynlingf Bullockes Steeres and Heifers being under thage of twoo yeres; whiche said severall Actes were then made tendure and continue unto the next Plam'; as by the sayd severall Actes more playnlye appearethe: And where also in the same Pliam' one other Acte was made and established for Attaintes to bee sued for the punishement of Petjurie upon untrue Verdictes; whiche Acte last before rehearsed, was then made and ordeined to continue and endure to the last day of the next Plam'; as by the same Acte more playnelye [and13 at large ys shewed and maye appeare : And where also in the Plam' begune and holden at Westminster theight daye of June in the xxviij"* yere of the Reigne of our said most dreade Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, and ther continued and kept untill the dissoluebn therof. It was ordeined and enacted, that all and singler the sayd Actes above remembred and every of them, shoulde continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also bee observed and kepte until the last daye of the nexte Parlyament; as by the same Acte amongest other thinges therin conteyned more playnlye appearethe: And Where also in the Plyam' begune and holden at Westminster the xxviij'*' daye of Aprill in the xxxju" yere of the Reigne of o' said late most dreade Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, and ther continued untill the xxviijlh daye of June then nexte folowing. It was ordeyned & enacted by thaucthorite of the same Plam1, that all and singler the said severall Actes above remembred and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, should continue and endure in their force and strengthe and also be observed and kept untill the last daye of the next Plam'; As by the same Acte amonges other things therin conteined more playnely appearethe: And where in the Pliam* holden at Westminster in the xxxv' yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, One Acte was made for the preservacbn of Wooddes, tendure for seven yeres then next following, and from thence to thende of the nexte Plam'; as by the same Acte more playnelye it doethe and maye appeare: And where also at the Plam' holden at Westminster in the xxxvij* yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henrie Theight, and ther continued & kepte untill the dissolucon therof. It was ordeyned and enacted, that all and singler the said Actes above mentioned and every of them, (Except the said Acte made for the preservac&n of Wooddes as is aforesaid,) should continue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also bee observed and kepte untill the last daye of the next Plam' then nexte following; as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteined more playnelye appearethe: And where also at the Session of the Parliament ended at Westminster the fowretenthc daye of Marche in the thirde yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe, one Acte was made for the true courrieng of Leather, whiche Acte was made tendure to thende of the nexte Pliam'; as by the same Acte more playnely apperethe: And where also at the Sessyon of a Pliament ended at Westminster the first daye of Februarie in the fowrthe yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, one Acte was then & ther made, concerning the buyeng of Rother Beastes; And also one other Acte was then and ther made, touching the buyeng and selling of Butter and Chese; whiche said severall Actes were then and ther made to endure and continue unto thende of the nexte Pliam',

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 O. omits.

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 9.

331

>■

i

d

i

t

>1

ll

H

i

li

ii

it

s

It

i

n

li

B

f1'

I

ii ii

ii

i

If

li

1

l

I

l

i

i

t

t

k

t

i

i

i

I

1

J

I

as by the same severall Actes more at large it dothe and maye appeare: And where also at the Session of a Pliament by Prorogac&n holden at Westminster the xxiij,h daye of Januarie in the fifthe yere of the Raigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, one other Acte was then and ther made against Regratours & Forestalled, tendure unto thende of the next Pliam': whiche all and singler the said Actes above mentioned, together withe the said Acte for [the 1 ] preservation of Wooddes, at a Plam' holden at Westminster the first daye of Marche in the seventhe yere of the Reigne of our said Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxthe, and there continued and dissolved the last daye of the same monethe of Marche, and all Clauses Articles and Proviions in them and every of them conteyned, were there revived and continued to stande in their force and strengthe untill the last daye of the nexte Pliament: And where also at the Session of a Pliam' holden by Prorogacon at Westminster the xiiuj* day of October in the first yere of the Raigne of our most gracious Sovereigne Ladie the Quenes Ma'", and there continued and kept untill the dissolution therof, one Acte was there made and established against unlawful! and rebellyous Assembles, tendure to thende of the nexte Pliament; as by the same Acte more playnelye dothe and maye appeare: And where also at the same Session of Plam' last before mentioned, all and singler the Actes above mentioned and before that time continued at sundrye Pliam" as is aforesaid, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteined, were there revived and continued to stande in their force and strengthe unto the last daye of the next Pliament: And where also at a Pliam1 begune and holden at Westminster the xij<1> daye of November in the first and seconde yeres of the Raignes of our most gracious Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King & Quenes Ma"", and ther continued and kepte unto the dissoluc&n of the same, being the xvju> daye of Januarye then next ensuing, one Acte was then and ther made against sedicious Woordes and Rumo", tendure to thende of the next Pliam'; as by the same Acte more plainly it dothe and may appeare: And where also in the said Plam' last before recited, all and singler thactes above mentioned that were before that time continued at sundrye Pliamentes as is aforesaid, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were by aucthorite of the said Plam' ther revived and continued, to stande in their force and strengthe unto the last daye of the nexte Pliament: And where at a Pliam' begone and holden at Westminster the xxj"1 day of October in the seconde and thirdd yeres of the Reignes of our aforesaid Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye the King and Quenes Ma"", and ther continued untill the dissolu£&n of the same being the ninthe day of December then nexte ensuing, one Acte was then and ther made for the keping of milche Kine and for the breeding & rearing of Calfes; And one other Acte for the reedifieng of decayed Houses of Housbandrie and for thincrease of Tillage; the said three several Actes tendure till the last daye of the nexte Parliament: Forasmuche as all and singler the said severall Actes above mentioned bee good and beneficiall for the Common wealthe of this Realme; Be it therfore enacted ordeined and established by the King and Quenes Ma'1'* our Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye, with thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this pnt Plament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same, That all and singler the said severall Actes and Estatutf above mentioned and rehearsed, and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, shalbee revived continued stande and endure in their full force and strengthe to all intentes constructions and purposes, and shalbee observed and kepte in all thinges, untill the last daye of the nexte Pliament.

( *) Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authorite aforesaid, That this pnt Acte of continuance of Statutes, or any thing therm conteined, shall not in any wise extende to repeale or make voide, one Acte of Pliament intituled An Acte for the Sale of dyvers Wines and Spices brought in by Marchauntes, made and ordeined in this pnt Pliament, nor any Clause Article or Matter therin conteined ; (1) But that the same Acte and every thing therin conteined shall be of as good Strengthe Force and Effecte to all Intentes and Purposes as if this Acte of continuance of Statutes had not bene hadd nor made ; Any thing herein conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

And where in the Pliam* begone and holden at Westminster the xxj"1 day of October in the seconde and thirde yeres of the reignes of our said Sovereigne Lorde and Ladye King Philippe and Quene Marye and ther continued and kept untill the ninthe Daye of December then next ensuing, one Acte was then and there made intituled An Acte for the Relief of the Poore, the said Acte tendure to the latter ende of the first Session of the nexte Pliament: Forasmuche as the said Acte is good and beneficiall for the Comon welthe of this Realme, Be it therfor enacted ordeined and established by the aucthorite of this pnt Pliam', That the said Acte last above mentioned and rehearsed, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteyned, shall bee revived continued stande and endure in foil Force and Strengthe to all Intentes and Purposes, and shalbee observed and kepte in all thinges untill the laste daye of the nexte Pliament.

1 0. omits.

* The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. J No such Act appears to have passed in this Session.

j,6 E. VI. c. 14. Regrators, See.

7 E.VI. c. 11. continuing Act.

1 Mary, St.a. c.ia. unlawful Assemblies;

I Mary, St.*. c.13. continuing Act.

I. 1 P. & M. c. 3. Seditious Words, See.

c. 16. continuing Act.

a, 3 P. St M. c. 3. Milch Kine

c. S. Increase of Tillage;

All recited Acts continued to End of next Parliament.

n.

Proviso for Act relating to Wines and Spices.

III.

St.a,tP.&M. c.j. Relief of Poor continued.

Go

332

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 10.

A.D. 1557-8.

Grant by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury of a Subsidy of 8a. per Pound, payable in Four Years:

Tenor of the said Grant:

8s. per Pound on all Spiritual Benefices and Promotions

To be rated according to the Taxation of the King’s Tenth.

Newly erected Religiuus Houses shall be rated by the Bishop of the Diocese, &c. as under Statute

26 H. VIII. c.3.

Subsidy payable on Nine-Tenths only

in Four Years at is. per Annum 1

to be paid into the Exchequer;

CHAPTER X. (')

An Acte for the Confirmaf&n of a Subsidie gr*unted by the Clergie.

'w THERE the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye have moste loving lie and liberallye for V V certaine Considerations, given and gr"unted to the Kinge and Quenes Ma1", a Subsidye of Eighte Shillingf of the Pownde, to be taken and levyed of all and singuler the Squall Promoc&ns w,hin the same Provynce duringe the tearme of foure yeres now next ensuinge, in suche certaine manner and so'me, and w,b divers Exceptions and Provisions specefyed and contayned in a certaine Instrument by them therof made and delivered to the Quenes Highnes, under the Seale of the moste Reverende Father in God Reginalde Poole Cardynall, Archebisshopp of Cantorburye and Prymate of all Englande, as in the same Instrument exhibited in this pnt Plament more playnelye dothe appere; The teno' wherof ensuethe in thes wordes:

The Prelates and Clergye of the Provynce of Cantorburye being lawfullie congregated & assembled in a Convocac&n or Synode, uppon greate and weightie Cawses to them purposed, and amongest them well wayed and debated, consideringe their moste bounden Dewties to the Kinge and Quenes Ma‘" the greate and ample Benefittf theye have received of their Munificencye and bowntefull Goodnes, For an evydent Declaracon of their good Hartes and Myndes, spiallye now when the imynent necessitie for the Defence of this Realme requyreth pnt Ayde & Remedye, W,h one uniforme Agrement Accorde & Consent, togither w* moste hartie good will, have given and gr’unted, and by thes pntf doo geve and gr*unte to the Kinge and Quenes Ma"‘, One entiere Subsidye in manner and so'me followinge, that is to saye : That every Archebisshopp Bisshopp Abbot Pryo' Abbatesse or Pryoresse, Deane Archdeacon Prebendarye Provost M' of College M' of Hospital! f Psone and Vycar, and every other pson and psons of whatsoever name or degree he or theye be, enjoyinge anny Spuall Promotion or other Temporall Possessions to the same Spuall Promoc&ns annexed, now not devyded nor sepated by Acte of Plament or otherwise from the Possession of the Clergie, shall paye unto the Kinge and Quenes Ma1" for everye Pownde that he or theye maye yerelie dispende by reasone of the saide Spuall Promoc5n the some of Eight Shillingf : And for the trewe and certaine knowledge of the yerelie Vallewe of the saide Promoc&ns and everye of them wherof payment shalbe made, the Rate Taxac&n Valuac&n and Estimation remayninge of Recorde in the Kinge and Quenes Ma"‘ late Courte of the First Fruictf and Tenthes, and nowe in their Courte of the Exchequer, for the Payment of the Disme of the Clergie, concerninge all suche Promoc&ns as be in possession of the Clergie or anny other not devyded by Acte of Plament or otherwise as is aforesaide, shalbe followed and observed w,bowt makinge anny other Valuac&n Rate Taxac&n or Estimac&n then in the saide Recorde is comprised and mentioned : And Where by the greate Bountie and godly Disposic&n of the Kinge and Quenes Ma'", certaine Religious Howses have byn of late erected and endowed with Spuall and Temporall Possessions, the Taxe wherof is not specified in the Recordes of Thexchequer or ells where w,hin anny of their Ma"* Courtes, suche Taxe and Valuac&n of the Possessions of the saide Religious Howses shalbe followed for the Payment of this Subsidye, as the Bisshopp of that Diocesse within the wc‘ the saide Religious Howses be scytuated, shall uppon dewe searche and examinac&n certefie under his Seale into the Exchequer, before the first daye of Maye next ensuinge, in whiche taxe the saide Bisshopp shall and maye make all suche Allowaunces as by the Acte of Plament made in the xxvj,b yere of the late Kinge of famous memorye Henry theight, of and for the gr'untinge of the ppetuall Tenthe were appointed gr*unted and assigned in the Valuac&n and Taxe of all Ecdesiasticall and Spuall Promoc&ns, for the dewe and trewe Payment of the late ppetuall Tenthe; and also shall and maye further allowe all suche somes of Moneye as ar given assigned or appointed to the fyndinge and maynten'nce of poore Men Scoolemaisters Usshers Gramaryens Choristers and other Officers and Ministers se'ving and founde within the saide Monasteries and Religious Howses: Provided alwaies, that forasmuche as the tenthe pte of the said Valuac&n and Taxe afore mentioned shalbe for a tyme uppon certaine reasonable Consideracons and Respects yerely paide by the Clergie, so that there remaynethe onelye nyne ptes to the Incumbent dere, this Subsidie of eight Shillingf' of the Pownde shalbe understande and ment onelie of the saide nine ptes and of no more, where and so longe as the Tenthe is or shall be paide : Allso the saide

Prelates and Clergie further doo gr’unte that this Subsidie of viijs. of the Pownde of the yeerelie Vallewe of

everie Promofon taxed as is aforesaide, shalbe paide to the Kinge and Queenes Ma1*, within foure yeres next ensuing the date hereof j that is to saye; Twoo Shillingf of everye Pownde in every of the saide iiij yeres,

the first Payment therof to be dewe at the xxv,h daye of Marche which shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God

a thousande five hundred fiftie and eight, and the seconde Payment therof to be dewe at the xxv"1 daye of Marche then next followinge, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1559, the thirde Payment therof to be dewe the XXV"1 daye of Marche then next followinge, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1560, and the iiij* and last Payment therof to be dewe at the saide xxv,b daye of Marche then next ensuinge, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1561; to be delivered and paide yerelie by suche psone and psons as in this pnt Gfunte shalbe appointed to have the collection therof; to be paide into the Receipte of the Kinge and Quenes Ma‘" Exchequer, or to suche psone or psons place and places to whome and where it shall please their Highnes to appointe for the receipte therof, before or at the xu‘ daye of June in everie of the saide iiij yeres; withowt payinge anny thinge to the Receivo' or Receivo", or to anny other Officer or Psone by their Ma"* to be assigned, for any Dischardge Acquittance

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year; Page 313.

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 10.

it

H

i

it

n

k

i

ii I

i

ii

ii

I

I

t

Ii

ii

i

i

c

i

b

b

if

i

i

b

i

i

ii

r

or Quietus est, uppon payment and receipte of the same Subsidie, to be given and delivered, but onelic twelve pence for the Acquittance. Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie doo allso gr'unte, that everie Preist and all other Spuall psons having a Penclin by reasone of the dissolution of anny the late Monasteries Colleges free Chapellf* Countries Fraternities Guyldes and Hospitallf or of anny other Spuall Dignitie and Corporac6n now dissolved and extinguished w"*in the saide Provynce of Cantorburye, shall lykewise paye to their Highnesses, Eight shillingf of everyc pownde of the saide Pene&ns within the saide iiij yeres, at suche dayes and tymes as is before specified; And that for the sure and assertayned payment therof, a Deduction & Retention of the saide eight shillingf shalbe made yerelie in thandes of the Payers of the saide Penc&n, after the rate of Twoo shillingf of the pownde, everye of the saide foure yeres, to be delivered and paide unto their Ma'" use, at suche tyme and to suche psons as the Subs'ulye of viijs. of the pownde aforesaide shalbe paide unto. Item, That everye Stipendarye Preist receivinge aiiuall Stipends of Eight pownde by the yere and under (being no ppetuitye) w"‘in the saide Provynce, shall paye unto their Ma'" use, Sixe Shillingf eight pence yerelie during the saide foure yeres, at suche tyme and to suche parsons as the saide Subsidye shalbe paide, and under the same penalties, as the rest of the Clergie doo paye for their Promotions; And that every Preist receivinge above Eight pownde yerelie and not above Tenne pownde, to pay lykewis* Tonne shillingf; And that everye Preist receivinge above Tenne pownde and not above xx" inarckes to paye Thirtene Shillingf foure pens yerelie duringe the saide iiij yeres, at suche tyme and to suche psone as the said Subsidye shalbe paide; And that everye Preist taking Stipende above xx" Marckes to paye lykewise Twoo shillingf of the pownde everye yere duringe the said iiij yeres, in suche manner and so'me as the rest of the Clergie doo paye for their Promoton Spuall; and for defaulte or lacke of payment by the saidd Stipendaryes, that everyc Parsone Vycar and other Spuall or Temporal! Parsone Proprietarye or Fermo' hiringe anny Preist to s've in anny place, shalbe answerable for the payment of the saide Preist in that bihalfe after the said Rates, and shall and maye make Retenc&n of his and their Wages qterlye of so muche as the saide Stipendaries be charged w"* by this pnt Comyssion and Gr'unte, everye of the saide foure yeres. Item, The saide Prelates and Clergie further doo gr’unte, that everye Archcbisshopp and Bisshopp, and the See being vacant, everye Deane and Chapter of that See voyde, shalbe Collecto" of this Subsidye within their propre Diocesse, duringe the saide foure yeres: And to thintent the Kinge and Qucnes Ma* ’ maye be surelie and dewlie answered and paide of the saide Subsidye in manner and so'me aforesaid, and the Collecto' of the same throughlie charged and discharged according to the teno' of this Gr'unte, The saide Prelates and Clergie doo ordeyne and decree w"1 one Assent and Consent, that everie Collecto' of the aforesaide Subsidye, and of everye pte and pcell therof, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, shall have full power and aucthoritie against everyc psone and psons lyable charged and bownde to paye the saide Subsidye or anny pte therof, denying refusinge or delayinge to pay the same, or makinge anny defaulte in the payment therof at the daye or dais that it ought to be paide (after lawful warninge to theni given psonallie or at their Churches or Mansyons) to procede w,h the Censures of the Churche, that is to saye, by Suspencftn Excominicacon or Interdice&n and allso by Sequestrac&n of the Fruictf and Proffitt f of their Benefices or Promotions Spuall, in whose handes soever theye be, and to make sale of the same Fruictf, and by all other lawfull Remedies by their discretions thought convenyent, to coarcte constraine and compell them anil everye of them to the full and undelayde satisfaction of the saide Subsidye and every pte and pcell therof, And shall allso have lyke power and aucthoritie bothe to absolve or cawse to be absolved all parsons so payinge, from all the saide Censures and other paynes, and allso to releasse and revoke all suche Processe as shalbe made against them or anny of them, after theye shall have fullie satisfyed the saide Subsidie accordinglic; And uppon full payment or satisfaction of the saide Subsidie or anny pte therof, all suche Acquittance or Acquitt'uncf w'" shalbe made by the Collecto' or his lawfull Deputie shalbe sufticyent for the dischardge of the same. Provided allwayes and it is ordeyned and decreed, that all and everye psone and psons refusinge or neglectinge to paye the saide Subsidye at tyme convenyent as is aforesaide, shall for his or their first defaulte or negligence in not payinge the Subsidye accordinge to the purporte and teno' of this Gr'unte, beare all the Charges and reasonable Expences of the saide Collecto' or his Deputie, in coming goinge and demaundinge of the same, and for the seconde tyme lykewise offendinge in non payment, to paye to the saide Collecto’ or his Deputie the iiij"' pte of the saide Subsidie, over and above the saide some uppon him or his Churche or psone allotted and taxed, which he is bownden to paye and charged by this Acte of Free Gr'unte. Allso the saide Prelates and Clergie doo further ordeyne and decree, that yf anny parsone or parsons above named chargeable to this Subsidie or anny pte therof, after the saide Censures and Processe executed against him or them, yet still obstinatelie refuse neglecte or make delaye to paye the same or anny pte therof as is beforesaide, that then after lawfull Monicon given unto him or them refusinge neglectinge or delayinge, by the saide Collecto" or their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, psonallie or at their Churches, doo still by the space of xxx" dais refuse or neglect to make payment of the saide Subsidye, that then and in everyc suche cace it shalbe lawfull to the saide Collecto' or his lawfull Deputie, everye suche psone so refusinge neglectinge or delayinge and contempninge thes former Processes, to deprive amoove and destitute from his or their Benefice Spuall Promoc&n or Pencon Ecctiasticall, anny Appellacdn Inhibition or other Remedve ordinarye or extraordinarye notw^standinge; The saide parsons so refusinge to be and remayne for ever withowt hope of regresse to suche their Promocfin as he or theye shalbe deprived of for the cawses aforesaide, by anny newe pntac&n of him or them to be made to the same; and that it shalbe lawfull to the Patron of the saide Benefice or Benefices or other Ecctiasticall Promocbns from which the saide parsone or parsons so neglectinge to paye shalbe depryved, to presente unto or conferre everye suche Benefice or Proinocon Spuall as yf the saide Incumbent or Incumbent f were deceassed. Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie further doo ordeyne and decree, that of so muche sis the said Collecto" shalbe charged with in their Accomptf clerelye to be paide into the Receipte of the saide Exchequer, or to suche psone

4 U

333

tn he charged on Pensions from 'i.Milvcd Monasteries, to be deducted by Persons paying such Pensions.

Stipendiary Priests shall pay under j£8. 6s. 8a. perAnnum; £8 tojfio. toi.l jtto to io Marks, 13a. 4d.|

above 20 Marks 2s. per Pound.

Persons paying Stipends shall retain the Subsidy.

Ririiops, Stc. shill be Collectors, with Power to enforce Payment by Censure or Sequestration, &c.

Penally on Defaulters for Delay of Payment

Defaulters refusing to par shall be ultimately • deprived of their Benefices;

Allowance for Collection

334

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 10.

A.D. 1557-8.

No Spiritual Promotion liable to the Lay Subaidy;

Dean*, &c. shall be charged for their respective Portiona;

Parsons, &c. paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy-

Proviso for Exemption of Lands of Cathedrals, See. applicable to Chantriea, See. vested in the Crown by St. i E.VI. c.14.

Benefices from £$. to £6. 13. 4. per Annum, shall pay only 6s. 8d.: not exceeding j£j. exempted.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Sec.

Pensions of 40s. and under exempted.

For collecting Arrears, Sec.

or psons as it shall please the Kinge and Quenes Ma"* to appointe for the receipte of the same, shalbe allowed to the saide Collecto' uppon his saide Accompte for the same, for everye pownde Sixe pence, by waye of Rewarde, or in hewe of his charges collection portage conveyinge and payinge of the saide Subsidye: Provided alwayes, that no Spuall PromocSn or anny Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Gr*unte or Acte of the Provynce of Cantorburye, or anny Goods or Cattallf growinge beingc or renewinge of the same, or appertayninge to the Owners of the same Spuall Promoc&ns, shalbe charged or made contributorye to anny XV,h, or anny other Subsidye allreadie gr*unted, or w^in five yeres next ensuinge the date of this pnt to be gr*unted, by the Laitye to the King and Quenes Highnesses: Item, the saide Prelates and Clergie further gr*unte, that all Deanes Archedeacons Dignities Prebendaryes Preachers and Pety Canons of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches w^n the saide Provynce, shalbe charged w"" this Subsidye for their owne Porc&ns onelye, therof to paye Eight Shillingf of the Pownde within the saide foure yeres as is above rehearsed; And that those Porc&ns of Rents and Revenues wch their Highnes or anny of their moste noble Progenito" or anny other parsons have given unto the saide Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches for the Maynten*nce of poore Men Scoolemaisters Usshers Gramaryens Choristers and other Officers and Ministers not to be charged w*1* anny pte of this Subsidye: Provided allso, that everye Parson Vicar or Spuall Man paying anny Penc&n, wherof no Allowaunce is made in the Valuacon of his saide Benefice in the Recordes of the saide late Courte of First Fruictf or Exchequer or otherwise, shall and may retayne Twoo Shillingf of everye Pownde of everye suche Penc&n everye yere duringe the said foure yeres, to his owne reliefe, in considerac&n that he is charged to paye his Subsidye of Eight Shillingf of the Pownde owt of everye Pownde of the said Penc&n ; Anny thinge to the contrarye notwithstandinge: Provided allso, that where certaine Landes Teiitf Rents Tithes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruictf and other Hereditamentf latelye belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches and other Places Ecctiasticall within the saide Provynce of Cantorburye, or anny other yerelie Paymentf going owt or being paide owt of the saide Landes Teiitf and other the Premisses or anny of them, w* were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent to and uppon the fyndinge and maynten'nce of certaine Countries Anniversaryes Obyttf Lights Lampes and other lyke things intentf & purposes, be cf late come into thandes and possession of the Kinge and Quenes Ma*" o' Soveraigne Lorde and Ladye, by force of a Statute 'therof made in the first yere of the reigne of o' late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, as by the same Statute more playnelie apperethe, that the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Deanes or Presydentf and Chapters of the same, and all other places and psons to whome the saide Landes Rents and all other the Premisses or anny of them did latelye appertaine, shall not be charged to and w,h anny Contribuc&n or Payment of this Subsidye, of and for that pte or porc&n wherunto the King and Quenes Ma'" be and hath byn entytled or possessed of, nor of and for anny the saide yerelie paymentf goinge owt or paide owt of the Premisses or anny pte therof; but that this saide Subsidye shalbe understande to be chargeable and dewe onelie of all and singuler Landes Teiitf Rents Tythes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruitf and other Heredytamentf, w* doo yet still remayne not dissevered from the Handes and Possession of the saide Cathedrail Churches and other the places and parsons aforesaide; And that Deduction and Allowaunce be made to them and everye of them in the Payment of the saide Subsidies owt of the Valuacon Taxac&n and Estimac&n made for the payment of the saide Disme remayninge of Recorde in the Kinge and Quenes Ma'" Courte of the Exchequer, for that Rate and Porc&n or yerelie Payment wch is come into thandes and possession of our said Soveraigne Lorde and Ladye, or otherwise severed for the possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other places and parsons aforesaide, by force of the Statute premysed: Provided allso, that everie Parsone and Vicar whose Benefice is above the Valuac&n of Five Powndf and not above Sixe Pownde Thirtene Shillingf and Foure pence, after the rate of the late ppetuall Tenthe, shall paye everye yere of the saide foure yeres onelie Sixe Shillingf Eight pence, as Stipendarye Preistf of Eight Pownde yerelie wages byn charged to doo by force of this Acte and Gr*unte and none otherwise; and that all Psons and Vycars whose Benefices be of the Valuac&n of Five Pounde or under, after the Rate of the saide late ppetuall Tenthe, shall not be charged nor chargeable w"* this Subsidye or anny pte therof: Provided always, that this Subsidye gr'unted by the Clergie shall not be demaunded or levyed owt of anny Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge scituate or sett within the Universities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or of anny Benefices or other Revenues, unto anny Howse of Students or Colledge in Oxforde or Cambrydge united appropried or appertayninge, or of the Colledge of Eaton nighe Wyndeso', or of the College of Winchestre founded by William Wyckeham sometyme Bisshopp of Winchestre, or anny poore Men Women or Children livinge of Almesse in anny Hospitallf Almessehowses Allmessehallf, or of Gramer Scoolles, or of anny other Churche or Benefice, or of anny other Revenues of the saide Howses Colleges or Hospitallf Almessehowses or Almessehallf or Gramer Scooles to anny of them annexed appropried or otherwise appertayninge: Provided allso, that every Preist and all other late professed Religious parsons havinge a Penc&n by reasone of the Dissoluc&n of the late Monasteryes Colleges free Chappellf Countries Fratemityes Guyldes and Hospitallf or anny other Incorporac&n within the Provynce of Cantorburye, and being of the some of Fourtie Shillingf or under, and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable to the saide Subsidie or anny pte therof, for anny suche Penc&n of Fourtie Shillingf or under ; Anny thing conteyned in this Gr*unte to the contrarie notwithstandinge : Finallie the saide Prelates and Clergie beinge desirous that the saide Subsidye maye be enderlye contented and paide to thuse of the Kinge and Quenes Ma"* w"‘in the saide foure Yeres, doo gr'unte ordeyne and decree, that yf it shall happen in thende of the saide foure Yeres anny Arrerages of the saide Subsidye to be behinde unpaide by reasone of the exilitye and decaye of anny Benefices or other Spuall Promoc&ns lyable to this Subsidye, that then it shalbe lawfull to every Archebisshopp and Bisshopp within their severall Diocesse, by the Consent of the Clergie, and the See being voyde to the Deane and Chapter of that See voyde, to assesse and taxe all and singuler the Ecctiasticall Promoc&ns within their saide severall Diocesses, to become Contributo'1 to the full

$ AM.1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 10.

335

S

*1

>1

fc

rt

tl

II

ii

i»

k

ii

ii

a

Ii

lb

M

i

Is

A

Ii

Ii

i

t

ii

I

t

t

i

I

t

i

n

ii I I I t i i I

i

i

i

Satisfaction of the saide Subsidye, the same to be collected levyed and paide the nexte yere iniediatelye ensuinge the saide iiiju‘ yere, at the daies and under the paynes so'me and qualities above lymited ; Anny thing in this Gr’unte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Aku for the trewe and sure payment of this Subsidye gr"unted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce Th'ir^‘fj^r*nt of Cantorburye, according to the tenor purporte effecte & trewe meaninge of this fSnt Instrument, the said Prelates and lvliament, with Clergie moste humblie desire and require the Kinge and Quenes moste Excellent Ma'" that it maye be enacted by t|^ein

thaucthoritie of this pnt Plament, That the Provisyons conteyned in the foresaidc Gr’unte shall stande good and effectuall to all intentf and purposes mentioned in the saide Gr*unte ; and that all Processes and Penalties and all other Clawses touchinge the payment of the the saide Subsidie, and the levyinge and collection of the same and of everye pcell therof, maye be by the saide Prelates and Clergie and their lawful Deputies putt in dewe execution accordinge to the trewe meaninge therof, withowt incurringe anny Penalties or Daungiers of anny Lawes and Statutes of this Realme

And for the trewe and sure payment of the said Subsidye gr'unted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the saide Provynce of Cantorburye accordinge to the tenor effecte and trewe meaninge of the saide Instrument, Be it enacted by the Kinge and Quenes Ma,w w"1 thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnt Plament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same, That the saide Gifte and Gr’unte and every matter some of Money Provision Clawse and Sentence in the saide Instrument conteyned, be ratefyed established and confirmed by thauctoritie aforesaide.

And Furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That every parsone that shalbe appointed to the collection and gatheringe of the saide Subsidie, shall have full power and aucthoritie to levye take and pceive the same Subsidie by thauctoritie of the Censures of the Churche, in manner and so'me as in the said Instrument of Gr’unte is conteyned, withowt daungier of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse upon the Possession of the Fermo" or Occupyers of the Landes and Tents chargeable by the saide Instrument for or to the payment of any some or somes of Moneye or otherwise, by the discretion of the Collecto' therof; and that no Replevye Prohibition or Supersedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for anny parsone or psons makinge defaulte of payment of the saide Subsidie, contrarye to the teno' of the G’untf therof, untill such tyme as theye have trewlie satisfyed and contented all suche pte & porcons as to them in that behalfe appertaynethe; and that everye suche Fermo' and Fermo", their Executo" and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and wlh the payment of the saide Subsidye or any pte therof, shall by thauctoritie aforesaide be allowed and retayne in his Handes as muche of his yerelie rent and ferme as the some which he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Lesso' shall extende unto; Excepte the saide Fermo' or Fermo" their executo" and assignes, by the lease and gr’unte that theie have of anny pte of the landes and tents chargeable to the saide Subsidye, or by force of anny coven’nte or article therin conteyned, be bownden and charged to paye the same, and therof to dischardge their Leasso' and Landlorde, during the tearme mentioned in the saide Leasse.

II.

Subtidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censure!, or by Distress on the Farmers, who shall be allowed the same out of their Rent unless when they covenant to pay the same.

Provided alwais and be it enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Plament, That everie laye parsone havinge a Spuall La.- Persons Promoc&n chargeable by this Acte, and allso having Temporall Possessions Goods Cattallf and Debtes chargeable s^rituaf8*J

to this Subsidye gr’unted by the Temporaltie, shalbe charged taxed and sett for his saide Spuall Promotions with the Promotions Clergie, and for his saide Temporall Possessions and Chattallf wUl the Temporaltie, and not otherwise: Anny thing under th"Aa‘ before mentioned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And Be it further enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Plament, that the saide Archebisshoppf and Bisshoppf, and Acquittances to other parsons chargeable to and wft the collection of the saide Subsidye of Eight shillingf of the pownde, w'"in the Collectors, &c. saide Provynce of Cantorburye, shall have uppon everie payment therof made in the Quenes Courte of the Exchequer, Subsify'into the or ells where the Kinge and Quenes Ma"’ shall appointe the same to be payed, a sufficyent Acquitt’unce in writinge Exchequer, of suche parsone or psons as their Ma'" shall appointe for the receipte therof, the same Acquittance witnessinge the same receipte of asmuche of the same some of the same Subsidye as shall be by anny of them so received, and everie suche Acquitt’unce in writinge sealed and subscribed w"1 the name or names of every suche psone or psons, that so by their Highnesses appointment shall receive anny of the saide somes of Moneye, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe and allso a sufficyent dischardge to all intentf constructions and purposes as yf it were made by Acte of Plament, and that everie psone and psons which shall have and receive anny suche Acquitt’unce, shall paye hut onelie two pence for everie of the same Acquitt’uncf.

Be it allso further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Gr’unte and Gr’untes of all and everye some Subsidy of the and sdmes of Moneye which hereafter shalbe gr’unted to the Kinge and Quenes Ma1" by the Clergie of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe of the same strengthe force and effecte in all things as the said Gr’unte made by the saide Provynce under this Act. of Cantorburye, and shalbe taxed certefyed collected levyed and gathered accordinge to the teno' fourme and effecte of this pnt Acte of Plament, to all intentf constructions and purposes in suche manner as thoughe it were speciallie playnelie and pticulerlie expressed and rehersed in this Acte, by expresse Wordes Tearmes and Sentences in their severall natures and kyndes.

VI.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all Provisos before rehearsed conteyned in All Provisoes in the saide Gr’unte of the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye, and the like or the same Provisions cSe^confom^T hereafter to be conteyned in the Gr’unte of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Yorck, shalbe good and effectuall and to be obfved and kepte in everye Poynte and Article according to the trewe purporre and meaninge of the same.

336

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11

A.D. 1557-8.

Motives of this Subsidy;

Wars with France and Scotland

Grant of One whole Fifteenth and Tenth upon Personalty, dedu£tingj£6,oooo. for poor Towns.

II.

Collectors shall be named by the Members of Parliament for the several Shires, &c.

and allotted to several Divisions;

and chargeable for the same severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery j

CHAPTER XI. (')

An Acte of a Subsidie and one XV"' granted by the Lords and Comtinz.

WE the King and Quenes Ma'f most humble faithefull and obedient Subjects the Lordes Spirituall and Tempall, and the Comons in this f?sent Pliament assembled, calling to o' remembraunce the greate and manifolde Chargf w* their Gracf have alredie susteyned by the reason of this psent Warre, that their Highnes have had and yet have againste the Frenche King and the Scottf, the auncient Enymyes of this Realme, and pceiving also that the malice of the same Frenche King and Scottf are suche that they have and daily doo practise by all dishonSable weys and meanes, w'h the Aide and Power of all their Confederaties and Alies, to anoye their Ma'f and this their Realme, and other the Dnions of the same, and by all likelyhode, if oportunytie of Tyme and Place so pmytt, doo mynde to make some Invasion into sundry parts of this Realme, aswell upon the Sea Cost as elswhere, whiche if it shoulde happen wolde be no small Anoyaunce aswell to their Ma'f as to the hole State of this Realme: For the wise pvencon and resistence wherof (lest any suche shoulde happen to be attempted) their Highnes shalbe enforced not onely to maynteyn a convenient nombre and Navy of Ships apon the narrowe Seas, but also a greate Power and Nomber of Soldio's to contynue in dyvers and sundry parts of the Borders and Frountiers of this Realme, redie ppared to all purposes to resist all suche malicious Attemptf or Invasions, and to defende the libtie and honno' therof, whiche cannot be put in order and redynes w*oute greate sdmes of money to be defraied and emploied for the same: And farthermore considering that the same shall not be onely for the suretie of their Ma'f psons (whom we pray to God may long reigne over Us) and likewise for the suretie of this Realme and their Ma'f loving Subjects of the same, but also may be a greate terro' feare and discourage to the said Frenche King and Scottf and all their Confederatf and Alies to attempt any suche Invasion or other Enterprise; Have graunted unto o' said Soveraigne Ladie her Heires and Successo", one Subsidie and one XVth and Xth, to be taxed rated & levied of our Goodes Cattallf Landes and Teiitf in manner and so'me as hereafter in this present Acte ys lymyted and conteyned: And albeit that We doubt not but that o' said most gracious Sov'aigne Lorde and Ladie assure themselff that We theire gracious most loving Subjects knowe the same to be farr under the Chargf whiche their Ma'f are like to susteyne in this behalf, Yet neverthelesse We most humbly beseche their Highnes to accept this our Gifte as a declaration of our true and most faithefull Harts, who be and by Godes Assistence alweys shalbee, by al weys and meanes and in all respects redie to fve w* all Conformytie and Obedience for their pfvac&n of their most Roiall psons, and Defence and Suretie of this their Ma'f Realme and Dnions as to the duetie of good and obedient Subjects appteyneth: Wherefore We the said Lordes and C5mons for the greate and urgent Consideracons aforsaid, by one hole Assent by aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, Doo geve and graunte to o' said SoPaigne Ladie the Quenes Highnes her Heires and Successo's, towards the said greate Costs and inestimable Chargf, one hole XV. and Xu‘ to be paide taken and levied of the moveable Goodes Cattallf and other things usuall to suche XV. and Xth to be contributary & chargeable, w,hin the Sheres Cities Borowes Townes and other Placf of this their Ma'f Realme in manfl and so'me aforetyme used; (Except the some of Six thowsande pounde thereof fully to be deducted of the some that one hole XVth and Xth atteyneth unto, in Relief Comforte and Discharge of the pore Cities Townes and Burroughes of this her saide Realme wasted desolate or distroyed or over greately enpolished;) after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme ben had and made unto ePy Shere, and to be devided in suche manner and so'me as heretofore for one hole XV. and Xth hathe ben had and devided: And the said one hole XV'h and Xth (thexcepcSns and deductions aforsaid therupon had deducted and allowed) to be paide in manfi and fourme following, that is to say; The hole XVth and Xlh to be paide to her Assignes in the Receipt of her Highnes Eschequier before the tenthe day of November next comyng.

And Be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforsaid, That the Knightf elected and retomed of and for the Sheres w,hin this Realme for this put Pliament, Citezens of Cities and Burgesses of Burroughes and Townes where Collecto's have ben used to be named and appointed for the Colleccbn of any XV. and X. before this tyme graunted, shall name and appointe before the last day of August next comyng, sufficient and able parsons for the Collection- of the said XV. and X. in ev'y of the said Sheres Cities Burroughes and Townes, the said psons then having Lands Tents and other Hereditament in his owne Right, of an Estate of Inheritance of the yerely value of Ten pounds, or in Goods worthe One hundred pounds at the least: And also suche pson or psons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said XV"1 and X,h shalbe by them sePally appointed and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakf Citties Burroughes and Townes : And also the said psons so named and appointed for the Collection of the same XV. and X*, shalbe charged and chargeable upon his or their Accompt or Accompf in Thexchequier to be made w* all suche some or somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakf Cities Buroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appointed amounte unto, and of no more some or somes; And upon the payment of suche somes of Money as he shalbe charged w,h, shalbe discharged and have his Quietus est, the none accompting or none payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notw*standing: And the Names and Surnames of ev'y of the said Collecto's for the said XV"1 and X. together with the place alotted to their Collecc&n and Charge, the said Knightf Citezens and Burgesses for the Sheres Cities and Burroughes whereunto they be elected named and retomed, shall certefie before the King and Quene in their Chauncery before the xiij* day of October nowe next following, according to the tenno' of this Acte;

1 Printed from the Original Act. See Note in page 313.

,*0.1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

33T

And yf defalte of any suche certifiyng be had or made in so'me as is abovesaid, then the Lorde Chaunccllo' of England for the tyme being shall yinmediatly after name and appoincte Collecto's for the Collection of the same XV"' and X"1 in manS and so'me as the said Knightf of the Shere Citezens of Cities and Burgesses of Burroughes shouldc have done, and as aforetyme have ben used; The whiche said Collecto's and ePy of them shall have like allowauncf upon their Accomptf for their Fees Wage and Reward f for the Colleccon of the said XV'" and X"' in as large manner and so'me as any Collecto' or Collecto" of XV"‘ and X1" have had at any Season in tyme past; And that the Barons of the King and Quenes Eschequier for the tyme being, shall and may from tyme to tyme awarde suche Proces for the spedie payment therof againste the Collecto' and Collecto" of the same, as by their discreccons shalbe thought convenient.

Provided alwey and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie of this p*sent Pliament, That the said Lorde Chauncello' Knightf of the Shere Citezens of Cities and Burgesses of Burroughes Townes and other Placf having aucthoritie by this psent Acte to name and noiate the said Collecto's of or for the said XV"‘ and X"', shall upon their nuiacon and elec con had and made, take by aucthoritie of this psent Pliament sufficient Recognisauncf or by Obligation of epy pson so by them to be named, to be bounden to the King and Quenes Ma'f in the double some of their c Colleccon, and to be endorsed upon suche Condition, That yf the said Collecto' or Collecto's doo truely content and pay to thuse of the King and Quene in their Receipt of their Exchequier before the said x,h day of November nowe next ensuyng, so moche of the some of Moneye allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n, as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, And doo likewise after the said x‘" day of the Moneth of November content and pay to the King and Quenes Ma'f uses at the same Receipt, the Residue of his Collection and Charge w'"in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the said Rccognisaunce or Obligation to be voide, or els to stande in his full strength and vertue: Whiche Recognisauncf or Obligations so taken, the said Knightf of the Shere Citezens and Burgesses and ePy of them taking any suche Recognisauncf or Obligations shall certefie and deliver to the Lorde Treasourer and Barons of the same Eschequer before the said tenth day of Novembre nowe next ensuyng, upon payne of forfaiture of Ten pounde to the Quene for evy Rccognisaunce or Obligation so to be taken and not certified: And that ev’y suche Collecto' upon request to him made, shall make and knowlege the same Recognisaunce or Obligation accordingly, upon like paine and forfaiture of Ten pounde to the Quene for his refusell therof; And that the Treasourer or Barons of Thexchequier upon the payment of the same Colleccon or at the said day, shall cancell and deliver the said Recognisaunce or Obligacon to the said Collector or Collecto's w‘"out any Fee or Rewarde to be paide to any pson for the same.

And furdermore for the greate and waightie Considerations aforsaid, We the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Pliament assembled, doo by our like Assent and Aucthoritie of this Pliament, geve and grauntc to o' said Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Ma,k her Heires and Successo's, One entier Subsidie to be rated taxed levied and paide at one hole and entier payment of ePy pson Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree he or they be, according to the tenno' of this Acte in man hi and so'me following, that is to say; Aswell of ePy pson borne w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Dnion, as of all and ePy Fratemitie Guilde Corpaeon Mysterie Brothered and Comynaltie, corpated or not corpated, w"'in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Dnions, being wo'the five pounde, for ePy pounde aswell in Coyne and the value of e9y pounde that ev*y suche Pson Fratemitie Gilde Corpaeon Mysterie Brothered and Comynaltie, corpate or not corpate, hathe of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stock of iSchaundises all inann! of Come and Blades Houshold Stuff and of all other Goods moveable, aswell w'"in the Realme as w"'oute, and of all suche somes of Money as to him or them is or shalbe owing, wherof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to be paide, (Except and oute of the pmisses deducted suche somes of Money as he or they owe, and in his or their conscience truly intendith to pay, and except also the Apparell of suche psons their Wives and Children belonging to theire owne Bodies, saving Juelle Gold Silver Stone and Perrll,) shall pay to and for the said Subsidie twoo shillinge eight pence of ePy pounde: And also of ev’y Alien bo'ne oute of the Quenes obeysaunce, aswell Denysen as other inhabiting w'"in the Realme, of ev'y pounde that he or they have in Coyne, and the value of evy pounde in Plate Corne Grayne 18chaundi.se Houshold Stuff or other Goodes Juellf Cattallf moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaid, aswell w'"in this Realme as w'i'oute, and of all somes of Money to him or them owing wherof he or they truste in his or their conscience or conscience to be paide, (Except and of the same pmisses deducted e$y suche sdme or somes of Money w1* he or they doo owe and in his or their conscience or conscience intendith truely to pay,) shall pay of and for evy pounde to and for the payment of the said Subsidie, five shillinge iiij d. for evv pounde: And also that e8y Alien and Straunger bo'ne oute of the Quenes Dnions, being Denyzen or not Denyzen, not being contributory to any of the Rate abovesaid, shall paye to and for the payment of the said Subsidie, Eight pence for e$y Poll, and the Mr or he or she w"‘ whom the same Alien is or shallbc abiding at the tyme of the Taxation or Taxations therof, to be charged w'h the same for lacke of payment therof.

And Be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforsaid, That e$y pson borne under the Quenes obeysaunce and e9y Corporac&n Fratemitie Gilde Mysterie Brothered and Comynaltie Corpate or not Corpate, for e9y pounde that e$y of the same psons, and e$y Corpaeon Fratemitie Gilde Mystery Brothered and Comynaltie Corpate or not Corpate, or any other to his or their use, hathe in Fee Simple Fee Taile for Tcrine of Life Terme of Yeres, by Execution Wardship or by Copie of Courte Roll, of and in any Hono's Castollf Manno's I.andf Teiitf Rents fvicf Hereditament f Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yerely Proffittf of the yerely Value of Twenty Shilling^, aswell w'"in auncient Demean as other Placf privileged as elswhere, and so upwardf, shall pay to and for the payment of the said

or in Default, inch Collectors shall he appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

Their Allowance;

Process against such Collector*.

III. Collectors shall enter into Recognisances for due Payment of llie Subsidy.

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty amounting to jCj, as. 8d. per Pound on Natives;

'i. 4d. per Pound on Aliens.

Poll Tax of 8d. upon Aliens not liable to Subsidy.

V.

Further Subsidy on Lands of 201. per Ann. and upwards, 4s. in the Pound on Natives; and J*s. on Alien*.

338

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11. A.D. 1557-8.

£xemptioni

Mode of nting Personalty, &c. of Corporations.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, \c.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the Subsidies

To be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« 4 XXVIII.]

VII.

Hating of Absentees and others according to Assessments, &c.

VIII. Appointment of Commissioners for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, &c.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations;

Subsidie Foure Shillingf of ev’y Pounde : And ev'y Alien bo'ne out of the Quenes Obeysaunce, in suche cace to pay at the said payment Eight Shillingf of ev'y Pounde: And that all somes p*sented and chargeable by this Acte, either for Goods and Debts, or for Landes and Tents and other the phnisses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at the said payment sett and taxed after the rate and porc&n according to the true meanyng of this Acte: (Landes and Teiitf chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergie and yerely wags due to fvauntf for their yerely fvice other then the King and Quenes fvauntf taking yerely wags of Five Pounds or above onely excepte and foreprised:) And that all Plate Coyne Juellf Goods Debts and Cattallf psonallf, being in the onely custody of any pson and psons to thuse of any Corpacon Fraternitie Gilde Mysterie Brothered, or any Comynaltie being Corpate or not Corpate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, as the Value certified by he Presenters of that Certificate to be sworne of ev'y Pounde in Goodes and Debts as is abovesaid, and of ev'y Pound in Landes Teiitf Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yerely Proffittf as is abovesaid ; And the somes that are before rehersed sett and taxed to be levied and taken of them that shal have suche Goodes in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Landes as is before rehersed; And the same pson or psons and Bodie Corpate by the aucthoritie of this Acte, shalbe discharged againste him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the Payment or Delivery therof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custodie or Possession of the same: (Except and alweys foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsidie, all Goods Cattellf Juellf and Omamentf of Churches and Chappellf w* have byn ordeined 8c used in Churches or Chappellf for the honno' and fvice of Almightie God.)

And this Payment of the said Subsidie shalbe by aucthoritie aforsaid taxed assessed and rated according to this Acte in every Shere Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Burrough Towne and ev'y other place w^in this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Dnions, before the last day of Aprill next comyng; And the pticuler somes of ev'y Shere Riding Burrough Towne and other placf aforesaid, w,h the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the payment of the said Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same lymyted, or twoo of them at the leaste, w,h the names of the highe Collecto's, and in the same forme shalbe certified in the King and Quenes Exchequier before the last day of May next comyng, w"1 the names of the highe Collecto's of the same; And the said somes in manner and so'me aforesaid to be taxed for the Payment of the said Subsidie shalbe paide in the King and Quenes Receipt of their Eschequier aforsaid, to the use of our said Sov'aigne Ladie, before the xxiiij"1 day of June next coming; And the somes of and for the said Subsidie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and paide to use of or said Soveraigne Ladie and her heires and successo's in forme abovesaid, aswell w,hin the Liftties Fraunchesies Sentuaries auncient Demean and other whatsoever place exempt or not exempt, as wlhoute, (Except suche Sheres Placf 8c Psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this p>sent Acte), any Graunte Charter pscripc&n Use or Lifetie by reason of any Ires Patentf or other Privilege pscripcon allowaunce of the same, or whatsoeP other Matter of Discharge heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned notwithstanding.

And yt is further enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, That ev'y suche pson, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeysaunce as ev'y other pson straunger bo'ne, Denyzen or not Denyzen, inhabiting w,hin this Realme or w,hin "Wales or other the Quenes Dinions, wcl‘ at the tyme of the same assessing or taxacon to be had or made, shalbe oute of this Realme and oute of Wales, and have Gooddes or Cattallf Landes or Tents Fees or Annuities or other Proffittf wu,in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitauntf of the pries where suche Goodes Cattallf Lands Teiitf or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche pson or his Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have his most resorte unto wll,in this Realme or in Wales, in like mann! as if the said pson were or had ben at the tyme of the said assessing w,hin this Realme ; And that ev'y pson abiding or dwelling w,hin this Realme or w,houte this Realme shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidie graunted by this Acte according and after the Rate of suche yerely Substaunce or Value of Landes and Tents Goods and Cattellf and other the pmisses, as ev'y pson so to be charged shalbe sett at, the tyme of the said assessing or taxacon upon him to be made, and in none otherwise.

And furthermore be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforsaid. That for the assessing and ordering of the said Subsidie to be duly had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Kep of the Greate Seale, the Lorde Treassurer of Englande the Lorde Stuard of the King and Quenes honfiable Householde the Lorde p'sident of the King and Quenes honSable Counsell the Lorde P vie Seale for the tyme being, or twoo of them at the least, (wherof the Lorde Chauncello' of England or Kep of the Grete Seale for the tyme being to be one,) shall and may name and appointe of and for ev'y Shere and Riding and other placf, aswell w'^in this Realme as in Wales and other the Quenes Dnions, And also of and for ev'y Citie and Towne being a Countie in yt self, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certein nombre of psons of ev'y of the said Sheres Ridingf Lathes Wapentakf Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Weight, and ev'y other place and other the Inhitauntf of the same, to be Comissioners w,hin the same, wherof they be Inhitauntf ; And also of and for the honSable Household of the Quenes Ma‘" and the Ladie Elizabethes Grace, in what Sheres or other placf the said Householdes shall happen then to be; And the Lorde Chauncello' and other w'" him before named, in like man! may name and appointe of ev'y other suche Burrough and Towne Corpate, aswell in England as in Wales and other the Quenes Dnions as they shall think requisite, six five foure three or twoo of the Hedd Officers and other sadd honest Inhitauntf of ev'y of the said Cities Burroughes and Townes Corpate, according to the nomber and multitude of people being in the same; The wc,‘ psons, (if any suche be thereunto named of the said Inhitauntf of the said Burroughes and Townes Corpate, not being Counties in themselfff,) shalbe joynyd and putt in

4.DA557-S.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

339

as Comissioners w'" the peons named for suche Sheres and Ridingf as the said Burroughes and Townes Corpate, not being Counties in themselfff, be sett and have their being; whiche psons so named for and of the said Burroughes and Townes Corpate, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them ne none of them to put any pte of their Comission in execution for the phnisses oute of the said Burroughes and Towne Corporate, wherein they being so named onely for the same be dwelling, And also not to execute the said Comission w"*in the Burrough or Towne Corpate, where they be so dwelling, but at suche daies and tymes as the said other Comissionls for the same Shere and Riding shall thereto lymyte and appointe w'^n the same Burrough or Towne Corpate, not being Countye Corpate whereof they so be, and not outc of suche Burrough or Towne, and in that manS to be aiding and assisting wlb the said other Comissiofis in and for the good executing of theffect of the said Comission; upon payne of ev*y of the said Cdmissiofis so named for ePy suche Citie Burrowe and Towne Corpate (not being a Countie) to make suche Fyne as the said other Comissioris in the Comission of and for the said Shere or Riding so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their discrecons sett and certifie into the King and Quenes Eschequier there to be levied to thuse of her Ma"‘ in like manrJ as suche or like somes had ben sett and rated upon ev*y suche pson for the said Subsidie; The w1" Comissionls so named of and for the said Cities Burroughes and Townes not being Counties, and onely put in the said Comission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any pte of the porcdn of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comissions and their Clerkf in this Acte afterwards specified: And the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande and Kep of the King and Quenes Grete Seale for the tyme being, shall make and direct oute of the Courte of Chauncery under the King and Quenes Grete Seale, se^all Comissions, that is to saye. To ev’y Shere Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Burrowe Isle and Householde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discretion and other w* him aforenamed and appointed in like manfl and so'me as is afore rehersed shalbe thought sufficient, for the cessing and levynge of the same Subsidie in all Sheres and Placf according to the true meanyng of this Acte; Whiche Comission for the payment of the said Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them, before the firste day of Aprill next cdmyng, and to ev’y of the said Comissions, ten Scedules conteynyng in them the tenno' of this Acte shalbe affiled; by the w'*' Comission the Cdmissionls in ev*y suche Comission named according to this Acte and asmany of them as shalbe appointed by the same Comission, shall have full power and aucthoritie to put theffecte of the same Comission in Execution: And that by aucthoritie of this Acte after suche CSmission to them directed, they may by their Assentf and Agrementf sever themselfff for the Execuc&n of their Comission in Hundreds Lathes Wards and Rapes Wapentakf Townes Pisshes and other Placf w'bin the Lymytf of their said Comission, in suche so'me as to them shall seme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comoned and agreed, according to the tenno' and effecte of the Comission to them therein directed, upon w* severaunce ev*y pson of this p>sent Pliament that shalbe Comission!, shalbe assigned in the Hundred wherein he dwellith: Provided alweys. That no pson be or shalbe compelled to be any Comissioner to and for the Execu&n of this psent Acte, but onely in the Shere where he dwellith and inhiteth; And that evy pson being assigned to the contrary therof in any wise shall not be compelled to put in Execuc&n theffecte of this Acte or any pte therof.

And yt is also enacted by the aucthoritie of this p>sent Pliament, That the Comissioners and evfy of them, wcl’ shalbe named lymyted and appointed according to this Acte, to be Comissioners in ev*y suche Shere Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cide Towne Burrough Isle and the same Householdes or any other placf, and none other, shall truely effectually and diligently for their pte execute theffecte of this p>sent Acte according to the tenno' thereof in e$y behalf, and no otherwise by any other meanes, wthoute Omission Favo' Dreade Malice or any other thing to be attempted and done by them or any of them to the contrary therof; And the same Comissionls and as many of them as shalbe appointed by the same Comission, and none other, for thexecucon of the same Comyssion and Acte, shall for the taxac&n of the same payment of the said Subsidie before the vj‘l‘ day of Aprill next comyng, by vertue of the Cdmissions defined unto them in so'me abovesaid, direct their sev^all or joynt Precept unto eight seven six five foure or three or moo, as for the nornber of the Inhitauntf shalbe requisite, of the most substanciall discrete and honest psons Inhitauntf, to be named by the said Comissionls, or by as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parisshes Townes and other placf, as well w,hin Liberties Fraunchesies auncient Demean Placf exempted and Sentuaries as wlhout, w"'in the lymytf of the Sheres Ridingf Lathes Wapentakf Rapes Cities Townes Burrowes or Isle aforsaid, and other placf wuin the lymytf of their Comission, unto the Constables Subconstables Bailifff and other like Officers or Mynisters of e9y of the same Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakf Pisshes and other placf beforesaid, as to the same Comissioners and ev'y nombre of them, or unto three or twoo of them by their discretion in division shall seme expedient, as by the maS and use of that pties shalbe requisite; straightly by the same Precept, charging and comaunding the same Inhitauntf Constables and other Officers aforsaid to whom suche pcept shalbe so directed, to appeare in their prop psons before the sayd Comissioners or suche nornber of them as they shall deride themselfff, according to the tenno' of the said Comission, at certen daies and placf by the said Comissioners or any nombre of them as is aforsaid, w^in Cities Burrowes and Townes Corpate or w"'oute, in any other place as yt ys aforsaid, by their discrecons shalbe lymyted thereunto, to doo and accomplishe all that to them on the pte of the King and Quenes Mau shalbe enjoyned touching this Acte; comaunding further by the same p'cept, that he to whose Hands suche p'cept shall come, shall shewe or deliver the same to the other Inhitauntf or Officers named in the said jPcept, and that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, upon payne of sortie shillingf to be forfaited to the Quenes Ma".

Commission* shall be isssed out of Chancery;

Commissioner* may divide and act in their separate Divisions.

Commissioner* shall be Residents.

IX.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, &c.;

and shall summon Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend a Meeting for putting this Act into Execution.

d

340

4° &5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

A.D. 1557-8.

x.

Inhabitant! and Officer! lummoned shall appear before Commusioneri on Penalty of 40s. and be iworn to enquire and certify the Value of the Property of all Person! rateable to the Subsidies

Form of Oath;

Charge of the Commissioners to such Enquirers

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates by such Enquirers;

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Summoning Parties under-rated;

And yt is further ordeyned by the aucthoritie of this pnt Filament, That ePy of the ComissioSs then being in the Shere, and having no sufficient excuse for his Absence, shall at the day and place pfixed, for that pte whereunto he was lymyted to appeare in his prop pson ; and there the same Comissions being psent, or as many as shalbe appointed by the King and Quenes Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them the sayd Inhitauntf and Officers to whom they have directed their said pceptf, and w°' had in comaundement there to appeare by the said pcept of the said Comissiofls; And yf any pson so warned make defalte, unles he then be letten by sicknes or laufull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by the Othes of twoo credible psons, or yf any appearing refuse to be swome in forme following, to forfeite to the King and Quenes Ma*f sortie shillingf, and so at ev*y tyme appointed by the said ComissioSs for the said Taxacbns, unto suche tyme the nombre of ery suche psoi have appeared and certified in so'me under written ; and ePy of them so making defalt or refusing to be swome, to forfaite to the King and Quenes Ma'f sortie shillingf ; and upon the same Appearaunce had, one of the most substanciall Inhitauntf or Officer so being warned and appearing before the said C.dmissioners, shalbe swome upon a Boke openly before the ComissioSs in forme following:—I shall truely esquire w* my Fellowes that shalbe charged w"1 me of the Hundred Wapentake Warde Towne or other place, of the best and most value of the substaunce of ePy pson dwelling and abiding w"4n the lymytf of the placf that I and my Fellowes shalbe charged w"", and of other wch shall have his or their most resorte unto any of the sayd placf, and chargeable w'" any some of money by this Acte of the sayd Subsidie, and of all other Articles that I shalbe charged w°* touching the said Acte and according to the intent of the same: And thereupon as nere as it may be or shall come to my knowlege, truely to psent and certifie before you the names surnames and the best and uttermost substaunce and values of ev*y of them, aswell of Lands Tents and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Proffittf, as of Goods Cattallf Debts and other Things chargeable by the said Acte, w^oute any Consealem* Love Favo' Affeccbn Dread Feare or Malice, as nere as God will gyve me Grace : So helpe me God and the holie Contents of this Booke.—And ev*y other pson that shall appeare there by the same Pceptf, shall make like Othe; And upon the Othe so taken as is aforsaid by the Inhitauntf and Officers of e9y Hundred Warde Wapentake Towne or other place, the said ComissiorJs shall openly there rede or cause to be redd unto them the said Rats, and openly declare theffecte of their charge unto them in what mann! and so'me they ought and shoulde make their Certificate according to the Rats and Somes therof abovesaid, and of almaner of psons, aswell of Aliens and Straungers Denyzens or not Denyzens inhiting w,hin this Realme, as of suche p6ons as be borne under the Quenes obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte, And of the Possessions Goods and Cattallf of Fratemydes Guyldf Corporacdns Brotherhoddf Mysteryes and Comynalties and other as is abovesaid, and of psones being in the ptyes of beyonde the Seas, havyng Goods or Cattallf Londf or Tents wAin this Realme as is aforesaid, And of all Goods being in the custodye of any psone or psones to thuse of any other as is abovesaid, by the whiche informac&n and shewing the said psones shulde have suche playne knowlege of the true Intent of this present Acte, and of the maner of their Certificat, that the same psones shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ygnorance : And after suche Othe and the Statute of the said Subsidie, and the maner of the said Certificat to be made in Writing conteyning the names and surnames of e9y psone, and wither they be borne wlUout the Quenes Obeysaunce or w,hin, and the best value of ev*y psone in ev*y decree, aswell of yerely value of Lands and Tents and of suche lyke possession and proffittf as the value of Goods and Cattallf Debts and ev*y thing to their Certificat requisite and necessarye, to them declared, the said ComyssioSs there being shall by their discretions appoynte and lyroyte unto the said psones an other day and place to appere before the sayd Cdmyssionls, and charging the said psones that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent enquyrie by all wayes and meanes of the Premysses, and then and there ev*y of them upon payne of forfeyture of xl s. to the Kyng and Quenes Ma"", to appere at the said new prefixed daye and place, ther to certifye unto the sayd Comissoris in wryting according to their sayd Charge, and according to the true Intent of the said Graunte of Subsidye, and as to them in maner aforesayd hath ben declared and shewed by the CdmyssioSs; At whiche day and place so to them pfixed, yf any of the said psones make defaulte, or appere and refuse to make the said Certificat, that then ev*y of them so offending to forfet to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'" Fourtye Shillingf, Except onely a reasonable excuse of his defaulte by reason of Syknes or otherwise, by the Othes of two credyble psones ther wytnessed be had ; And of suche as appeare redy to make Certificat as is aforesaid the sayd ComyssioSs ther being shall take and receyve the same Certificat and e9y parte therof, and the Names Values and Substaunce of ePy psone so certyfyed; And yf the same ComyssioSs see cause reasonable, they shall exaen the said Presenters therof, and therupon the said ComyssiorJs at the said dayes and place by their agreament emongf themsellfff, shall from tyme to tyme openly ther prefixe a daye at a certeyn place or places wlhin the lymytes of their Comyssion by their discrecion for their further preceding to the said assessing of the said Subsidye; and therupon at the said daye of the said Certificat as is aforesaid taken, the same ComyssiofcJs shall make their precept or preceptf to the Constables Subcostables Bailifff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wepontakes Townes or other places aforesaid, as the same ComyssioSs shalbe of, comp'sing and conteynyng in the same pcept the names and surnames of all psones psented before them in the said Certificat, of whome yf the said ComyssioSs, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the King and Quenes C5myssion, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more gretter Value or Substance in Lands Goods Cattallf or somes of Money owing to them, or other Substance beforesaid, then upon suche psone or psones shalbe certyfied, the same ComyssioSs shall make their precept or Pceptf directed to the Constables Bailifff or other Officers to whome suche precept shalbe dyrected, comaunding the same Constables Bailifff or other Officers to warne suche psones whose names shalbe coinp‘sed in the said pcept at their Mansions, or to their psones, that the same psons named in suche Pceptf and e9y of them shall peonally appere before the said Comyssiofis at the same newe pfixed daye and place, there to be exaled by all wayes and meanes by the said Comyssiori*

b;

A.D. 1557- 8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

341

Hu

K

S

*il

h

4,1

4,

ki

tik

■tit

Hi.

BP

»ii

■ii

ha

Hi

Mi

u:

[fci

in

SB

H*

K

R"

it

Mi

Ki

B<

m

IK

it

r

i

jii

d

d

i

ii

i

i'

li

i

of their grettest substance and best value, and of all and ev'y somes of Money owing to them, and other whatsoeP mater concemvng the pmysses by any of them according to this Acte; At whiche daye and place so pfixed the said Comyssiorts then ther being, or asmany of them as shalbe therunto apoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Comyssion, shall cause to be called the said psones whose names shalbe comprised in the said p>cept as is beforesaid for their exaialbn; And yf any of those psones whiche shoulde be warned as is beforesayd to be exiiied, whiche at any tyme after the wamyng and before the p>fixed daye, shalbe w^in suche place where he may have knowlege of his said apparence to be made, make defaulte and appere not, oneles a reasonable cause, or ells a reasonable excuse by the othes of two credyble psones before the said. Comyssiofis be truly alleged for his discharge, that then ev'y of them so making defaulte, to be taxed to the Kyng and Quenes Ma"" w* and at the double somes of the rate that he shulde or ought to have ben set at, for and after the best value of his Londf or Substance upon hi.n certified yf he had appered, by the disc recon of the Comyssionls ther beyng; And whiche Comyssion!* shall travel! w' ev'y of the psones so then and ther appering whose names shalbe exp>ssed in the said precept or p>ceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in so'me aforesaid, by all suche wayes and meanes they can; And that ePy Spuall psone at the sayd Taxacbns of the said Subsidie shalbe rated and sett according to the rate abovesaid of and for ev'y pounde that the same Spuall psone or any other to his use hath by Discern Bargayne or Purchace, in Fee Symple Fee Taille Terme of Lyffe Terme of Yeres, by Execucon by Warde or by Copie of Co’te Rolle, in any Mano's Londf TeiStf Rents fvyces Officf Fees Corrodyes Annuyties or Heredytamentf, after the true juste and yerely Value therof, after and according as other the Kyng and Quenes Ma'" Subjects borne w'in this

Realme, be charged in so'me above remembred, so that yt extende to the yerely Value of Twentye Shillingf

or above; And yf any psone certified or rated by vertue of this Acte, be he Comyssiofi or other, to any man! of Value, doth fynd hymself greyed w,h the same p*sentnient sessing or taxing, and therupon complayne to the ComyssioSs before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed, or before two of them, that then the said ComyssioiJs

shall by all wayes and meanes exaen pticlerly and dystinctly the psone so complaynyng and other his neighbo's by

their discrec&n of ev'y his Londf and Teiitf above spified, and of ev'y his Goods Cattallf and Debts above mentioned; and after due exaiacon and pfite knowlege therof had and pceived by the said Comyssiotis whiche shall have power by thauthoride aforesayd, the said ComyssiorJs or two of them to whome any suche Coinplaynt shalbe made, by their discrecons, upon the othe of the said psone so complaynyng, may abate defalke encrease or enlarge the same Assessement, according as yt shall appere unto them juste upon the same exaiacon; And the same some so abated defaulked encreased or enlarged to be strayted in so'me as hereafter ensuyth, so that he come before the Estreatf of the same assessing be delyvered by the sayd ComyssioiJs into the Kyng and Quenes Ma,k’ Exchequer; And yf yt be proved, by wytnesse his owne confession or other lauful wayes or meanes, w'in a yere after suche othe made, that the same psone so taxed and sworne was of any better or gretter Value in Londf Goods or other things above specified at the tyme of his said othe, then the same psone so sworne dyd declare upon his said othe, that then ev'y suche psone so offending shall lose and forfett to the Kyng and Quenes Ma,k* so moche in laufull money of England as the said psone so sworne was set at or taxed to paye; And all psones sett rated and taxed as is aforesaid shalbe bounde and charged by the same, and the some or somes upon hym sett to be due towards the payment of the said Subsidie, and to be levyed as hereafter shalbe specyfyed.

Amo also yt is enacted by the same authoritie, That ev'y psone to be taxed at the same Taxacon as is aforesaid shalbe rated taxed and sett, and the some on him sett to be levyed at suche place where he and his famelye at the tyme of the same Presentment to be made shall kepe his House or Dwelling, or where he then shalbe moste conv'sant abyding and resiant, or shall have his moste resorte and shall be best knowen at the tyme of the said Certificat to be made, and no where ells: And that no Comyssiofi for this Subsidie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Londf but in the Shire and other place wher he shalbe ComyssioS ; And that yf any psone chargeable to this Acte, the tyme of the said assessing, happen to be out of this R ealme and out of Wales, or farre from the place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was last abyding in this Realme or w'in Wales, and best knowen; and after the Subsrance and Value and other Proffettf of ev'y psone knowen by thexaiacbn certificat and other ma8 of wyse as is aforesaid. The said ComyssioiJs or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma" Comyssion, shall after the rate aforesaid sett and taxe ev'y psone according to the rate of the Substance and Value of his Londf Goods and other Proffittf, wherby the gretest and moste best some according to his moste Substance by reason of this Acte myght or may be sett or taxed.

Provyded alwayes that ev'y suche psone whiche shalbe set or taxed for Payment of and to this Subsidye for and after the yerely Value of his Londf Teiitf and other reall Possessions or Proffittf at the said Taxations, shall not be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattallf or other movable Subsrance at the same Taxacon; and that he that shalbe charged or taxed for the same Subsidye for his Goods Cattallf and other movables at the same Taxacon, shall not be charged taxed or chargeable for his Londf or other reall Possessions or Proffittf abovesaid at the same Taxacon; nor that any psone be double charged for the said Subsidye, nether sett or taxed at sePall places by reason of this Acte: Any thing conteyned in this psent Acte notw'stonding.

And that yt be ordeyned by the same authoritie of this p'sent Pliament, That no psone having two Mansions or two Places to resorte unto, or calling hymselff housholdc fvant or wayting serv'unt to the Kyng and Queues Ma,(" or other Lorde or Ladye Mayster or Mastres, be excused upon his saying from the taxe of the said Subsidie, in nether of the places where he may be sett, onelesse he bryng a Certificat in wryting from the ComyssioiJs where that he is so sett in dede at one place; And yf any psone that ought to be sett, by reason of his removing or

Voi., IV.

4 S

Die

Putin not appearing shall be rated Double i

Parties appearing shall be examined

Rating of Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment on Complaint;

Penalty on Evasion on Pretext of Overcharge;

XI.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, See.

Commissioners within Shires

Absentees where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate under Certificate, itc.

XII.

Persons rated for Ileal Property shall not be charged for Personalty t

None shall be doubly charged.

XIII.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of One Rale shall be produced.

4°&5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

A.D. 1557-8.

342

Penalty on Ev»ion resorting to two placf, or by reason of his saying that he ellfwhere was taxed, or by reason of any privilege by his dwelling or abyding in any place not being forprised in this Acte or otherwise by his covyne or crafte happen to escape from the said Taxations, and be not sett, and that prooved by pntement exaiacbn or informacbn before the same ComyssyoSs, or asmany of them as shalbe by the same Comyssion appoynted, or by the Barons of the King and Quenes Ma" Eschequer, or two Justicf of the Peax of the Countye where suche peon dwellith ; then ev’y suche psone that by suche meanes or otherwsie willingly by covyne shall happen to eskape from the said Taxac&n or Payment aforsayd, and not to be rated taxed or sett, shalbe charged upon the knowlege and prooffe therof, w‘ and at the double value that he should or ought to have ben sett at afore according to his behavo', the same double

value to be taxed gathered and payed of his Goods and Cattail f Londf and Tents towards the said Subsidie, and further to be ponyshed according to the Discrecbns of the Barons Justicf & ComyssioSs before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence & Deceytt in that Behalff.

XIV. Commissioners shill assess themselves and the Assessors.

XV. Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, &c.

XVI.

After Assessment Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers who shall levy the Sums assessed byDistress, &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collector.

xvn.

Commissioners snail appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

And further be it enacted by thautoritie aforeseid, That the seid ComyssyoSs of ePy Comyssyon shall accordyng to their Divisions and after they be devided, have full power and aucthoritie by this Acte, to sett taxe and cesse e$y other ComyssioS joyned w1* them in ev*y suche Comyssion and Division; And shall also assesse e9y Assessour w"'in their Division for his and their Goods Lands and other the p>mysses as is aboveseid, by the whiche seid Comyssion the said ComyssyoSs shall indyfferently sett taxe and sesse themselff and the seid Assessours; and that aswell the somes upon ePy of the seid ComyssioSs and Assessours so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and p>sented by the p'sento" sworne as is aforeseid, shalbe wrytten certefied and estreated, And the Estretf therof to be made w' other the Inhabytauntf of that pries w'^in the lymittf of the same Comyssion and Division so to be gathered and levyed, in like maS as it ought or shulde have byn yf the seid Comyssion! had not byn in the seid Comyssion.

And that all psones of the Estate of a Baron or Barones and epy Estate above, shalbe charged w* their Freeholde and Value as is aforeseid, by the Chauncello' or Keper of the Greate Seale Treasorer of Englande Lorde p'sident of the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Pryvye Councell and Lorde Pryvy Seale for the tyme beyng or other psones by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f aucthoritie to be lymitted, and they to be charged for the seid sev*all paymentf of the seid Subsedie, after the so'me of the seid Graunte, according to the taxac&n aforesaid; And the somes upon them sett w* the Names of the Collecto" appoynted for the gatheryng and paying of the same, to be extreated delyv'ed and certefied at dayes and placf above specified, by the Lorde Chauncello' Treasorer Lorde p'sident of the Councell and Lorde Privie Seale for the tyme beyng, or soche other psones as shalbe lymitted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f.

And after the Taxes and Assesses of the seid somes upon and by the seid Assessyng and Cerrificat as is aforeseid made, the said ComyssioSs, or asmany of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, shall w‘ all spede and w'out delay, by the wrytyng extreated of the seid Taxe therof under the Seale and Signes Manuell of the seid ComyssyoSs or as many of them as shalbe appoynted at the leste to be made, shalbe delyvW unto sufficient and substancyall Inhabytauntf Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Placf aforeseid w'in their lymittf, or to other sufficient psones Inhabitauntf of the same, onely by the discression of the same Comyssioners, and as the Place and Pries shall require, aswell the priculer Names as Surnames as the remembraunce of all s5mes of Money taxed and sett of and upon ePy psone aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte Householder and all other Inhabytauntf and Dwellers w'in the seid Pishes Townes and Placf contrybutory to this Acte of Subsedie; By auctoririe of whiche Wrytyng or Estreate so delyv’ed, the seid Officers and other psones so named and deputed sePally, shall have full power and auctoririe by vertue of this Acte ymediatly after the delyverie of the seid Wrytyng or Estreate, to demaunde levye and gather of ePy psone therin specified, the s5me or sdmes in the same Wrytyng or Estreate comprised; And for none payment therof, to distreyne the same psone or psones so beyng behynde by their Goods and Cattallf; And the Distresses so taken to kepe by the space of viij dayes at the costs and chargf of the Ow8 therof; And yf the seid Ow8 do not pay suche s5me of Money as shalbe taxed by this Acte w'in the same viij dayes, then the same Distresse to be appreased by foure three or two of the Inhabytauntf where suche Distresse is taken, and also to be solde by the seid Constable and other Collectour for the payment of the seid Money; And the ov^plus comyng of the sale and kepyng therof, yf any be, to be ymediatly restored to the Ow8 of the same Distresse; whiche seid Officers and other psones so deputed to aske take gather and levye the seid sdmes, shall answere and be charged for the porcbn onely to them assigned or lymitted to bee gathered levyed and comprised in the seid Wrytyng or Estreate to them as is beforeseid delyv'ed, to thuse of our Sov’aigne Lady the Queenes Ma'" and her Heires and Successours; And the seid some in that Wrytyng or Estreate comprised, to pay unto the High Collecto' or Collecto’s of that Place for the Collecf&n of the same, in man! and so'me under wrytten therunto to be named and deputed, and the same Inhabytauntf and Officers so gatheryng the same priculer somes for their Colleccbn therof, shall reteyne for e9y xx s. so by them receyved and paide, two pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collecf&n by them to be made by the High Collectour or Collecto's.

And further be it enacted by the seid aucthoritie. That the seid C5myssio8s, or the more pte of them as shall take upon them thexecucbn and busines of the seid Chmyssion, shall for the same payment of the seid Subsedie name suche sufficient and able psones, wc" then shall have and possesse Lands and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right of the yerely value of twenty pounds, or Goods to the value of two hundred ifikf at the leaste, and the

Go

PENN 5TAT!

4.0.1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

843

5

*3.

■J*

fa,

i«!

kit

w

tfe

r«

Hi

it

iik

i±

«>

h

t

M

IP

ii

H

1®

ip

<>

i*

f'

k

.0

V

0

I*

0i

V

10

p‘

psones sePally by the discressions of the same Comysaiofts in Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoep Placf, aswell w'in Placf privileged as w'out, not beyng forprised w'in this Acte, to be High Collecto's, and have the Collection and Receipte of the seid somes sett and leviable w"'in the p>Syncte lymitt and bonds where they shalbe so lymitted to gether and receyve; To ePy of the whiche Collecto's so sePally named, the seid Comyssionts, or two of them at the leaste, shall wl all spedc and w'out delay, after the seid whole some of the seid Subsedie be sett, by all the lymittf of the same their Comyssion, or in suche lymittf as the High Collecto" shalbe so sePally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signes Manuell deliv5 one Estreate indented in pchement to epy of the seid High Collecto's, comprisyng in hit the Names of all suche psones as were assigned to levye the seid pticuler somes and the somes of evy Hundred Wcapentake Towne or other Place aforeseid, w' the Names and Surnames of the psones so chargeable accordyng to the Estreate so firste therof made

as is aforesaid and delyPed, and the Collecto' so to be assigned shalbe charged to answere those some comprised

in the seid Estreate lymitted to his Collection as is aforeseid.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That the seid CotnyssyoSs havyng auctoritie by H; |, CoIK.^or»

this Acte to name & nominate the seid High Collecto's of the seid Subsedie, shall ymediatly upon the nomination and shall enter into

elleccbn, take by auctoritie of this p>sent Plyament sufficient RecognisauncC or Obligations w’out any fee or rewardc to SuniTreceircd be paide therfore of ePy psone so by them to be named to be High Collecto's, to be bounde to the Kyng and «y iln-m, to be Quenes Ma'f in doble some of the some of his Colleccbn, and to be indorced and made upon suche condition, Exchequer by that is to say j For the colleccon of the same payment of the seid Subsidie, that yf the seid Collecto' his heires or Cu^iwioncn; execute's, do truly contente and pay to thuse of the Quenes Ma'k her heires or executo's in the Receipte of the seid Exchequier before the seid xxiiij day of June next comyng, so moche of the seid some of Money alloted and appoynted to his Colleccbn as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and pay the residue of his Colleccon and Charge w'in

one monethe next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the seid

Recognisaunce or Obligation to be voide, orels to stande in full strength and vertue; Whiche seid RecognisauncC or Obligacbns so taken, the seid ChmyssyoSs shall sev’ally certefie and delyv5 into the Kyng and Quenes Ma'C Exchequier, w* the sePall Certificate of the seid. Taxations and Rats of the paymentf of the seid Subsedie, at and by the tyme to the p'seribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certificat of the Taxacon of the seid Subsedie; upon payne of forfeyture of Tenne pounds to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f for ePy Recognisaunce or Obligacon not certefied, and that

ev*y suche Collecto' so ellected named and choysen, upon request to him made shall knowlege and make the seid

Recognisaunce or Obligac&n, upon like payne of forfeiture of Tenne pounds to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f for the refusall therof. And ePy suche Collecto' so deputed havyng the seid Estreate in pchement as is aforseid, shall have aucthoritie by this Acte to appoynte dayes and placf w'‘in the circuytf of his Colleccon for the payment of the seid Constables, .vc Subsedie to hym to be made, and therof to give warnyng by Pclamacbn or otherwise to all the seid Constables or other }"yP j , psones or Inhabytauntf havyng the charge of the pticuler Colleccbn wu‘in the Hundreds Pishes Townes or other placf tln-m id. pvrPound. by hym or them lymytted, to make payment for their seid pticuler Colleccon of ePy some as to them shall apperteyn:

And yf at the seid day and place so lymytted and pffixed by the seid Collecto', the said Constable Officer or other o, Failure, psones or Inhabitauntf as is beforeseid, for the seid pticuler Colleccon appoynted and assigned w'in suche Hundred Citie Towne or other Place, do not pay unto the seid Collectours the some w'in their sePall Hundreds Townes Pishes and other placf due and comprised in the seid Estreate therof to them defined by the seid Comyssioriis or some of them as is aforeseid, or so moche therof as they have by any meanes receyved, two pence of cPy pounde for the seid pticuler Colleccbn as is beforeseid alwayes to be therof allowed excepted and abated, that then it shalbe laufull to the seid High Collecto's and to ev’y of them and to their Assignes, to distreyne ePy of the seid Constables Officers and other

Inhabytauntf for their seid sePall and pticuler Collections of the seid somes comprised in the seid Estreate and Wrytyng

therof to them and ev*y of them as is before expressed delyv'ed, or for asmoche of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and be behynde and unpaide by the Goods and Cattallf of ePy of them so beyng behyndc and the Distresse so taken to be kept appraised and solde as is aforeseid, and therof to take and levye the some so then beyng behynde and unpaide, and the Ov'plus comyng of the sale of the seid Distresse yf any be, to be restored and delyved unto the Own! in so'me above remembred.

XIX.

Provided alwayes, That no psone inhabytyng in any Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to bean Assessors and Assesso' or Collecto' of or for any pte of the seid Subsedie in any place or placf out of the seid Citie Burrough or xn"*bjtanti! * Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

XX.

And it is also by the seid auctoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabytaunte or Officer or whatsoever psone or psones Tll CU5C of Deith

charged to and for the colleccbn or receipte of any pte or porcbn of the seid Subsedie by any man! of meanes

accordyng to this Acte, or any psone or psones for themselff or as Keper Gardyan Deputie Facto' or Atto'ney of or for ti,cmrelv. « for any other psone or psones of any Goods and Cattallf of the Own! therof, at the tyme of the seid assessyng to be made beyng out of this Realme or in any other pties not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattallf of any not forthcoming, other psone or psones, of any Corporacbn Fraternitie Mystery or other whatsoev5 Cornynaltie being incorporate or not incorporate, and all psones havyng in their rule goPnaunce and custody, any Goods or Cattallf at the tyme of the of tin- Money due seid assessyng to be made, or whiche for any cause for and by colleccbn or for hymselfe or for any other, or by al,d ivoccs, ,|,an ’ reason that he hathe the rule govnaunce or custody of any Goods or Cattallf of anye pson or psones Corporacbn p^-;lSa^nrt ,"cl1 Comynaltie or Fraternitie Guylde or Mystery, or any suche other like, or as Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for any psone, shalbe taxed rated valued and setto any some or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxacon or assessyng upon any suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w' the receipte of the same, happen to dye or depfe from the

344

A.D. 1557-8-

4° & 3° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

Commissioners may issue iheir l’rcccpti to levy such Sums by Distress cn Farmers, Lessees, &c. of Parties chargeable, who may retain the same out of their Rents,

On Failure of any such Distress the Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach tin- Body of the Party chargeable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

place where he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattallf be so eloined, or in suche pryvy and covert man! kept, as the seid psone or psones charged w"" the same by Extreatf or other wrytyngf from the seid ComyssioSs, or asmany of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the seid Comyssion as is aforeseid, can ne may levye the same s5me or somes comprised w"'in the same Extreatf by distresse w'in the lymittf of their Collecc&n as aforeseid, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the same paymentf before the tyme Iymitted to the High Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f receipte; then upon relation therof made w' due examynacon by the Othe or Examynac&n of suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w' or for the Receipte or Collecc&n of the same before the seid ComyssioSs, or as many of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche psone or psones or other as is aforeseid their Goods and Cattallf were sett and taxed, and ■upon playne Certificat therof made in the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Exchequier by the same ComyssioSs, aswell of the dwellyng place Names and Somes of the seid psones of whome the seid s5mes cannot be levyed and had as is aforeseid, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabitauntf appoynted for the seid pticuler Collecc&n against the High Collector, as the High Collecto' upon his Accompte and Othe in the seid Exchequier to be discharged therof, and Pcesse to be made for the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f out of the seid Exchequier, by the discression of the Barons of the seid Exchequier against suche psone his heires or executo's so beyng behynde w* his payment. And ov* that the same ComyssioSs to whome any suche Declarac&n of the pmysses shalbe made in so'me aforeseid, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and aucthoritie to directe their pcepte or p>ceptf unto the seid psone or psones charged w‘ any some of for or upon any suche psone or psones or other as is aforeseid, or to any Sherif Stewarde Baylif or other whatsoev5 Officer Mynister psone or psones of suche place or placf where any suche psone or p6ones so owyng suche some or somes shall have Lands and Tents or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattallf wherby any suche psone or psones so indetted his Heires Executo" or Assignes or other havyng the Custody GoPnaunce or Disposic&n of any Goods Cattallf Lands or Tents or other Hereditamentf whiche ought or may by this Acte laufully be distrayned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattallf Lands Tents and other Possessions wherof suche some or somes wc" by any suche psone or psones may or ought to be levyed, be yt within the lymittf of suche Comyssion where suche psone or psones was and were taxed or w’out, w'in any Place w'in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Ma'f Domynions nichies or Territo's; by whiche p*cepte aswell suche psone or psones as shalbe charged to levie suche Money, as the Officers of the Place or Placf where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full power and auctoritie to distrayne evy suche psone indetted charged and chargeable by this Acte or his Executo's or Administrato's, of his Goods and Cattallf his Gardyans Facto's Deputies Lesses Fermers and Assignes and all other psones by whose Hands or out of whose Lands any suche psone shulde have Rent Fee Annuide or other pffitt, or whiche at the tyme of the seid Assessyngf shall have Goods or Cattallf or any other thyng movable, or any suche psone or psones beyng indetted or owyng suche s5me, and the Distresses so taken caused to be kepte appraysed and solde in like man! and so'me as is aforeseid, for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psone to be taxed to the seid Subsedie, and beyng sufficient to distrayne w'in the lymittf of the Collecto's Inhabytauntf or other Officers charged w* or for the same somes so upon them to be taxed; And if any suche Distresse for none payment happen to be taken out of the lymitt of the seid psones charged and assigned to levy the same, the psone so charged for the levie of ev*y suche some by Distresse, shall pceyve and take of the seid Distresse for the Labo' of evy psone going for thexecuc&n therof, for ev*y Myle that any suche psone so laboreth for the same two pence, and e9y Fermo' Ten'nte Gardyan Facto' or other whatsoev* psone beyng distrayned or otherwise charged for payment of any suche some or somes, or any other somes by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche s5me or somes of hytn or them so levied and taken dyscharged and acquited at his next day of Payment of the same, or at the deliv^ie of suche Goods and Cattallf as he that is so distrayned had in his Custodie and GoPnaunce against hyin or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; any Graunte or Wrytyng obligatory or other whatsoeP matter to the contrary made heretofore notw'standyng: And yf any suche psone that shulde be so distrayned, have no Lands or Tents sufficient, wherby he or his Ten"ntes and Fermo's may be distrayned, or hathe aloyned alycned or hid his Goods and Cattallf wherby he shulde or might be distrayned, in suche man! that suche Goods and Cattallf shall not be knowen or founde, so that the some of or by hym to be paide in the seid so'me shall ne can be conveniently levyed, then upon relation therof unto the Comyssionts, or to asmany of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche psone or psones was taxed and sett, by the Otbes

of hyin or them that shalbe charged w* the levy and payment of that some or somes, the same Comyssionls

shall make a pcepte in suche maro as is aforeseid, for to attache take and arrest the bodye of suche psone or

psones that ought to pay the seid somes, and by this Acte shalbe charged w‘ and for the said some and somes,

and them so taken saufely to kepe in pryson w^in the Shire or other place where any suche psone or psones shalbe taken and attached, thier to remayne w'out Bayle or Mayneprice untill he have paide the same some or somes that suche psones for hymselfe or for any other by this Acte shalbe charged or ought to be charged w*all, and also for the fees of ePy suche Arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche fPcepte, Twenty pence; and that ePy Officer unto whome suche p>cepte shalbe directed, do his true diligence, and execute the same upon ePy psone so beyng indebted, upon payne to forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f for ePy defaulte in that behalfe xx s. ; and that no Keper of any Gayle from his Gaoyle suffer any suche psone to goe at large by lettyng to Bayle, or otherwise to depte out of his pryson before he have paide his seid dett and the seid xx d. for the said Arrest, upon payne to forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f sortie shillingf, and the same Gaoler to pay unto the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f the doble value aswell of the rate whiche the seid psones so ymprisoned was taxed at, as of the seid xx d. for the Fees : And like Fcesse and remedie in like fourme shalbe graunted by the seid ComyssioSs or asmany of them as by the seid Comyssion shalbe therunto appointed, at like information of ev*y psone or psones beyng charged w' any some of

PENN STA'

A.D. 1557-8-

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 1J.

345

S

s

s.

S

s

bi)

1*1

•»n

*i«

m

SB,

iie •* Isa

!■

ski

fa

b:

tl

lb

iki

b

c»

ir

a

!*

ib

it

r

tl

I*

t

i>

i

itl

i*

i?

ti

k

>'

jf

money for any other psone or prones by reason of the seid Subsedie, and not therof paide but wilfully w'drawen, ne the same levyable w'in the lymittf where suche psones were therunto taxed; and yf the some or somes beyng behynde unpaide by any psone or psones as is aforeseid, be levyed and gathered by force of the seid pcesse to be made by the seid ComyssyoBs, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of payment therof the psone or psones so owyng the seid some or somes of money, by pcesse of the same ComyssyoBs to be made as is aforeseid be comyrted to pryson in fourme aboveseid, that then the same Comyssioners whiche shall awarde suche pcesse, shall make Certificat therof in the seid Exchequier of that shalbe don in the phnisses, in the Terme next folowyng after suche some or somes of money so beyng behynde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche psone or psones for none payment of the same comytted to pryson. And yf it happen any of the seid Collecto's to be assigned, or any Maio' Sherif Stewarde Constable the Hedborough Householder Baylif or any other Officer or Mynister or other whatsoeP psone or psones to disobey the seid ComyssioBs or any of them, at the reasonable request to them made by the seid ComyssioBs for execucbn of the seid Comyssion, or yf any of the Officers or other psones, do refuse that to them shall appteyne and belonge to do, by reason of any [Pcepte to hym or them to be directed, or any reasonable Comaundement Instaunce or Request touching the fPmysses, or other Defaulte in any Appearaunce or Colleccbn to make, or yf any psone beyng suspecte or not to be indyfferently taxed as is aforeseid, do refuse to be examyned accordyng to the tenor of this Acte before the seid Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe therunto assigned as is aforeseid, or will not appeare before the same ComyssyoBs upon warnyng to hym made, orels make resystaunce or resques upon any Distresse upon hym to be taken for any pcell of the seid Subsedie, or comytte any Mysbehavyo' in any maB of wise contrary to this Acte, or comytte any wilfull omyssion or other whatsoeB wylfull not doyng or mysdoyng contrary to the teno' of this Acte or Graunte, the same ComyssioBs and ev*y nomber of them above remembred or two of them at the leaste, upon pbable knowlege of any suche Mysdeameno" had by Informacbn or Examynacbn, shall and may sett upon ePy suche Offender for evPy suche Offence in name of a Fine by the same Offendo' to be forfeyted sortie shyllyngf or under, by the discression of the same ComyssyoBs; And further the same ComyssioBs and ePy nomber of them, or two of them at the leaste, shall have auctoritie by this p*sent Acte to ponishe evy suche Offendo' by imprisonment, there to remayne and be delyPed by their discression as shall seme to them convenient, the seid Fynes, yf any suche be, to be certefied by the seid ComyssioBs that so assessed the same into the Kyng and Quenes Ma*f Exchequier, there to be levied and paide by the Collectours of that ptf for the seid Subsedie reto'ned into the seid Exchequier, to be therew1 charged w‘ the payment of the seid Subsedie in suche maB as yf the seid Fynes had byn sett and taxed upon the seid Offendo's for the seid Subsedie.

It is also enacted by the seid auctoritie of this Pliament, That eQy of the seid High Collecto's wH‘ shall accompte for any pte of the seid Subsedie in the seid Exchequier, upon their sepall seid Accomptf to be yelded, shalbe allowed at ev*y of the seid Paymentf of the seid Subsedie, for ev’y pounde lymitted to his Collection wherof any suche Collecto’ shalbe charged and yeld Accompte, sixe pence, as pcell of their Charge; that is to say, of ev*y pounde therof for suche psones as then have had the pticuler Colleccbn in the Townes and other placf as is aforeseid, specified in his Colleccbn two pence, and other two pence of ev*y pounde therof ev*y of the seid chiefe Collecto's there Accomptauntf to reteyne to their owne use for their Labo' and Charge in and abowte the p’misses, and two pence of ev^y pounde residue, to be delyvW allowed and paide by the seid Collecto's so beyng therof allowed to suche of the ComyssyoBs as shall take upon them the busynes and labo' for and abowte the pmysses ; that is to say, ePy Collecto' to pay that ComyssioB or ComyssioBs whiche had the orderyng of the wrytyngf of and for the seid Subsedie where the seid Collecto' or Collecto's had their Colleccbn, for expencf of the seid Comyssioner so takyng upon them the seid Busynes and Labo' of their derkf wrytyng the seid p*ceptf and Estreatf for the seid Collections, the same last ij d. of e9y pounde to be devided amongest the seid ComyssioBs, havyng regarde to their Labo' and Busynes taken by them or their seid Clerkf in and abowte the pmisses; for the whiche pte so to the ComyssioBs attaynyng the seid ComyssyoBs sixe five foure three or asmany of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, and ePy of them joyntly and sev'ally for his and their seid pte, may have his Remedie against the seid Collecto' or Collectours whiche therof byn and might have byn allowed, by Accbn of Dett, in the whiche the Defendaunt shall not wage his Lawe neither ptecc&n neither Injunccbn or other Esson shalbe allowed.

And that no psone now beyng of the nomber of the company of this psent Plyament, nor any ComyssioB, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or psento' of the seid Subsedie, or of any pte therof, nor no ComyssioBs shalbe compelled to make any psentment or Certificat other then in the Kyng and Quenes Ma’f saide Exchequier, of for or concernyng the seid Subsedie or any pte therof, and likewise that none other psone that shalbe named or assigned to be ComyssioBs in any place to and for thexecucbn of this Acte of Subsedie, be or shalbe assigned or named Hed Collecto's of any the paymentf of the seid Subsedie, neither of any pte therof. And that ePy suche psone or psones whiche shalbe named and appoynted as is aforeseid, to be Hed Collecto's of the seid Subsedie, or for any pte therof, and ePy of them, be and shalbe acquired and discharged of all maB fees reward f and of e9y other chargf in the Kyng and Quenes Majesties Exchequier orels where, of them or any of them, by reason of that Colleccbn Paymentf or Accomptf, or any thing concerning the same to be asked; and that yf any psone receyve and take any fees rewardf or pleasures of any suche Accomptaunte, that then he shall forfeyte to the Kyng and Quenes Ma"' for ev'y penny or value of penny so taken, Twenty pence, and suffer ymprisonment at the Kyng and Quenes Majesties Pleasure.

And after the taxyng and sessyng of the seid Subsedie as is aforeseid had and made, and the seid Estreatf therof in pcheament unto the Collectours in maB and so’me before reherced delyPed, the seid ComyssioBs whiche shall take upon them thexecucbn of this Acte w'in the lymittf of their Comyssion, by their agreamentf shall have

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXI.

Allowance to High Collectors 6d. per Pound for themselves. Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

XXII. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, Ac. shall not be Collectors, See.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXIII.

After Assessment, Sec. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several

d

346

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

A.D. 1557-8.

Assessments, with the Names of the Collector*, Fines, See.

SeparateCertirt cates may be made if Commissioners do not all agree;

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts;

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners or Collectors dying shall complete their Duties

Form of the First Certificate where all the Commissioners do not join.

metyng together, at whiche metyng ev’y of the seyd ComyssioSs whiche then shall have taken upon them thexecufbn of any pte of the seid Comyssion, shall by hymselfe or by his sufficient Deputie truely certefie and brynge furthe unto the seid ComyssyoSs named in the seid Comyssion the Certificat and psentment made before hym and suche other Comyssioners as were lymytted w' hym in one lymitt, so that the same Certificat may be accompted and cast w"1 the other Certificatf of the other lymittf w'in the same Comyssion; And then the seid ComyssyoSs and every nomber of them unto two at the leaste as is aforeseid, yf any be in lyfe, or their Executo's or Administratours of their Goods yf they be then dedde, shall joyntly and sev’ally as they were devided w'in their lymittf, under their Seales by their discression, make one or sev’all Wrytyngf indented, conteynyng in hit aswell the Names of the seid Collectours, by the C5missyoSs for suche Colleccbn and Accompte in Thexchequier and payment in the seid Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and sev’all somes wrytten unto ev’y suche Collectour to receyve the seid Subsedie: And also all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeytures, yf any suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w'in the pcyncte and lymitt of their Comyssyon, to be certefied unto the Kyng and Quenes Majesties seid Exchequier by the seid Cdmyssioners; in whiche Wrytyng or Wrytyngf indented so to be certefied, shalbe playnely declared and expressed those and entire some or somes of the seid Subsedie severally lymitted to the Collecfbn of the seid Collectour sev'ally deputed and assigned to the Colleccbn of the seid somes, so that none of the seid Collectours so certefied in the seid Exchequier shall be compelled there to accompte or to be charged but onely to and for the some lymitted to his Colleccbn, and not to or for any some lymitted to the Collecc&n of his fellowe, but that ev’y of them shalbe sev’ally charged for their pte lymitted to their Collecbn: And yf the seid ComyssioSs joyned in one Comyssion amongest themselff in that matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not reddy or refuse to make Certificat w* other of the same ComyssyoSs, that then the same ComyssyoSs may make sev’all Indentures in fourme aforeseid of their sev’all lymittf or sepaebns of Collectours w'in the lymittf of their Comyssion upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf Lathes Rapes or suche other like Divisions w'in their seid sev’all lymittf of their Comyssion as the Placf there shall require to be sev’ed and divided, and as to the same ComyssioSs shall seme good to make Divisions of their lymittf or Collec&ns for the sev’all Chargf of the same Collectours; So that alway one Collectour shalbe charged and accompte for his pte to hym to be lymitted onely by hymselfe and not for any s5me lymitted to the pte of any of his fellowes, and the Chargf of ev’y of the Collectours to be sett and certefied sev’all upon them, and ev’y suche Collectour upon his Accompte and payment of the s5me of Money lymitted w'in his Colleccbn, to be sev’ally by hymselfe acquited and discharged in the seid Exchequier w'out paying any maS Fees or Rewardf to any psone or psones for the same, upon the Payne and Penalty last aboveseid, and not be charged for any Porc&n of any other Collecto': And yf any Comyssioner, after he hathe taken Certificat of them that as is aforeseid shall before any suche Comyssion! be examyned and the somes rated and sett and the Books and Wrytyngf therof beyng in his Hands, or yf any Collectour or other psone charged w' any Receipte of any pte of the seid Subsedie, or any other psone taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged w' and for any pcell of the seid Subsidie or withe any other Somes or Fynes AirJciamentf Penaltie or other Forfeyture, happen to dye, before the Comyssioner Collectour or other whatsoev’ psone or psones have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that whiche to ev’y suche psone shall apperteyne or belonge to do accordyng to this Acte, then thexecutours and Heires of every suche psone, and all other seased of any Lands or Teiitf that any suche psone, beyng charged by this Acte and deceessyng before he be discharged therof, or any other to his use onely had of Estate of inheritaunce, at the tyme that any suche psone was named Comyssion! Collecto' or otherwise charged w1 and for any maS of thyng to be don satisfied or paide by reason of this Acte, and all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods or Cattallf that were to any suche psone at the tyme of his deathe, or any Lands or Teiitf that were the same psones at the tyme he was as is aforesaid charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplishe in ev’y case, as the same psone so beyng charged shulde have don and might have byn compelled to do yf he had byn in playne lyfe, after suche Rate of the Lands and Goods of the seid ComyssioS or Collectour as the ptie shall have in his Hands: And yf the seid ComyssioSs for causes reasonable them movyng shall thynke it not convenyent to joyne in one Certificat, (as is beforeseid,) then the seid psone or psones that shall firste joyne together, or he that shall firste certefie the seid Wrytyng indented (as is aforeseid), shall certefie all the Names of the ComyssioSs of that Comyssion wherupon suche Wrytyngf shalbe there then to be certefied, w,h the Division of the Hundreds Wapentakf Wards Tithyngf or other Placf to and amonge suche ComyssyoSs of the same Comyssion where suche Sepac&ns and Division shalbe, w‘ the grosse somes of Money, aswell of and for the seid Subsedie taxed or sett of or w'in the seid Hundreds Wards Weapontakf or other Placf to hym or them divided or assigned that shall so certefie the seid firste wrytyng, as of Fynes AiSciamentf Penalties or other Forfeytures (if any happen to be) w'in the same lymittf wherof the same wrytyngf shalbe certefied ; and after suche wrytyngf indented, w‘" as is aforeseid shalbe certefied, and not conteyne in hit the hole and full somes set and taxed w'in the lymittf of the same Comyssion, thother ComyssyoSs of the same, before the day of payment of the seid Subsedie, shall certefie into the seid Exchequier, by their wrytyng or wrytyngf indented to be made as is aforeseid, the grosse and sev’all somes sett and taxed w'in the placf to them lymyted for the seid Subsedie, and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfeytures, w* the names of the Hundreds Wards Weapontakf and other placf to them assigned ; orels by their seid wrytyngf indented, to certefie at the seid place before the seid day of payment, suche reasonable causes, for their excuses whye they may not nuke suche Certificatt of and for the seid Subsedie; wcl‘ Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeytures growyng or sett by reason of the causes of their lettf or of their none certefying as is aboveseid, orels in defaulte therof, pcesse to be made out of the Kyng and Quenes Ma'f seid Exchequier against the seid ComyssyoSs and ev’y of them not makytig Certificat as is aforeseid, by the discression of the Treasorer or Barons of the seid Exchequier.

A.D. 1557-8.

4° & 5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

347

h

<»

u

I.

k

«*

it

k

t|

k

.1

I!

I

T

P

P

i

i

I

i

i

P

I

I

I

I

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid, That the Inhabytauntf of the Pishe of Seynt Martyn called Stampforde Baron, in the Suburbes of the Borrough and Towne Staunforde, in the Southe pte of the Water there called Wellande, whiche hereafter shalbe contributory to the payment of this pnt Subsydie graunted to the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successor, shalbe assessed rated & taxed for thys tyme by suche ComyssionJs whiche shalbe appoynted for the taxing rating and sessing of suche Subsedie or Taxe w"'in the Countye of Lincolne; and shalbe for this tyme contributorye and paye the seid Subsidie to the Collecto' or Collecto's whiche shalbe assigned and apoynted for the levying and gathering of the same w' the Aldermen and Burges of the said Borough and Towne of Stampforde.

Provyded alwayes and be yt enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and ePy prone and psones havyng Mano's Londf Tefltf and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payment of the Subsidie g*unted to the Quenes Ma"* by this Acte, and also having Spuall Possessions chargeable to her said Ma'" by the Graunte made by the Clergie of this Realme in this their Convocation, and over this having Substance in Goods and Cattallf chargeable by this said Acte, that then yf any of the said prone or prones be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mano's Lands and TeiUf and Spuall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his or their Goods or Cattallf, that then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Mano’s Londf Tefitf Hereditamentf or Spuall Possessions, or onely for his said Goods and Cattellf, the best therof to be taken for the Quenes Ma"% and not to be charged for bothe or double charged for any of them ; Any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw'stonding.

Provyded alwayes that this G*unte of Subsidie, nor any thing therin conteyned, in any wise cxtende to charge the Inhabitantf or Dwellers win Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or any of them, of or concerning any Mano's Londf Tents or other Possessions Goods Cattellf or other moveable Substance whiche the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or any other to their use, have w'in Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or in any of them; or of for or concernyng any Fees or Wages whiche any of the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Kyng and Quenes Ma", for their attendance and doing service to o' said Sov*aigne Lorde and Ladye in Irelond Jernesey and Garnesey, or in any of them; Any tbyng in this psent Acte to the contrarye in any wise notw'stonding.

Provyded also that this p*sent Acte of Subsidie, ne any thing therin conteyned, extende to any of the Englishe Inhabytantf or Resiantf in any of the Countyes of Northumberlond Cumberlond Westniland the Towne of Berwycke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne and the Bushoprike of Durham, nor to any of them, of for or concernyng any Mano's Londf Tents or other Possessions Goods Cattellf or other movable Substance, whiche the same Inhabytantf or Dwellers, or any other to their use have win the said Countyes of Northuberlond Cumberlond Westniland or the Towne of Barwyke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne or the Busshopryke of Durham, or any of them, or of for and concernyng any Fees or Wages whiche any of the said Inhabytantf or Dwellers have of the Kyng and Quenes Mali" for their attendance and doyng servyce to the Kyng and Quenes Ma"‘ for or w"‘in the said Countyes of Northumberlond Cumberlond Westniland the Towne of Berwyke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne and the Bishoprike of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxing levying gathering or payment; but that the Englishe Inhabitantf and Resiantf and ev*y of them, of the said Countyes Bishopryke and Townes and ev*y of them, shalbe of and from the said Subsidie, and ev*y pcell therof, and for their Mano's Londf Tents Fees Wages Goods and Cattellf lying and being in the said Countyes Townes & Bishoprike or any of them, utterly acquyted and discharged; Any thing in this psent Acte before rehersed to the contrarye notw'stonding.

Provyded also that all Ires Patentf graunted by the Kyng or Quenes Ma% or any of her inoste noble Progenito's, to any Cities Boroughes or Towne-s win this Realme, of any maner Liberties Privileges or Exempcions from the Burden and Charge of any suche G’untf of Subsidies whiche be at this pPsent tyme in force and vaileable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the said Cities Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the Purportes therof, thoghe the Inhabitantf of the same shall upon the grete and weightye consideracon of the Graunte aforesaid be for this Graunte charged and Contributorye, in lyke maner so'me and sorte as other Cities Boroughes and Townes whiche be not in any wise p'vileged, be from suche Graunte of Subsidye excepted.

Provyded allwayes and be yt enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no Orphant or Infant w"'in the age of xxj yere, borne w'in any of the Quenes Ma'1" Domynyons, shalbe charged to any payment of this Subsidye for his or her Goods and Cattellf to hym or her left or bequethed; Any thyng in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notw'stonding.

Provyded also that this Acte, nor any thing therin conteyned, shall extende to the Goods or Lands of any College Hall or Ostell w'in the UniPsities of Oxenforde and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the College of Wynton founded by Bishop Wycombe, or to the Goods or Londf of the College of Eton next Wyndesore, or to the Goods or Lands of any Free Gramer Sconle w'in the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scolemaster or Scoller wn,in the said UnivWies and Colleges, or any of them ther remaynyng for Studye, w'out Fraude or Covyne, or to the Goods and Londf of any Hospitall Measondew or Spittelhouse prepared and used for the SustentaeSn and Reliefs of poore People; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wyse notw'stonding.

XXIV. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford in Lincolnahire.

XXV.

Persons having Lands and Spiritual Pweaiioai, and alto Personal Proper!), shall be charged for Lands Sic. or for Personalty only, according to the highcit Rate, dec.

XXVI.

Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Offices, in Inland, France, Jersey, orGuemsey.

XXVII. Exemption for Englidi Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

XXVIII.

Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

[Sa i VI.]

XXIX.

Exemption for Personalty of Orphant, See.

XXX.

Exemption of Colleges in the Universities,

W inclicster, Eton, See. and Hospitals, Dec.

348

4°&5° Phil. & Mar. c. 11.

A.D. 1557-8.

XXXI.

Within certain Welsh Counties chargeable with Myses, and with Subsidies under i, 3 P. & M. c. 23. Payment of the Subsidies under this Act shall be deferred.

XXXII. Certificate of Expiration of such Myses, dec.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

Provyded also and be yt enacted by thauthoritie aforesaid. That forasmuche as dyv'se and sondry the Kyngf and Quenes Ma"" Ten'ntf and other Inhabytantf and Dwellers w‘in the Countyes of Pembrok Carmarthen Cardygan Glamorgan Breknocke Radno' Mongomery Denbigh Flynte Merioneth Anglesey Carnarvan and of the Countye Palantyne of Chester, be at this present tyme charged and chargeable w,h the sev'all paymentf of dy9se grete somes of Money by the name of Myse, due to their Mall", according to the sev’all Customes of the said Countyes, for the payment wherof dyv’se and sondrye the Gendlmen and other the Inhabytantf be and stonde bounden to their Highnesse, and that also ther doo remayne yet onpayed in dyvW of the said Domynyons and Countye Palantyne the Subsidie graunted to the Kyng and Quenes Ma"": Be yt therfore ordeyned and enacted by thauthorytie aforesaid, That this Acte of Subsidie, or any thing therm conteyned, shall not extende to charge any of the Kyng and Quenes Ten*ntf and other Inhabitantf and Dwellers w^n any of the said Countyes of Penbroke Carnithen Cardygan Glamorgan Breknoke Radno' Mongoniy Denbigh Flynt Meryoneth Anglesey Carnarvan and the Countye Palantyne of Chester, being charged or chargeable w‘ the said Myse, for or in any of the paymentf of the said Subsidie graunted to the Kyng and Quenes Ma'1" by this Acte, until the sePall dayes and tymes apoynted and agreed for the payment of the said Myse shalbe exspired. And lykewyse the dayes and tymes of the said Subsidie lately graunted to o' said Sov^aigne Lorde and Lady be past and exspired ; and that then the payment of the said Subsidie graunted by this present Acte shalbe made at the Recepte of the Kyngf and Quenes Exchequer, before the first daye of Marche next folowing, after the dayes apoynted for the latter payment to be made of the sayd Myses, and also of the payment of the said former Subsidie.

Furthermore be yt enacted by the authorytie aforsaid, That the Ten*ntf and Dwellers of ev*y the said Countyes in this Proviso remembred, shall sev'ally before the Feast of Penthecoste next ensuyng, certyfye in the said Courte of Exchequer under the Seallf of two Justicf of Peace of e$y the said Countyes, wherof one to be of the Quop, when and what daye the last payment of the said sev’all Myses now due in any of the said Countyes shall ende and exspire.

Provided also that the said Graunte of Subsidie, or any other thing therin conteyned doo not in any wise extende to be fpjudiciall or hurtefull to the Inhitauntf or Resiauntf at this p>sent tyme w^in the Five Ports, or to any of their Membres incorpate or unyted to the same Five Ports or to any of the same Five Ports, of or for any pte or pcell of the said somes graunted in this Pliament, of the said Inhitauntf nowe resiant or any of them to be taxed sett asked levied or paide; but the said Inhitauntf and Resiantf in the said Five Ports and their Membres be and shalbe of and from the said Graunte and Payment of the said Subsidie, during their Resiancy there and no longer, clerely acquited and discharged; Any matter or whatsoev1 thing in this fPsent Acte had or made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

CnD of ttje statutes of Sting l&tnlip 9 &ueen fl^arp.

( 340 )

STATUTES OF QUEEN ELIZABETH.

Anno 1° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1558-9.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-fifth Day of January, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

Cjc motulo #arltamentt toe anno regnt etoabetfcc megtne l&ttmo.

In

PARLIAMENT O tento apud Westmonasteriu Vicesimo Quinto die Januarii Anno Regni Serenissime et Excellentissime Dne nostre Elizabethe Dei gratia Anglie Frantie et Hibernie Regine, Fidei Defensoris, Primo; Comuni oim Dnorum tam Spualiu q' Temporaliu et Coitatis assensu ac dee Regie Ma'f turn pntis consensu Sanata Inactata Stabilita et Ordinata fuerunt hec Quadraginta Statuta subsequentia. V2.

(')L—i. An Acte restoring to the Crowne thaucyent Jurisdiction over the State Ecciesiasticall and Spuall and abolyshing all Forreine Power repugnaunt to the same.

11.— a. An Acte for the Uniformitie of Common Prayoure and Dyvyne Service in the Churche and the administration of the Sacramentes.

IIL — 3. An Acte of Recognition of the Quenes Highnes Title to the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme.

IV. — 4. An Acte for the Restitution of the First Fruites and Tenthes and Rentes reserved nomine Decime and of Parsonages Impropriate to thimperiall Crowne of this Realme.

V. — 5. An Acte wherby certayne Offences be made Treason.

VI. — 6. An Acte for thexplanacon of the Statute of Sedytyous Woordes and Rumoures.

VII. — 7. An Acte to revive a Statute made in the xxiij0* yere of the Reigne of King Henrye the Eight touching

the conveieng of Horses Geldinges and Mares into Scotlande.

Vin. — 8. An Acte touching Shoomakers and Corryours.

IX. — 9. An Acte touching Tanners and the selling of Tanned Leather.

X.—10. An Acte that the caryeng of Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides out of the Realme for Marchandyse, shall bee Felonye.

XL—11. An Acte lymiting the tymes for layeng on Lande Marchandise from beyonde the Seas and touching Customes for Sweete Wynes.

XII. —12. An Acte against the deceiptfull using of Lynnen Clothe.

XIII. —13. An Acte for the shipping in Englishe Botomes.

XIV. —14. An Acte for the continuance of the makinge of Woollen Clothe in dyvers Townes in the Cowntic of

Essexe.

1 The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but have been added to denote the Number of the Chapters as now printed. The Old Printed Collections do not contain nu. 36 or 31, which are inserted in Modern Printed Collections as Chapters XIX. and XXII. Nu. 19 and 39 are now first printed as Chapters XXIII. and XXIV. In the Old Printed Collections the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, XX. 40. in the above List, is Chapter XIX. The Act granting the Subsidy of Two Fifteenths and Tenths, Chapter XX. in the Old Collections, XXI. in the Modern, not being noticed in the above List, nor entered on the Roll, is printed from the Original Act in the Parliament Office. The Acts not distinguished by Roman Numerals are merely private, and have never been inserted in any Printed Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margins of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

V01..IV.

di n Go glc

350

1° Eliz. c. 1

A.D. 1558-9.

XV. —15. An Acte that Tymber shall not bee felled to make Coles for the making of Iron.

XVI. —16. An Acte to contynue thacte made against Rebellyous Assembles.

XVn.—17. An Acte for the preservation of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe.

XVin.—18. An Acte for the continuance of certayne Statutes.

XXIII. —19. An Acte wherby the Quenes Highnes is restored in Bloode to the late Quene Anne,

her Highnes Mother, so. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Bloodd of the Lorde John Graye. ai. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloodde of S' James Croftes Knight, aa. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloodde of S' Henrye Gates Knight.

23. An Acte for the Assurance of certayne Landes to the Lorde Wentwoorthe the Lorde Ryche

and the Lorde Darcie of Chechie.

24. An Acte that Garsome Wrothe borne in Germanye shall bee taken and reputed the Quenes

natural 1 borne Subjecte.

25. An Acte to chaunge the nature of Gavell kynde certaine Landes of thinheritance of Thomas Browne and

George Browne Esquiers.

26. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloodd of Robert Rudston Esquire.

27. An Acte declaring the Repeale of thattaindour of the late Cardinall Poole.

28. An Acte for thincorporacbn of Trinitie Hall in Cambridge.

29. An Acte for the Ratificacbn of the Marriage betwene the Duke of Norff and Ladie Margaret nowe his

Wief, and for thassurance of certaine Landes for her Joynture.

30. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloodde of the Children of Edward Lewkeno' Esquire.

XXII.—31. An Acte wherby the Quenes Highnes maye make Ordinaunces and Rules in Churches Collegiate Corporacbns and Scooles.

32. An Acte to revive a faire at Lynne Regis in Norff.

33. An Acte for the making a Chappell in Caermarthen Shiere to be a Pishe Churche.

34. An Acte for thassurance of certaine Landes late pcell of the Bishopriche of Winchestre to dyvers

Patentees of King Edwarde the Syxthe.

35. An Acte for thassises and Sessions for the Cowntie of Staff to bee holden in the Towne of Stafforde.

XIX. —36. An Acte giving aucthoritee to the Quenes Majesde uppon thadvoidance of any Archbishoppriche or

Bishoppriche to take into her handes certeine of the Temporall possessions therof recompensing the same withe Psonages Impropriate and Tenthes.

37. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloodde of the Lorde Dacres of the Sowthe.

38. An Acte for the Restitucbn in Bloodd of Henrye Howarde Jane Howarde and Katheryne Wief to the

Lorde Barckeleye.

XXIV. —39. An Acte to annexe to the Crowne certayne Religious Howses and Monasteries and to refourme certayne

Abuses in Chantreis.

XX. —40. An Acte of a Subsidye of Tonage and Pondage.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte restoring to the Crowne thaucyent Jurisdiction over the State Ecclesiasdcall and Spuall, and abolyshing all Forreine Power repugnaunt to the same.

Statutes made temp. Hen. VIII. against all foreign Jurisdiction, repealed by Sut.

1&2 P.&M. c.8

t

MOST humblie beseshen yo' most excellent Ma,lc yor‘faithefull and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this yor pnte Plament assembled; That where in time of the Raigne of yo' most dere Father of worthie memorie King Henry Theight, divers good Lawes and Statutes were made and established, aswell for thutter extinguishement and putting awaye of all usurped and forraine Powers and Aucthorides out of this yo' Realme and other yo' Highnes Dominions and Countreis, as also for the restoring and uniting to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme thauncient Jurisdiccbns Aucthoritees Superiorities and Preheminencies to the same of Right belonging and appertaining; by reason wherof wee yo' most humble and obedient Subjectes, from the five and twentie Yere of the Reigne of yor said dere Father, were continually kepte in good order, and were disburdened of divers greate and intollerable Charges and Exaccbns before that time unlawfully taken and exacted by suche Forreine Power and Aucthoritee as before that was usurped, untill suche time as all the said good Lawes and Statutes by One Act of PUm1 made in the First and Seconde Yeres of the Raignes of the late King Philipp and Quene Marye, yo' Highness Syster, entituled An Acte repealing al Statutes Articles and Provisions made against the Sea Apostolike of Rome since the twentithe Yere of King Henry Theight, and also for the Establishement of all Spuall and Ecclesiasticall Possessions and Hereditamentes conveied to the Laytie, were all clerely repealed and made voide, as by the same Acte of Repeale more at large doth and maye appeare: By reason of wliiche Acte of Repeale yo' said humble Subjectes were eftesones brought under an usurped Forreine Power and Aucthoritee, and yet doo remaine in that Bondage, to the intollereable Chardges of youre loving Subjectes, yf some redresse by thaucthorite of this yo' Highe Courte of Plament withe thassent of yo' Highnes, bee not had and provided

/I.DA558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 1.

351

Maie it therfore please yor Highnes, for the repressing of the said usurped Forreine Power, and the restoring Recited Stat.

of the Rightes Jurisdiccbii and Preheminences apparteining to The Imperiall Crowne of this yor Realme, That it may & M * *'

be enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Plam1, That the said Acte made in the said First and Seconde Yeres of

the Reignes of the said late King Philipp and Quene Marie, and all and every Branche Clauses and Articles therin

conteyned (other then suche Branches Clauses and Sentences as hereafter shalbe excepted) maye from the last Daye

of this Session of Plament, by aucthoritee of this pnte Plament, be Repealed, and shall from thensforthe be utterly

voide and of none Effecte.

It.

And that also for the reviving of divers of the said good Lawes and Statutes made in the time of yo’ said dere Certain Statute*

Father, It maye also please yor Highnes, that One Acte and Statute made in the three and twentithe yere of the yT-TviII. c.g.

Raigne of the said late King Henrye Theight, entituled, An Acte that no Person shalbe cited out of the Diocese Foi-cign^Ciutio".

where he or she dwellethe, excepte in certayne Cases; And One other Acte made in the xxiiij"1 Yere of the Raigne Appeals to Ron«;

of the said late King, entituled, An Act that Appeales in suche Cases as hathe bene used to be pursued to p’^j^nnnatc*

the Sea of Rome, shall not bee from hensforthe had ne used but within this Realme ; And one other Acte made in the h. VIII. c. 19.

XXVth yere of the said late King (1), concerning Restraint of Payment of Annates and First Fruites of Archebishoprikes j^mtoon

and Bishoprikes to the Sea of Rome; And one other Acte in the said xxv Yere, entituled, An Acte concerning ij ll. VIlPc. so.

the Submission of the Clergie to the Kinges Ma,k; And also one Acte made in the said xxv1" Yere, entituled,

An Acte restraining the Payment of Annates or Firste Fruites to the Bishopp of Rome, and of the electing and *5 H. vill. c.*i.

consecrating of Archebishoppes and Bishoppes within this Realme; And one other Acte made in the said xxv fromRomej

Yere, entituled, An Acte concerning the Exoneration of the Kinges Subjectes from Exactions and Impositions

heretofore paide to the Sea of Rome, and for having Lycenses and Dispensations within this Realme w"'out suing

further for the same; And one other Acte made in the xxvjth Yere of the sayd late King, entituled, An Acte for Ci ,+‘

Nomination and Consecration of Suffraganes within this Realme; And also one other Acte made in the xxviij"1 28 c. 16.

Yere of the Reigne of the said late King, entituled, An Acte for the Release of suche as have obteyned pretended Di*pen*«tipa* j

Lycences and Dispensations from the Sea of Rome; And all and every Branches Wordes and Sentences in the said

severall Actes and Statutes conteyned, by aucthoritee of this pnte Plam' from and att all tymes after the last

Daye of this Session of Plam1, shalbee revived and shall stande and bee in full Force and Strengthe to all Internes

Constructions and Purposes; And that the Branches Sentences and Woordes of the said severall Actes and every of Thc "«} Statutes r 7 extended to the

them, fromthensforthe shall and may be judged denied and taken to extende to yo' Highnes yo* Heires and Queen, her Heirs

Successoures, as fully and lardgelye as ever the same Actes or annye of them did extende to the said late King aml Succcssors-

Henrye Theight yor Highnes Father.

III.

And that it may also please yo' Highnes that it maye bee enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Plam1, That St.jaH.vlIl. c.38. so muche of one Acte or Statute made in the xxxijth Yere of the Reigne of yo' sayd dere Father King Henrye " amended^y*’ Theight, entituled, An Acte concerning Precontractes of Manages, and touching Degrees of Consanguinitee, as in a, 3E.VI. c. 13. the time of the late King Edwarde the Syxthe your Highnes most dere Brother by one other Acte or Statute was not repealed; And also one Acte made in the xxxvij"‘ Yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King Henrye the Eight, VJII.^c. 17. entituled, An Acte that Doctours of the Cyvill Lawe being maried, maye exercise Ecclesiasticall Jurisdictyon, and all revived and and every Branches and Articles in the sayd twoo Actes last mentioned and not repealed in the tyme of the sayd confirmcd-late King Edwarde the Syxte, maye fromhensforthe lykewise stande and bee revived and remayne in their full Force and Strengthe to all Intcntes and Purposes ; Any thing conteyned in the sayd Acte of Repeale before mentioned or any other Matter or Cause to the contrarye notwithestanding.

IV.

And that yt maye also please yo' Highnes that it maye bee further enacted by thaucthoryte aforesaid, That all other ah statute* Lawes and Statutes, and the Branches and Clauses of any Acte or Statute, repealed and made voide by the sayd Acte c g

of Repeale made in the tyme of the said late King Philipp and Quene Marye, and not in this pnt Acte specially and not hereby mentioned and revived, shall stande remaine and bee repealed and void, in suche like Maner and Fourme as they ^'tinue'repealed. were before the making of this Acte; Any thing herein conteined to the contrarye notwithstanding.

V.

And that it may also please yo' Highnes that it maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That one Acte and St. 1 E.VI. c. 1. Statute made in the First Yere of the Reigne of the late King Edwarde the Sixte, yo' MaUl most dere Brother, Altar, revived, entituled, An Acte against suche Psons as shall unreverentlye speake againste the Sacrament of the Bodye and Bloodde of Christ, comonly called the Sacrament of the Aulter, and for the receiving thereof under bothe kindes;

And all and every Branches Clauses and Sentences therein conteined, shall and maye likewise from the last Daye of this Session of Plam1, bee revived and fromthensforthe shall and maye stande remaine and bee in full Force Strengthe and Effecte to all Intentes Constructions and Purposes, in suche like Maner and Fourme as the same was at any time in the First Yere of the Reigne of the said late King Edwarde the Sixte; any Lawe Statute or other Matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VL

And that also yt may please yo' Highnesse that it may be further established and enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, 1 tc t P. Sr M. c. 6. That one Acte and Statute made in the Firste and Seconde Yeres of the said late King Philipp and Quene Marye, h.IV*c.*ij?' entituled, An Acte for the reviving of Three Statutes made for the Punishement of Heresies ; And also the said Three 1 H. V. c^ Statutes mentioned in the sayd Acte and by the same Acte revived, and all and every Branches Articles Clauses ^pded.

1 The Act printed as 23 Hen. VIII. Chap. XX, did not receive the Royal Assent until 2j Hen. VIII. See VeU II. pa. 387. note I.

352

1° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1558-9.

VII. All foreign Spiritual Jurisdiction abolished.

VIII.

All Spiritual Jurisdiction united to the Crown:

Commissioners may be appointed by the Crown to exercise all Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

IX.

Oath of the Supremacy of the Crown, to be taken by Archbishops, Bishops, Judges, and all Ministers and Officers, Spiritual and Temporal.

X.

Penalty on refusing to take the Oath, Loss of Promotion, Office, Sec. and Disability;

and Sentences conteyned in the said severall Actes or Statutes and every of them, shalbe from the last Daye of thys Session of Flam', demed and remaine utterly repealed voide and of none Effecte to all Internes and Purposes; anye Thing in the said severall Actes or any of them conteined, or any other Mater or Cause to the contrarye notwithestanding.

And to thintent that all usurped and forreine Power and Authoritee Spirituall and Temporall may for ever bee derely extinguished and never to be used nor obeied within this Realme or any other yor Mali" Dominions or Coutreis: Maye yt please yo' Highnes that it may be further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no forreine Prynce Pson Prelate State or Potentate Spuall or Temporall shall at any tyme after the last Daye of this Session of flam1, use enjoy or exercise any maner of Power Jurisdiccon Supioritee Aucthorite Preheminence or Privilege Spuall or Ecclesiasticall within this Realme or within any other yo' Ma*" Dominions or Countreis that now be or hereafter shalbee, but fromthensforthe the same shalbee clerely abolished out of this Realme and al other yo' Highnes Dominions for ever; Any Statute Ordinance Custome Constituc&ns or any other Mater or Cause whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And that also yt may lykewise please yo' Highnes that it maye be established and enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That suche Jurisdictions Privileges Superiorities and Preheminences Spuall and Ecclesiasticall, as by any Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Power or Aucthorite hathe heretofore bene or may lawfully be exercised or used for the Visitac&n of the Ecclesiasticall State and Psons, and for Reformac&n Order and Correcc&n of the same and of all maner of Errours Heresies Scismes Abuses Offences Contemptes and Enormities, shall for ever by aucthorite of this pnt Plam’ be united and annexed to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme; And that yor Highnes yor Heires and Successoures Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte by tres Patentes under the Create Seale of Englande, to assigne name and aucthorise when and as often as yo' Highnes yor Heires or Successours shall thinke meete and convenient, and for suche and so long tyme as shall please yor Highnes

yoF Heires or Successo", suche pson or psons being naturall borne Subjectes to yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successo"

as yo' Ma’"' yor Heires or Successoures shall thinke meete, texercise use occupie and execute under yo' Highnes

yo' Heires and Successoures, all manner of Jurisdictions Privileges and Preheminences in any wise touching or

concerning any Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Jurisdiccon within theis yo’ Realmes of Englande and Irelande or any other yo' Highnes Dominions or Countreis, and to visite refourme redres order correcte and amende all such Erroures Heresies Scismes Abuses Offences Contemptes and Enormitees whatsoever, whiche by any maner Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Power Aucthoritee or Jurisdiction can or maye lawfullye bee refourmed ordered redressed corrected restrained or amended, to the Pleasure of Almightye God thencrease of Vertue and the Conservation of the Peace and Unitie of this Realme; And that suche pson or psons so to bee named assigned authorised and appointed by yor Highnes yo' Heires or Successoures, after the said ires Patentes to him or them made and delivered as is aforesaid, shall have full Power and Aucthorite by vertue of this Acte and of the said tres Patentes, under yo' Highnes yor Heires or Successoures, texercise use and execute all the Premisses according to the teno' & effecte of the said tres Patentes; Any Mater or Cause to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And for the better Observac&n and Maintenance of this Act, maye it please yo' Highnes that it maye be further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and every Archebishoppe Bishoppe and all and every other Ecclesiasticall Pson, and other Ecclesiasticall Officer and Minister, of what Estate Dignitie Preheminence or Degree soever he or they bee or shalbee, and all and every Temporall Judge Justicer Mayor and other Laye or Temporall Officer and Minister, and every other pson having yo' Highnes Fee or Wagys within this Realme, or any yo' Highnes Dominions, shall make take and receyve a corporall Othe upon the Evangelist, before suche pson or psons as shall please yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successoures under the Greate Seale of Englande to assigne and name taccepte and take the same, according to the Tenour and Effect hereafter following, that is to say: 1 A. B. doo utterly testifie and declare in my Conscience, that the Quenes Highnes is thonelye supreme Governour of this Realme and of all other her Highnes Dominions and Countreis, aswell in all Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Thinges or Causes as Temporall, and that no forreine Prince Pson Prelate State or Potentate hathe or oughte to have any Jurisdiccon Power Superioritee Preheminence or Aucthoritee Ecclesiasticall or Spuall within this Realme, and therfore I doo utterly renounce and forsake all forraine Jurisdice&ns Powers Supiorities and Aucthorities, and doo promise that fromhensforthe I shall beare Faithe and true Allegiance to the Quenes Highnes her Heires and lawfull Successoures, and to my power shall assist and defende all Jurisdice&ns Preheminences Privileges and Aucthorities granted or belonging to the Quenes Highnes her Heires and Successoures, or united or annexed to Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme: So helpe me God and by the Contentes of this Booke.

And that it may be also enacted, That yf any suche Archebishoppe Bishoppe or other Ecclesiasticall Officer or Minister, or any of the said Temporall Judges Justiciaries or other Leve Officer or Minister, shall pemptorilie or obstinatelie refuse to take or receive the said Othe, that then he so refusing shall forfaite and lose, onely during his lyes, all and every Ecclesiasticall and Spuall Promoc&n Benefice and Office, and every Temporall and Laye Promoc&n and Office whiche he hathe solye at the tyme of suche Refusall made; And that the whole Title Interest and Incumbencye in every suche Promoc&n Benefice and other Office, as against such pson onelye so refusing during his lief, shall clearly cease and bee voide as thoughe the ptie so refusing were deade; And that also all and every suche pson and psons so refusing to take the said Othe shall immediatlie after suche Refusall be fromthensforthe during his lief disabled to reteyne or exercise any Office or other Promoc&n whiche he at the tyme of suche Refusall hathe joyntlye or in comon withe any other pson or psons; And that all and every pson and psons that at any time

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 1.

353

hereafter shall bee preferred promoted or collated to any Archebishoprike or Bishopricke, or to any other Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Benefice Promoebn Dignitie Office or Ministerye, or that shalbc by your Highnes yo' Heires or Successoures preferred or promoted to any Temporal! or Laye Office Ministerye or Service within this Realme or in any yo' Highnes Dominions, before he or they shall take upon him or them to receive use exercise supplye or occupie anye suche Archbishoprick Bishoprick Promotion Dignitie Office Ministerye’or Service, shall likewise make take and receive the said corporall Othe before mentioned upon the Evangelyst, before suche psons as have or shall have aucthoritye tadmitte any suche pson to anye suche Office Ministerye or Service, orells before suche persone or persones as by your Highnes your Heyres or Successoures by Commission under the Create Seale of Englande shalbe named assigned or appoincted to minister the sayd Othe.

And that it maye likewise be further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if anye suche psone or psones as at any tyme hereafter shalbee promoted preferred or collated to any suche Promoebn Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Benefice Office or Ministerye, or that by yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successor shalbe promoted or preferred to any Temporall or Laye Office Ministerye or Service shall and doo peremptorilie and obstinatelie refuse to take the same Othe so to him to bee offredd, that then he or they so refusing shall presentlie be judged disabled in the Lawe to receive take or have the same Promoebn Spuall or Ecclesiasticall, the same Temporall Office Ministerye or Service, within this Realme or anye other yo' Highnes Dominions to all Intentes Constructions and Purposes.

And that yt maie be further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That all and every pson and psons Temporall suing Lyverie or Oustre le maine out of thandes of yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successours, before his or their Lyverie or Oustre le maine sued foorthe and allowed, and every Temporall Pson [and 1 3 Psons dooing any homage to yo' Highnes your Heires or Successoures, or that shalbee received into Service withe yor Highnes yo' Heires or Successoures, shall make take and receive the said corporall Othe before mentioned, before the Lorde Chancello' of Englande or the Lorde Keper of the Create Seale for the tyme being, or before suche pson or psons as by yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successours shalbe named and appointed taccepte or receive the same; And that also all and every pson and psons taking Orders, and all and every other pson and psons whiche shalbe promoted or preferred to any degree of leming in anye Universitie within this yor Realme or Dominions, before he shall receive or take any suche Orders or bee preferred-to any suche degree of learning, shall make take and receive the said Othe by this Acte set foorthe and declared as ys aforesaid, before his or their Ordinarie Chmissarie Chancellour or Vicechauncellour or their sufficient Deputies in the said Universitie.

Provided alwaies and that it maye be further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That if any pson having annye Estate of Inheritance in any Temporall Office or Offices shall hereafter obstinately and pemptorilie refuse taccepte and take the said Othe as is aforesaid, and after at any time during his lyes shall willingly require to take and receive the said Othe, and so doo take and accept the same Othe before any pson or psons that shall have lawfull aucthoritye to to minister the same, that then every such pson imediatlie after he hathe so received the same Othe shalbe vested demed and judged in like estate and possession of the said Office as he was before the said Refusall, and shall and maye use and exercise the sayd Office in suche maner and fourme as he shoulde or might have doon before suche Refusall; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And for the more sure observation of this Acte and thutter extinguishement of all forraine and usurped Power and Aucthoritie, Maye it please yo' Highnes that it maye be further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yf any pson or psons dwelling or inhabiting within this yo' Realme, or in any other yo' Highnes Realmes or" Dominions, of what Estate Dignitie or Degree soever he or they bee, after thendc of thirtie dayes next after the determinacbn of this Session of this pnte Pliam', shall by writing printing teaching preaching expres woordes dede or acte advisedlye maliciouslie and directly affirme holde stande withe set foorthe maintayne or defende Thaucthorite Preheminence Power or Jurisdiccbn Spuall or Ecclesiasticall of any forreine Prince Prelate Pson State or Potentate whatsoever heretofore claimed used or usurped within this Realme or any Dominion or C.ountrey being w'"in or under the Power Dominion or Obeysance of yo' Highnes, or shall advisedlie maliciouslie and directlie put in ure or execute anye thing for thextolling advauncement setting foorthe maintenance or defence of any suche pretended or usurped Jurisdiccbn Power Preheminence or Aucthoritec, or anye parte therof, that then every suche pson and psons so doing and offending their Abettoures Aidoures Procurours and Couseilours, being therof lawfully convicted and attainted according to the due Order and Course of the Comon Lawes of this Realme, for his or their first Offence shall forfeite and lose unto yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successoures, all his and their Gooddes and Cattellcs aswell real! as psonall; And if any suche pson so convicted or attainted shall not have or bee woorthe of his proper Gooddes and Cattels to the Value of Twentye Powndes at the tyme of suche his Conviction or Attainder, that then every suche pson so convicted and attainted over and besides the forfeiture of all his said Gooddes and Cattalles shall have and suffer Imprisonement by the space of one hole yere without Baile or Maineprise; And that also all and every the Benefices Prebendes and other Ecclesiasticall Promocbns and Dignities whatsoever of every Spuall Pson so offending and being attainted, shall imediatlie after suche Attainder be utterly voide to all Inrentes and Purposes as thoughe thincumbent therof were aeade, and that the Patron and Donour of every suche Benefice Prebcnde Spuall Promoebn and Dignitie shall and maye lawfullie present unto the same, or gyve the same in suche maner and fourme as if the sayd Incumbent were deade; And if anye suche Offendo' or Offenders after suche Convicebn or Attainder doo cftesooncs comit or doo the said Offences or any of them in maner and fourme aforesaid, and bee therof duelie convicted and attainted as is aforesaid, that then every suche Offendo' and Offendo" shall for the same Seconde

Oath to be taken

before exercising Office.

Persons refuting to take the Oath on Promotion, ice. declared disabled.

XII.

Persons luing Livery, doing Homage, 4cc. shall take the said Oath;

and Persons taking Orders or Degrees in Universities.

XIII.

Persons having Offices in Fee, &c. taking the Oath, after Refusal, shall be restored.

XIV. Penalty on Persons who by writing, preaching, See. shall maintain any foreign Spiritual Jurisdiction within the Realm:

First Offence, Forfeiture of Goods, kc. and if not worth A'zo. One Year's Imprisonment:

Uenefices of Spiritual Persons to become void:

Second Offence, l’romunire at under St. id R. II. c. j. t

1 or O.

4 X

D

by

354

1° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1558-9.

Third Offence, High Treason.

XV. Limitation of Prosecution for preaching, &c. Half a Year.

XVI.

St. i&zP.»cM. c.8. continued in force as to Premunire.

XVII. Commencement of this Act as to Statutes revived.

XVIII. Peers shall be tried by Peers.

XIX.

No Act of this Parliament shall be deemed He.-esy,&c.

XX. Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall not adjudge Matters to be Heresy, unless so declared according to Scripture, by the first four General Councils, &c. or the Parliament and Convocation.

XXI.

Offences under this Act shall be proved by Two Witnesses, Confronted with the Accused.

XXII. Proviso for Persons aiding or relieving Offenders.

Offence incurre into the Dangers Penalties and Forfeitures ordeined and provided by the Statute of Provision and Preminire made in the xvj"1 yere of the Reigne of King Richarde the Seconde; And if any suche Offendo' or Offendo" at any time after the said seconde Convice&n and Attaindo' doo the thirde time comit and doo the said Offences or any of them in manner and fourme aforesaid, and bee therof duelie convicted and attainted as is aforesaid, that then every suche Offence or Offences shalbee demed and adjudged Highe Treason, and that thoffendour and Offendoures therin being therof lawfully convicted and attainted according to the Lawes of this Realme, shall suffer Paines of Deathe, and other Penalties Forfeitures and Losses, as in Cases of Highe Treason by the Lawes of this Realme.

And also that yt maie likewise please yo' Highnes that it maye be enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no maner of pson or psons shalbe molested or impeached for any thoffences aforesaid comitted or ppetrated onelie by preaching teaching or woordes, onles hee or they be therof lawfullye endicted within the space of one half yere nexte after his or their Offences so comitted; And in case any pson or psons shall fortune to bee imprisoned for any of the said Offences comitted by preaching teaching or woordes onelye, and bee not therof indicted within the Space of one half yere next after his or their suche Offence so comitted and doone, that then the said pson so imprisoned shall be sett at lybertie and bee no longer deteyned in prison for any suche Cause or Offence.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That this Acte or any thing therin conteined shall not in any wise extende to repeale any Clause Matter or Sentence conteined or specified in the said Acte of Repeale made in the said first and seconde yeres of the Reignes of the said late King Philippe and Quene Marye as dothe in any wise touche or conceme anye Matter or Case of Preminire, or that dothe make or ordeine any Matter or Cause to bee within the Case of Preminire, but that the same for so muche onely as toucheth or concemethe any Case or Matter of Preminire, shall stande and remaine in suche force and effecte as the same was before the

making of this Acte ; Any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That this Acte or any thing therin conteined shall not in annye wise extende or be prejudicial! to any pson or psons for any Offence or Offences comitted or doone or hereafter to be comitted or doone contrary to the Tenour and Effecte of anny Acte or Statute nowe revived by this Acte, before thende of xxx,y days next after thende of the Session of this pnt Pliam'; Any thinge in this Acte conteyned or anye other matter or cause to the contrarye notwithestanding.

And if yt happen that anny Peare of this Realme shall fortune to bee endicted of and for anny Offence that ys

revived or made Preminire or Treason by this Acte, that then he so being indicted shall have his Triall by his Peers, in

suche like manner and fourme as in other Cases of Treason hathe been used.

(’) Provided alwais and be it enacted as is aforesaid. That no maner of Order Acte or Determinacbn for annye Matter of Religion or Cause Ecclesiasticall had or made by thaucthorite of this pnt Pliam', shalbe accepted demed interpretate or adjudged at anytime hereafter to be any Erro' Heresie Scisme or Scismaticall Opinion; Any Order Decree Sentence Consticuc&n or Lawe, whatsoever the same bee, to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That suche pson or psons to whom yo' Highnes yor Heires or Successoures shall hereafter, by tres Patentes under the Greate Seale of Englande, give aucthoritie to have or execute any Jurisdice&n Power or Aucthoritie Spuall, or to visite reforme order or correcte any Erroures Heresies Scismes Abuses or Enormities by vertue of this Acte, shall not in any wise have Aucthoritie or Power to order determine or adjudge anny Matter or Cause to bee Heresie but onelye suche as heretofore have been determined ordred or adjudged to bee Heresie by thaucthoritee of the Canonicall Scriptures, or by the first sour generall Councelles, or any of them, or by any other generall Councell wherin the same was declared Heresie by thexpresse and playne woordes of the sayd Canonicall Scriptures, or suche as hereafter shall bee ordredd judged or determined to bee Heresye by the Highe Courte of Parlyament of this Realme withe thassent of the Clergie in their Convocac&n; Any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrary notwithestanding.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That no pson or psons shalbe hereafter indicted or arrained for anny thoffences made ordeined revived or adjudged by this Acte, oneles ther be two sufficient Witnesses or more to testifie and declare the said Offences wherof he shalbe indicted or arraigned ; and that the sayd Witnesses or so many of them as shalbee lyving and within this Realme at the tyme of tharraignement of suche pson so indicted, shalbe brought for the in pson, face to face before the Partie so arraigned, and ther shall testifie and declare what they can saye against the Partie so arraigned, yf he require the same.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf anny pson or psons shall hereafter happen to gyve anny Relief Ayde or Comforte or in any wise be ayding helping or comforting to the pson or psons of any that shall hereafter happen to bee an Offendour in any Matter or Case of Preminire or Treason revived or made by this Acte, that then suche Relyef Ayde or Comforte given, shall not bee judged or taken to bee anny Offence, onelesse ther bee twoo sufficient Witnesses at the least that can and will openly testifie and declare that the pson or psons that so gave suche Relief Aide or Comforte hadd Notice and Knowledge of suche Offence committed and doon by the said Offendour at the tyme of suche Relief Ayde or Comforte so to him gyven or ministred; Anny Thing in this Acte conteined, or any other Matter or Cause to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Four separate Schedules.

Got-

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 1, 2.

355

And where one pretensid Sentence hath heretofore been gyven in the Consistorye in Powles, before certayne Judges Delegate by thaucthorite Legantine of the late Cardinall Poole, by reason of a forreine usurped Power and Aucthoritee, ageynst Richarde Chetwoodde Esquyre and Agnes his Wief, by the Name of Agnes Woodhull, at the Sute of Charles Tyrrell Gentleman, in a Cause of Matrymonye solempnized betwen the said Richarde and Agnes, as by the same pretensed Sentence more playnely dothe appeare; from whiche Sentence the said Richarde and Agnes have appealed to the Courte of Rome, whiche Appeale doth ther remaine and yet ys not determined: Maie it therfore please yor Highnes that it maye be enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That yf Sentence in the

saide Appeale shall happen to be gyven at the said Courte of Rome for and in the Behalf of the said Richarde

and Agnes for the reversing of the said pretensed Sentence, before thende of threeskore Dayes next after thende of this Session of this pnte Pliament, That then the same shalbee judged and taken to be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and shall and maye bee used pleaded and allowed in any Couite or Place within this Realme; Any thing in this Acte or any other Acte or Statute conteined to the contrarye notwythestanding: And yf no Sentence shalbee given at the Courte of Rome in the said Appeale for the reversing of the said pretensed Sentence before thende of the said lx Days, that then yt shall and may bee lawfull for the sayd Richarde and Agnes and either of them at any tyme hereafter to commence take sue and prosecute their sayd Appeale from the said pretensed Sentence, and for the reversing of the said pretensed Sentence, within this Realme, in suche like Maner and Fourme as was used to bee pursued or might have been pursued within this Realme at any tyme since the xxiiijlh Yere of the Reigne of the sayd late Kyng Henrye Theight, upon [anye1] Sentences gyven in the Courte or Courtes of any Archebishoppe within this Realme; And that suche Appeale as so hereafter shalbee taken or pursued by the sayd Richarde Chetwoodd and Agnes or eyther of them, and the Sentence that herein or therupon shall hereafter bee gyven, shalbee judged to bee good and effectuall in the Lawe to all Intentes and Purposes; Any Lawe Costume Usage Canon Constitucon or any other Matter or Cause to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided also and bee yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That where ther ys the lyke Appeale nowe depending in the said Courte of Rome, betwen one Robert Harcourt Marchant of the Staple, and Elizabethe Harcourte, otherwise called Elizabethe Robins, of thone pcie, and Anthony Fydell Marchant Stranger on thother ptie, that

the said Robert Elizabethe and Anthonye and every of them, shall and may for the prosecuting and tryeng of

their said Appeale have and enjoy the lyke Remedye Benefite and Advantage, in like Manner and Fourme as the sayd Richard and Agnes or anie of them hathe maye or ought to have and enjoye; This Acte or anny thing therin conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the Uniformitie of Common Prayoure and Dyvyne Service in the Churche, and the Administration

of the Sacramentes.

WHERE at the Deathe of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte, there remayned one uniforme Order of Common Service and Prayour, and of thadministracon of Sacramentes Rites and Ceremonies in the Churche of Englande, whiche was setfurthe in one Booke, entituled The Booke of Common Prayour and Administracon of Sacramentes and other Rites and Ceremonies in the Churche of Englande, authorized by Acte of Pliament holden in the Fifthe and Sixthe Yeres of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Edwarde the Syxthe, intituled An Acte for thuniformitee of Comon Prayour and Administrac&n of the Sacramentes; the whiche was repealed and taken away by Acte of Pliament in the First Yere of the Raigne of our late Sovereigne Ladye Quene Marie, to the greate Decaye of the due Honour of God and discomforte to the Professoures of the Truthe of Christes Religion: Be it therfore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That the said Estatute of Repcale and everye thinge therin conteyned, onely concerning the sayd Booke and the Service Administration of Sacramentes Rites and Ceremonies conteyned or appointed in or by the said Booke, shalbee voide and of none effecte from and after, the Feast of the Nativitye of S* John Baptist next coming; and that the sayd Booke withe Thorder of Service and of the Administracon of Sacramentes Rytes and Ceremonies withe Thalteracon and Additions therin added and appointed by this Estatute, shall stande and bee from and after the sayd Feaste of the Natyvitce of Sainte John Baptiste in full force and effecte according to the tenoure and effecte of this Estatute; Annye thing in the aforesaid Statute of Repeale to the contrarye notwithestanding.

And further be it enacted by the Quenes Highnes withe thassent of [the Lordes ’] and Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, and by aucthoritie of the same, That all and singler Mynysters in any Cathedrall or Pishe Churche or other Place within this Realme of Englande Wales and the Marches of the same, or other the Quenes Dominions, shall from and after the Feast of the Nativitc of S1 John Baptyst next coming, bee bownden to saye and use the Mattens Evensong Celebracbn of the Lordes Supper and Administration of eche of the Sacramentes and all their Comon and open Prayour, in suche Order and Fourme as is mentioned in the said Booke so authorised

1 0. omits.

* So also in Original Act. The Lords Spiritual did not agree. See D’Ewes’s Parliamentary Journal, and f IV. of this Act.

XXIII. Proviso for an Appeal by Chetwood and Wife, from a Sentence of Cardinal Pole, on their Marriage.

XXIV.

Like Proviso for Harcourt and Wife.

The Book of Common Prayer authorized by St. 5 & 6 E. VI. c. I. rc pealed by St. t Mary, st. a. c. a.

The said Act I Mary, st. a. c. a. repealed, and the said Book of Common Prayer, as altered by this Act, confirmed.

II.

Ministers shall perform Service according to the said Book

356

1° Eliz. c.2.

A.D. 1558-9.

Alteration! by Pliant' in the said Fifthe and Sixthe Yere of the Reigne of King Edwarde the Sixthe, withe one Alteracftn or

made therein t Addition of certayne Lessons to bee used on every Sundaye in the Yere, and the fourme of the Letanie altered

and corrected, and twoo Sentences onelye added in the delyverye of the Sacrament to the Comunicantes, and none Penalty upon other or otherwise: And that yf any maner of Psone Vycar or other whatsoever Minister that ought or should to^auch Common s'nE or saye Comon Prayour mentioned in the sayd Booke, or minister the Sacramentes, from and after the Feaste

Prayer, or usin^ any of the Nativitee of S' John Baptist nexte coming, refuse to use the said Comon Prayers or to ministre the

SrcTin°Derogation' Sacrametf in suche Cathedrall or Parishe Churche or other Places as he should use to minister the same, in

thereof! suche Order and Fourme as they be mentioned and set furthe in the sayd Booke, or shall wilfullye or obstinately

(standing in the same) use any other Ryte Ceremonye Order Fourme or Manner of celebrating of the Lordes Supper openly or prively, or Martens Evensong Administrac&n of the Sacramentes or other open Prayers then ys mentioned and set furthe in the sayd Booke, (Open Prayer in and throughout this Acte is ment that Prayer whiche ys for other to come unto, or heare either in Comon Churches or [ Pryvye ’ ] Chappelles or Oratories, comonlye called the Service of the Churche,) or shall preache declare or speake any thing in the derogation or depraving of the sayd Booke or any thing therin conteyned or of any parte therof, and shalbee therof lawfully convicted according to

First Offence, Forfeiture of one Year’s Profit of Benefices, and Six Months’ Imprisonment ; Second Offence, One Year's Imprisonment and Deprivation;

Third Offence, Deprivation and Imprisonment for Life

if not beneficed, First Offence, Imprisonment for One Year ; Second Offence, for Life.

the Lawes of this Realme, by verdicte of twelve Men, or by his owne Confession, or by the notorious Evidence of the Facte, shall lose and forfeite to the Quenes Highncs her Heires and Successoures for his first Offence, the Profite of all his Spuall Benefices or Promoc&ns coming or arising in one hole yere next after [ his1 ] Convice&n; And also that the pson so convicted shall for the same Offence suffer Imprisonenient by the Space of sixe Monethes without Bayle or Mayneprise: And yf any such psone once convicte of anye Offence concerning the Premisses shall after the first Conviccbn eftesoones offende and bee therof in fourme aforesaid lawfully convicte, that then the same pson shall for his seconde Offence suffer Imprisonement by the Space of one hole yere, and also shall therefore bee deprived ipso facto of all his Spuall Promocbns; and that it shalbe lawfull to all Patrones or Donors of all and singler the same Spirituall Promocbns or of any of them, to present or collate to the same, as thoughe the pson and psons so offending were deade: And that yf anye suche persone or persones after he shall bee twise convicted in Fourme aforesaid shall offende against anye of the Premisses the thirdde tyme, and shalbee therof in fourme aforesayd lawfully convicted, that then the pson so offending and convicted the thirdde tyme shall be depryved ipso facto of all his Spirituall Promotyons, and also shall suffer imprysonement during his Lyes: And yf the pson that shall offende and bee [convicted J ] in fourme aforesaid, concerning anye of the premisses, shall nor bee beneficed nor have any Spuall Promotion, that then the same persone so offending and convicte, shall for the first offence suffer Imprisonement during one hole yere nexte after his said Conviction without Baile or Maineprise; and if any suche psone not having any Spuall Proinotyon, after his first Conviction, shall eftesoones offende in any thing concerning the premisses, and shalbe in fourme aforesaid therof lawfully convicted, that then the same pson shall for his seconde offence suffer Imprisonement during his lyes.

HI.

Penalty on Persons depraving, &c. the Common Prayer by Songs, Speech, &c. or causing any other Form to be used in Churches, or interrupting any Minister

First Offence, too Marks;

Second Offence, 400 Marks i

Third Offence, Forfeiture of Goods and Imprisonment for Life 5

on Non-payment of Fines on First and Second Offences, Imprisonment for Six and Twelve Months.

And it is ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritee abovesayd, That yf any psone or psones whatsoever after the said feaste of the Nativitie of S' John Baptyst next coming, shall in anye Entreludes Playes Songes Rymes or by other open Woordes, declare or speake anye thing in the derogation depraving or despising of the same Booke, or of any thing therin conteyned, or any parte therof, or shall by open facte deede or by open threateninges compell or cause or otherwise procure or mayntayne any Psone Vicare or other Minister in any Cathedrall or Parrishe Churche or in Chapell or in any other Place, to sing or say any comon or open Prayer, or to minister any Sacrament, otherwise or in any other ma9 and fourme then ys mentioned in the said Book, or that by any of the said Meanes shall unlawfully interrupte or let any Parsone Vicare or other Minister in anye Cathedrall or Parishe Churche Chappell or any other place to sing or saye common and open Praiour, or to minister the Sacramentes or any of them, in suche maner and fourme as ys mentioned in the sayd Booke, that then every suche psone being therof lawfully convicted in fourme abovesaid, shall forfeit to the Quene our Sovereigne Ladie her heires and successoures, for the first Offence a Hundrethe Marckcs; and yf any pson or psones being once convicte of any suche Offence, eftsones offende against any of the last resited Offences, and shall in fourme aforesaid be therof lawfullye convicte, that then the same pson so offending and convicte shall for the seconde Offence forfeite to the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye her Heires and Successoures sour Hundrethe Marckes: And yf any persone after he in fourme aforesayd shall have been twyse convicte of anny Offence concerning any of the last recited Offences, shall offende the thirdd tyme and bee therof in fourme abovesayd lawfully convicte, that then every person so offending and convicte shall for his thirdd Offence forfeyte to our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene all his Gooddes and Cattelles, and shall suffer Imprisonement during his Lyes; And yf any pson or psons that for his first Offence concerning the Premisses shall bee convicte in fourme aforesaid, doo not paye the some to bee payde by vertue of his Conviction, in suche Maner and Fourme as the same ought to bee payde, within sixe Weekes next after his Conviction, That then every parson so convicte and so not paieng the same, shall for the same first Offence in stede of the sayd some suffer Imprisonement by the space of sixe Monethes without Bayle or Maineprise; And yf any psone or psons that for his seconde Offence concerning the Premisses, shalbee convicte in fourme aforesayd, doo not paye the said some to bee payde by vertue of his Conviction and this Estatute in suche Maner and Fourme as the same ought to bee payde withein sixe Weekes next after his sayd seconde Conviction, that then every pson so convicted and not so payeng the same, shall for the same seconde Offence in the stede of the sayd some suffer Imprisonement during twelve Monethes without Baile or Maineprise: And that from and after the sayd Feast of the Natyvitee of S’ John Baptist nexte c5ming, all and every pson and psons inhabiting within this Realme or any other the Quenes Ma""

’ pryvjte 0.

‘ this 0.

J convicte 0.

•r r ml- * g- m-

J* /W/ j£l» I. Cf*iU ttrtHbnu"

VZ/z/r/// <>ZfZ/* * ' Zr/~ / (/ >Z/jsrZz/Z Z//sr^/farI/I.

To f*rr fmfr JM , Vo! W »Z th, ShtlMlrl.

I

tl

it

11

M

k

It

i

a

k

0

II

F

I

I

t

i

"V& @0> (*ttO^»UcSt ^©WtlAAAJAAt O&b^t /Vc£ tVAAA/VtoU AH

oCdUH^ewFutGe G^t^oxSit, SsnfHAtt. AHb^m^waaL0M^Co*HCM« in ffcto (irtim&ib £<uu uuuyt ©v

cnffifo fiAMt Mi*u tiut|t 6 uioyctfytn ha- #i* ontly Gj^GiG^o^t yptlgfib CJ& ©p^HOuihUt'ptov&tH.U c*t> jtcbnu, {e*va&>l« V« aaa$ ouv (VtA^Wb H©f ©Atotf^ © rpt©mbt &*£■ off? 6 yvijivtU au&ftyt -fov/vo au& oki /wioG^te ^o* ©AM/ Hi-©prtUTj^V4.^f A+ib =vAVO^fe SotffcUwfHt. CtMjb JaSgC AA«9 CluUU AAAt^Tto TtUJAAi ©Vty V*

|t>X fvou "fto jjribt cuV^" ^dC^t 'Vwft £Wv pLoAAt- to-So*vU< ©^ ©avv T<vitt6 ©mv g}t*t4jGl •^‘ctKtfie la*An« oaa&yia^i!*

f?igtv cgk uotfvu^- fyfyvt ffo ju£Ut&6 -fyi OWV ^>AAtot« tmi aaia£ ©x ©AMjff fewAtbt* £© *veu fnAOC

UStiXg A*^ A^W^ HA yAAVUU ©j* ©AAV jAVftA *f>H& Ot/fUOifyL OtW HVOW^t* ‘frtt&vd AAa9 tOAV^fl ft fit fvtHJt

{£in b£of ^ on& ©Atv &>cu,ni\*yu cCafyi o*8\W/\}l%y/t 9<bt aa& oftHcf&mUU fit 6j>

(-2am) 16 of ($0 M&qtalakvu AM& C&foGtO ©p ©AAV morf Utjffpwtt OA<S e©btuupa Ctigt-^AW

AAA& CVaUaA© ,J2^ ^6 lAAjfttyt A4t9 9i|t*.H9tb AAib t©M4t ©^ ^tTJfilobk lC^A^©|i'

U^afiu Of? GamjCam?^ AAA- AAA^ Go/VOftftJOtUiCt^ pbljfOM CM&fyvikg of ^fiob^fc GwV^aI^, ^© Rt ^©eOtl O^Elv

©M/KJ»g©AirA^«©AAf£l OM&yVH&L ftU^Ci ©V 041^©^CV«: t(£6, taOKHU AA» %upi*6L

°f$* T?t*OMU/Wi^t a&£«aah©mv« pSfc« ^vjma^©« Wufa&fot^t+UjSk&M a*& ^L^mmtAAtt« Go wwt

Gi&Htp+uf A-yyitGiyHnuf coxi ou9 jja£8u 'ixg^wtX^ 'ueJSz^azz^ ttUvtiX^ ioaaS- AAA©op^©iA6t5> —

/W^OAli AAAAUytb a« AAtSr GxMj^iUtr^ & OJtH mGGa^IA C©AA|Jvntt»H« AA& yvnr^ojtA A« |oAvt/WUt MV

f*$ ^fiwf'AuivyL ifu^F ©v WA*> Ca6£ €WaxV ^©X^I^all« CBi©^ta-,©jt aaa- && CHaUau

0w«3^t &2{&v d€(Xngi tgmt- ^Htt m^t °f ^ tti^- ©^©X^lb

W©^H©tU^tt^tV' tymgL ftUjPE. &H&iUib 26f£ WHtMAAAAA^ ©f2 ^M^t« ^Alt^t#

© AOtb(|t(W in ^t^-AAtp txio^ Ctotvtu of {£i* QtA&iU MJyUXjt Caw(t« /Wtt^©X^AAt©(F»5M>iK

Ott^itu^'©u^iu€w tt-puJiAv^- tjhfci* ©f^? nPiaZmt ©^ ^AAgfouSbae ^tt©n6© toAijCutab

ynvyawym-Mv ^jv rrv*^ vu- i/mwnv ^ vm<vw|^vv k^w ^C' ! "^,r^ ^ H

(Jl ^AAAAt. ^o’ ^Gn6t ugj© tjr€6t AAA^ [ltttt|jA©A1 0« a|©U|ai£ ^ gtt- AH AAt9 to g©' £uj£Hte (U4^UU« ©f ^© b©^t

to 6*it ^©^Bh ^©A0U?t©wt^ AM&'AH^t/nj^oCt om9a^ tViu^Jflact ^ nianu oh9- ^uamt a« Si^>u 2*

mwu£»>©aU# ^fctCtt^-©! OAid-^a^AiGo mof€ au^j^iu^H^/wa-jU^AAAf ©u^ fffte ©AAt^titt* ah

|9©^ht<u« ttou-< 9o© uvact out Att©|T£cvi^rcm9 ^wwA^tt ^t^tioupoaG^ JXgfwi*t!j*€'irimagi

j)6iaji {glfami H©€om.^,t fetttpfl ^16 ouv |cub fYttojHt{©nS BwCA^pout -pzoMufte ^at/wii attoiiing- € ©icWue

ffa&cM&/\vi& (ItUibi ^»{|^ a*®'Siflndi goToi&WMcL cu& ^UiL6 0^© itogl to fu. ^15©^?6umj A«b Qwtnt* ©^to1*{A(A«At Aiv^Ai^ It^TLe an^ €^&6 in an$-to ^t [cu.9^wptuAiE. t|^€d p&ul CuhvhIoaiS ^gmfouva^/ ^mj5« <$«<© afafit (grtne to ^a^Aio^opOHr 'pofflBk ^©«vtt« aii^iiH ■(© |^>6^t ©mi Quibu a»&y>chu

MOMApTaC M3£<x€fol'toly tf&ecuv^l ga^tafifinrpfi 6

jvHOtiilLruxt&b fy^aurffyufu ^u/^ct^a€‘ftjivt® *{t 9tt&.ioton ton^pon cm^> ^tto^iton

ajabf G^l2g/uu(aJ^y) aaa^ fotfavataw of ^b [ittt/fum of ^tJfw^UAtv^Ctovu«^©p^6^G^»tttA6©Mtb amV> to«to«MtS ♦*t^t/rt*b cu£b ma9t AAv^b jcu9 -j^bt cua9 ^nf^fc °F ©p^t'pj9'UA©pTru>0&.y&^U- jlcutSt &u.

cH&itHuiy/AVt -^jL oZ(\M)t ofjfyi* OFtafttU fev tbtV/Cj2(i&tf^A&&t^nU*^u&xyimtn&t 0^9 9tutt* ^abb wabb Sit^bbb 'piitfCijpS aav9 ^©V©AAAAt^-t9 oaa9 «v0|2 <vjbutgL of lvtv£ €£&uf? JUdtG, C&zantgt moJSEti

Ovj$puyla>ttGipU& Au9t#yjUfft$ nvcuvgt cuUG ov a*d ©^o^uvttvin^ (V6 Ctbto an^ ^5 xtpAAntjuAufT touGia^gi cv'Stzoja&igst & ©aav (c^UMkr&on ^ttCaatoM OAi9 Ttt©^>AAt©Ai ©b (o cwgjt, yozUi ox jxvitt&-(£tvof ov

CO nfvaagt't'to ■JgttA^iat©ti o^b jluttjfon o^iJm^tviaK. Cl*v*vt t|BA^6|^i^ an^Mv©9b -?itib

*&/Lyot °f of<gij(fefiHZ»£t^A^-o^tAAt^b (3J, /Yo£cc&ftl*Uv yctvto, ov

oMA^o%\-&t j<uAvd ©v ^bdM ^a99 ©^ Avwa9b fpxtiSttpo4£ivvty' >©^9t AAv^of’n©nb iffitGi

<Uj2 f[utl oaa9 *aa^pA O^Abb^b^> caaa9 fpuiTaw |?dvpb(ua^ ©£^Ah©av d€yjo fygftyxo/VoifZ- anb

yCtajiUt, aA yffyfmt fftS-Hility ^uai uux»t Skt&vbS ffcfbv^t, y>*#Gjp& o? jn©Hu^V

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 2

357

Dominions, shall diligentlye and faithefully, having no lawfull or reasonable Excuse to be absent, endevour themselves to resorte to theyr Pishe Churche or Chappell accustomed, or upon reasonable let therof to some usual) place wher Comon Prayer and suche Service of God shalbee used in suche tyme of lett, upon every Sondaye and other dayes ordeined and used to bee kept as Holy days, and then and ther tabyde orderlye and soberly during the tyme of the Comon Prayer Preachinges or other Service of God ther to be used and ministred; upon payne of punishement by the Censures of the Churche, and also upon payne that every pson so offending shall forfeite for every suche offence twelve pens, to be levied by the Churchewardens of the Pishe where suche offence shalbee doon, to thuse of the Poore of the same Parishe, of the Gooddes Landes and Tenementes of suche Offendour by waye of Distresse.

And for due execuc&n hereof the Quenes most Excellent Ma"* the Lordes Temporall and all the Comons in this pnt Pliam' assembled, doothe in Goddes name earnestly requyre and chardge all the Archbishoppes Bishopes and other Ordinaries, that they shall endevour themselves to the uttermost of their knowledges that the due and true execuc&n hereof may be hadde througheout their Diocesse and Charges, as they will aunswer before God for suche evilles and plages wherewithe Almighty God maye justly punishe his People for neglecting this good (') holesome Lawe; And for their aucthoritee in this behalfe, bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, that all and singler the same Archebishopes Bishopes and all other their Officers exercysing Ecclesiasticall Jurisdiccon, as well in place exempt as not exempte within their Diocesse, shall have full powre and aucthoritee by this Acte to refourme correcte and punishe by Censures of the Churche, all and singler psons whiche shall offende within any their Jurisdice&ns or [Diocesse *] after the said Feast of the Nativitee of S' John Baptist nexte comming, against this Acte and Statute; Anye, other Lawe Statute Privilege Lybertie or Provision heretofore made had or suffred to the contrary notwithestanding.

And it is ordeined and enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and every Justices of Oyer and Determiner or Justices of Assise shall have full power and aucthorite in every of their open and generall Sessions, tcnquire here and determine al and al maner of Offences that shalbe comited or doone contrarie to any Article conteined in this pnte Acte within the limites of the Comission to them directed, and to make processe for thexecucon of the same, as they maye doo againste any person being indited before them of trespas or lawfully convicted therof.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and every Archebishope and Bishope shall or maie at al time and times at his lybertie and pleasure, joyne and associate himself by vertue of this Acte to the said Justices of Oier and Determiner, or to the said Justices of Assise at every the said open and generall Sessions to be holden in any place within his Diocesse for and (1) thinquirie hearing and determining of the offences aforesaid.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That the Bookes concerning the sayd Services shall at the Costes and Chardges of the Pishioners of every Pishe and Cathedrall Churche, bee attained and gotten before the said Feast of the Nativitee of S' John Baptist next folowing; and that al suche [ Pishe' ] and Cathedrall Churches or other Places where the said Bookes shall bee attayned and gotten before the said Feast of the Nativitie of S' John Baptist, shall within Three Wekes next after the sayd Bookes so attained and gotten, use the said Service and put the same in ure according to this Acte.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons shalbe at any tyme hereafter empeached or otherwise molested of or for any the offences above mentioned hereafter to bee committed or doone contrarye to this Acte, onles he or they so offending be therof indited at the next generall Sessions to be holden before any suche Justices of Oyer and Determiner or Justices of Assise next after any Offence comitted or doone contrary to the tenour of this Acte.

Provided alwaies and be it ordeined and enacted by the thaucthorite aforesaid, That al and singler Lordes of the Pliament for the thirdd offence above mentioned shalbee tryedd by their Peers.

Provided also and bee it ordeined and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Maior of London and al other Maiors Bailiefes and other Heade Officers of al and singler Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate within this Realme Wales and the Marches of the same, to the whiche Justices of Assise doo not cdmonly repaire, shall have full power and aucthorite by vertue of this Acte tenquire here and determine the Offences abovesaid and every of them, yerely within fiftene days after the feast of Easter and S' Mighell the Archangell, in lyke maner and fourmc as Justices of Assise and Oyer and Determiner maye doo.

Provided alwaies and be yt ordeyned and enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That al and singler Archebishopes and Bishoppes and every their Chancelloures Comissaries Archedeacons and other Ordinaries having any peculiar Ecclesiasticall Jurisdiccon, shal have ful power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte, aswell tenquire in their Visitac&n Synodes and elswher within their Jurisdice&n, at any other tyme and place, to take occasions and informations of all and every the thinges above mentioned doone comitted or perpetrated within the limites of their jurisdice&ns and aucthoritie, and to punish the same by Admonition Excommunication Sequestration or Deprivation and other Censures and Processe in lyke fourme as heretofore hathe bene used in lyke cases by the Quenes Ecclesiasticall Lawes.

All Persons thill duly retort to Church, on Pain of Spiritual Censure and is. to the Poor.

IV.

The Archbishopi, See. required to enforce thit Act, and empowered to to do by Spiritual Centum.

V.

Justicei of Assize, See. may determine Offencct.

VI.

Bithopt may attociate with tucli Justices.

VII.

Parishioners shall provide Prayer Bookt in Churches, Ike

VIM. Limitation of Prosecution.

IX.

Peert shall be tried by Peert.

X.

Chief Officers of Corporation! may determine Offences.

XL

Saving for Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of Ordinaries, Sec.

1 and 0.

* Diocesse* O.

‘ to O.

• Pishes 0.

Voe.IV.

358

1° Eliz. c. 2, 3

XII. Offender* shall not be subject to double Punishment.

XIII. Ornaments of the Church and Rites and Ceremonies may be regulated by the Queen and her Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

XIV.

All former Laws at to Divine Service repealed.

The Queen's Title to the Crown according to Stat.

35 H. VIII. c. i.

The said Title recognized, &c.

A.D. 1558-9.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted, That whatsoever pson offending in the Premisses, shall for thoffence first receive punishement of Thordinarie, having a testimonial! therof under the said Ordinaries Seale, shall not for the same Offence eftsoones be convicted before the Justices; And lykewise receyving for the said [Offence firste' ] punishement by the Justices, he shall not for the same Offence eftesoones receive punishement of the Ordinarie; Any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted, That suche Ornamentes of the Churche and of the Ministers therof shall bee reteyned and bee in use as was in the Churche of Englande by aucthorite of Pliam* in the seconde yere of the Reigne of King Edwarde the Syxthe, untill other order shalbe therin taken b) thaucthorite of the Quenes MaUe, withe the advise of her Comissioners appointed and aucthorised under the Greate Seale of Englande for [Ecclesiasdcall Causes,*] or of the Metropolytan of this Realme; And also that yf ther shall happen any Contempte or Irreverence to be used in the Ceremonies or Rites of the Churche by the misusing of thorders appointed in this Booke, the Queenes Ma"' maye by the like advice of the said Comissioners or Metropolitan ordeyne and publishe suche further Ceremonies or Rites as maye bee most for thadvancement of Goddes glorye, the edifieng of his Church and the due Reverence of Christes holye Misteries and Sacramentes.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That all Lawes Statutes and Ordinances, wherin or whereby any other Service Administration of Sacramentes or Common Prayer ys lymytted established or sett foorthe to bee used within this Realme or any other the Quenes Dominions or Cowntreis, shall from hensfoorthe be utterly voyde and of none effecte.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte of Recognition of the Quenes Highnes Title to the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme.

AS there ys nothing under God (most dreade Soveraigne Ladye wherin wee yor most Humble faithfull and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, have maye or ought to have more cause to rejoyce then in this onely that it hathe pleased God of his mercifull providence and goodnes towardes us and this our Realme, not onely to provide but also to preserve and kepe for us and our wealthes yor Royall Majestie our most rightfull and Lawfull Sovereigne leige Ladye and Quene most happely to Reigne over us for the whiche wee doo give and yelde unto him from the bottomes of our hartes our humble thanckes laudes and praises; Even so ther ys nothing that we yor said subjectes for our parties can may or ought towardes yo' Highnes more firmely entierly and assuredly in the puritie of our hartes thinke or withe our mowthes declare and confesse to bee trewe then that yor Ma"‘ our sayd Sovereigne Ladye ys and in verye dede and of most meere right ought to bee by the Lawes of God and the Lawes and statutes of this Realme our most rightfull and lawfull Sovereigne leige Ladie and Quene; And that yor Highnes ys rightlye lynyallye and lawfully discended and come of the Bloodd royall of this Realme of Englande in and to whose princely person and theires of yo' bodye lawfully to bee begotten after youe without all doubte ambiguitee scruple or question thimperiall and Royall

estate place crowne and dignitie of this Readme withe all honnours stiles titles dignities Regalities Jurisdic£ttns

and preheminences to the same nowe belonging and apperteyning arre and shalbee most fully rightfully really and entierly invested and incorporated united and annexed as rightfully and lawfully to all internes construccSns and

Purposes as the same were in the said late King Henrye theight or in the late King Edwarde the Syxte yo'

Highnes Brother, or in the late Quene Marye yo' Highnes Syster at anye tyme since thacte of pi am1 made in the xxxv,h yere of the reigne of yo' said most noble father king Henrye theight, Entituled, An Acte concerning

thestablishement of the Kinges Majesties Succession in the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme: For whiche Cawses

Wee yo' said most Loving faithfull and obedient Subjectes representing the three estates of yor Realme of Englande as theronto constreined By the lawe of God and Man, excepte Wee shoulde over muche forget our duties to yo' Highnes and to theires of yo' Bodye lawfully begotten can no lesse doo But most humblye beseche yo' Highnes That by thauthoritee of this pnte Pliament It maye bee enacted established and declared That wee do Recognise acknowlege and confesse the same yor estate right tytle and succession as ys aforesaid to bee in and to yor Highnes

and theires of yo' bodye to bee begotten thoroweoutly and in the whole and in every parte therof in suche maner

and fourme as before ys mentyoned declared or confessed and therunto most humblye and faithfully Wee submit our selfes our heires and posterities for ever: And further doo make our most harty and humble [petycionJ] unto yor Highnes That it maye please the same not onelye taccepte this our said Recognition but also our faithefull promises that Wee according to our duties shall and will stande tassiste and defende yo' Royall Maut and theires of yor bodye to bee begotten being Kings and Quenes of this Realme and yo' said rightes and titles in and to the said Imperiall estate place Crowne and dignitie in all things therto belonging at all tymes to thuttermost of our possible powers and therin to spende our bodyes landes and goodes against all persons whatsoever that anye thing shall attempte to the contrarye.

1 first Offence O. 1 Causes Ecclesiasdcall O.

5 petitions 0.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 2, 3.

359

And that it maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd That aswell this our declaration confession and Recognif6n as also the Lymitacttn and declarac&n of the Succession of the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme

mentioned and conteined in the said acte made in the said fyve and Thirtye yere of the Reigne of yor sayd most

noble father shall stande bee and remayne the Lawe of this Realme for ever: And that all Sentences Judgementes and Decrees hadd made declared setforthe published and promulged and also asmuche of every Clause Article

Branche matter or thinge conteyned and expressed in anye actes or acte of Pliament as bee in any thing repungnant

contrarye or derogatorye to this our sayd confession declaracbn and Recognif&n or to any parte or parcell therof or contrarye to the sayd Lymytac&n of the succession of the Imperiall Crowne established and made by the sayd Acte in the sayd Thirtye five yeare of the Reigne of the sayd late King Henrye theight By whatsoever power or aucthoride the same been or have been hadd or made shalbee utterlye frustrate voyde and of none effecte And also shall and maye bee Cancelled defaced and put in perpetuall oblyvion at yo' Highnes Will and Pleasure, as yf the same had never been hadd made declared setfoorthe publishedd or promulged.

1J.

Thu Recognition and the Limitation of the Crown under St.jj H.VIII. c. I. declared perpetual all Sentences, Ac. to the contrary declared void.

CHAPTER IV.

Am Acte for the Restitution of the First Fruites, and Tenthes and Rentes reserved Nomine Decime, and of Parsonages Impropriate, to Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme.

IN theire moste humble wyse besechen your most excellent Ma"% your faithfull and humble Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this yo' Realme in this pnt Pliament assembled, That where in the Pliam' of yo' most noble father of femouse Memorye King Henry theight, holden at Westminster upon Prorogation the thirde daye of November in the xxvj,h yere of his prosperouse Reigne, it was enacted ordeyned and established by thaucthoritee of the same Pliament, amonges other Things, that his Highnes his heires and successours Kinges of this Realme, shoulde have and enjoy from time to tyme tendure for ever, of every suche pson and psons whiche at any tyme after the firste daye of Januarye then next ensuyng shoulde bee nominated elected prefected presented collated or by. any other meanes appointed to have anye Archebishopprike Bishoprike Abbacy Monasterye Pryorye Colledge Hospital! Archedeaconrye Deanrye Provostshippe Prebende Parsonage Vicaredge Chantrye Free Chappell or other Dignitie Benefice Office or Promotion Spuall within this Realme, or elsewhere within any of the Kinges Domynyons, of what name nature or qualitie soever they were, or to whose Fowndacon Patronage or Gifte soever they did belong, the First Fruites Revenues and Profittes for one yere of every suche Archebyshoprike Bishoprike Abbacye Monasterye Priorye Colledge Hospitall Archdeaconrie Deanrye Provostshippe Prebende Parsonage Vicarage Chauntrye Free Chappell or other Dignitie Benefice Office or PromocSn Spuall aforenamed, wheronto any suche pson or psones shoulde after the sayd first day of Januarye bee nominated elected prefected presented collated or by any other meanes appoyncted; And that every suche psone and psons before any actuall or reall possession, or medling withe the profites of any suche Archebishoprick Bishoprick Abbacye Monasterie Colledge Hospitall Deanrye Provostshippe Prebende Parsonage Vicarage Chanterye Free Chappell Pryorye or other Dignitie Benefice Office or Promotion Spuall shoulde satisfie content and paye, or compownde or agree to paye to the Kinges use at reasonable dayes uppon goodd Suerties the sayd First Fruites and Profites for one yere : And it was further enacted by aucthoritee aforesaid, that the First Fruites of Benfices before that tyme accustomed to be payde to the Bishopp of Norwiche 'within his Diocesse, and to the Archedeacon of Richemonde within his Archedeaconrye, or any other pson or psons within this Realme or any other the Kinges Dominions, should from the said first daye of Januarye cease and bee extincte and no lenger bee payde; but onelye to the Kinges Highnes his heires & successoures, in suche fourme as ys before mentyoned: And further yt was enacted by aucthoritee aforesayd, that the Kinges Ma"* his heires and successoures, for more Augmentation &i Maintenance of the Royall Estate of his Imperiall Crowne, shoulde yerely have take enjoye and receyve, united and knitt to his Imperiall Crowne for ever, one yerely Rent or Pentyon amownting to the valewe of the Tenthe parte of all the Revenues Rentes Fermes Tythes Offringes Emolumentes and of all other Profites aswell called Spuall as Temporall apperteining or belonging, or that from thensfoorthe shoulde belong to any Archebishoprick Bishoprike Abbacye Monasterye Pryorye Archedeaconrye Deanrye Hospitall Colledge House Collegiate Prebende Cathedrall Churche Collegiate Churche Conventuall Churche Parsonage Vicarage Chantrye Free Chappell or other Benefice or Promotyon Spuall, of what Name Nature or Qualitee soever they were, w^in any Diocesse of this Realme or in Wales, the said Pention or Annuall Rent to be yerely payde for ever to the sayd late King his Heires and Successoures at the Feast of the Nativitee of our Lorde God, and the first paiment therof to begiiie at the Feast of the Natyvite of our Lorde God whiche should bee in the yere of our Lorde God [One1 ] thowsande fyve hundrethe thirtye and fyve, and to bee payd yerely by suche as shoulde bee appointed to have the Collectyon therof before the first daye of Aprill next following after the said Feast of the Nativite of our Lorde God ; as in the said Acte more playnelye yt dothe appeare: And where also one other Acte was made and established in the sayd Parliament the said syxe and' twentye yere, that no Fermour of Spuall psons shoulde bee compelled or chardged to pay for their Lessours First Fruites or yerely Pention for the Tenthe granted unto the Kinges Highnes notwithstanding any Covenante Contracte Bond or other thinge made to the contrary ; as by the same Acte more playnelye appeareth : And where also at one other Session of the same Pliam’ holden by Prorogac&n at Westminster in the twentye and seventhe yere of the Raigne of yo' said Father, one other Acte was made and established, that the Kinges Spuall Subjectes shoulde bee deducted and allowed of the Tenthe of

Recital of Statute 16 H.VIII. c.3. $l.

granting to the King First Fruita of Spiritual Promotion!;

§ J. abolishing all other First Fruit!;

f 8. granting to the King the annual Tenth of all Spiritual Promotion!;

St.a6H.VIII. c.i7. for Lessee! of the Clergy;

27 H. VIII. c.8. exempting the First Year from Tenths;

360

1° Eliz. c. 4.

A.D. 1558-9.

i

a8 H. VIII. c.ii. Commencement of First Fruits, &c. j

3* H. VIII. c. 22. regulating the Tayment of Tenths)

3z H. VIII. c.4j. erecting the Court of First Fruits, &c.)

3a H. VIII. c. 47-charging the Bishop of Norwich;

34.35H.VIII.c2. for charging Collectors, &c.

34,3SH.Vin. c.r7. Payment of Tenths of new Bishopric ks;

37H.VIII.c2t.§3. First Fruits, &c. of United Churches;

2,3 Edw.VI. c. 20. alleviating Penalty-on Default in Payment of Tenths;

7 Edw. VI. c. 4. Collectors of Tenths;

1 Mary, st. 2. c. 10. empowering the Queen to dissolve, Dec. Court of First Fruits, &c.

The said Court dissolved by Letters Patent 23, 24 Jan.

I Mary, and united to the Court of Exchequer.

their Spuall Promotions for that firste yere for whiche they shoulde paye the First Fruites; as in the same Acte also more at lardge appearethe: And where also in one other PI am' of the sayd late King holden at Westminster in the xxviij,h yere of his Raigne, amongest other thinges it was enacted and ordeyned, that the yere in whiche the First Fruites of every Benefice and Spuall Promotion shoulde be payde, shoulde begine and bee accowmpted immediatlie after thadvoydaunce therof; And that the Tithes Comodities Revenues Casualties and Profiles therof (Chantreys onelye except) in the tyme of Vacatyon shoulde belong and afterr to the next Incumbent towardes the payment of the First Fruites; as by the same Acte more at lardge appearethe: And where also in one other Pliam* holden upon Prorogation at Westminster in the xxxij yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King, one Acte was made and established that Bishoppes upon their accomptes of a..d for the said yerelye Tenthe shoulde bee dischardged by their Othes of payment of suche some or somes of Moneye of the said Annuall Rent or Tenthe as they coulde not laufully levye, and also an Order appointed howe the King should be aunswered of the Tenthe of any Benefice and Spuall Promotyon omitted in the originall or former Certificate of Benefices and Spuall Promotyons made in the Exchequer; as by the same Acte last mentioned more at lardge appearethe: And where also in the same Sessyon and Parlyament holden in the sayd twoo and thirtye yere of the Raigne of your Highnes sayd noble Father, and by thaucthorite of the same Parlyament, one Courte was erected established and made for the better aunswering of the sayd First Fruites and Tenthes unto the King, called the Courte of First Fruites and Tenthes ; as in the same Acte of erection therof more fully appearethe: And where also in the same Session and Plant* one other Acte was made, wherby the Byshoppe of Norwiche for the time being, (being before that dischardged from the Collection of the Tenthe within his Diocesse,) should be charged and chardgeable for ever for and withe the Collection of the same Tenthe wthin his Diocesse, and make payin' therof as other Bishopes shoulde or ought to doo within their Dyocesse ; as by the same Acte more playnely appearethe : And where also in one other Pliam* of the sayd late King holden at Westminster upon Prorogation in the four and thirtye yere of his Raigne one Acte was established and made concerning Collectours and Receyvers to make payment of their Receiptes within three Monethes next after the same shoulde be due and payde to the Kinges use, under certayne penalties therin expressed ; as by the same Acte more at lardge appearethe; And where also in the same Session and Pliam* it was enacted and established, that the newe erected Bishopes of Chester Glocester Peterboroughe Bristoll Oxforde and their Successoures for ever should paye their Tenthes reserved upon their letters Pattentes or theyr severall ereccons onelye in the said Courte of the First Fruites and Tenthes for ever; as by the same Acte more at large appearethe: And where also in the Parlyament of the sayd late King holden at Westmynster in the seven and thirtye yere of his Raigne, one Acte, entituled An Acte for the Unyon of Churches not exceding the valewe of syxe pownde, was established and made, wherin is conteyned a saving to the King of the First Fruites and Tenthes of all Churches and Chappels not exceding the value of syxe pownde, that then were or fromthensfoorthe shoulde bee united and consolidate in one; as in the same Acte and Saving more largelye appearethe: And where also in the Pliam* of yor Highness derest Brother of worthye memorye King Edwarde the Syxte, holden att Westminster upon Prorogation in the seconde yere of his Raigne, one Acte was made, that by the Certificate of the Bishope of anye Dyocesse within this Realme or any of the Dominions of the same, of [Recusances'] or Nonepayinent of any Tenthe of any Benefice or Spuall Promotyon, Thincumbent shoulde lesse but the Benefice or Promotyon onely; as by the same Acte more playnelye appearethe: And where also in one other Pliam* of the said late King Edwarde holden at Westminster in the seventhe yere of his Raigne, one Acte was made and established, declaring howe and in what sorte the Under Collectours of the Tenthe in every Diocesse appointed by the Bishope shoulde be bownde to dischardge the Bishopes of that Collecc&n, and a longer daye given for the Payment of the Tenthe, and howe the King shoulde be answered of the Tenthe for the tyme of Vacation of every Benefice and Spuall Promotion, and that the Pattentes of the Collecc&n of Tenthe shoulde bee good onelye during thincumbencies of the Grantors; as in the same Acte more at large ys conteyned: And where also in the Seconde Session of Pliam* of our late Sovereigne Ladye Quene Marye, yo* Ma'ie‘ derest Syster, holden at Westminster in the First yere of her Raigne, one Acte was made and established, wherby full power and aucthoritee was gyven and appointed unto her Highnes at her Will and Pleasure, to alter chaunge unite transpose dissolve or determyne aswell the said Courte of First Fruites and Tenthes as the Courte of Augmentations of the Revenues of the Kynges Crowne and other Courtes therin expressed, and to reduce the same Courtes or any of them into one twoo or moe Courte or Courtes, or to unite and annexe the said Courtes or anye twoo or moe of them together, or to anye other of her Ma"" Courtes of Recordes, as to her yt should be thought most convenient and best for the better suer and more spedye answering of her yerely Revenues Casualties and Profites then answerable in the sayd Courtes or anye of them; as in the same Acte more at large is expressed : By vigour and aucthoritee of whiche Acte the sayd late Quene by her Graces sour several letters patentes, wherof twoo beare Date the xxiij Daye of Januarye in the firste yere of her Reigne, and thother twoo the xxiiij"* Daye of Januarye in the same yere, dyd not onely dissolve determyne and extinguishe the said Courtes comonly called and entituled The Courte of Thauguientacons and Revenues of the Kinges Crowne and the Courte of the First Fruites and Tenthes and the Jurisdiccbn and Aucthorite therof, But also dyd unyte transpose and annexe the sayd Courtes of Augmentations and Revenues of the Kinges Crowne and of the First Fruites and Tenthes so dissolved, to the (*) Courte of Thexchequer, ther to continue and bee as a member and percell of the same Courte of Thexchequer j and dyd appoynte all and singuler the Revenues Casualties Profites and Hereditamentes then answerable in the sayd Courtes to Thorder Rule Surveye and Governance of the said Courte of Thexchequer, ther to bee answered and accowmpted for ever, in suche Order Manner and Fourme as in the sayd latter letters Patentes and in twoo Scedules unto the sayd letters Patentes annexed ys mentioned and declared; as by the tenour and purporte of the sayd letters Patentes and Scedules signed withe her Highnes hande more playnlye maye appeare; By reason of all whiche said Premisses

1 Recusance 0.

8 saide 0.

A.D. 1558-9.

]° Eliz. c. 4.

361

not onelye the sayd perpetuall Revenues of the First Fruites and Tenthes granted by the sayd Acte in the xxvj,h The "id Fim yere of the Raigne of yo' Highnes most noble Father, in Augmentation and Maintenance of the Crowne of this Realme, but also the Tenthes or yerelye Rentes reserved Nomine decime by anye Letters Patentes of yo' sayd Noble Exchequw

Father sithen the sayd xxvj yere of his Raygne, and of yo' sayd dearest Brother and Syster or of any of them, *CC°r °g7'

made to any Bishoppe and his Successoures or to any Cathedrall Churche Dean and Chapter Colledge or any other Ecdesiasticall and Spuall person or persons or Corporac&ns and their Successoures for ever, And also all and every the Rentes Revenues Issues and Profites of all and singuler Rectories Personages and Benefices Impropriate,

Glebelandes Tithes Oblationes Pentiones Portions and other Profites and Emolumentes Ecdesiasticall and Spuall to

the same belonging, being in thandes and possession of yo' sayd derest Syster at the said xxiiij,h Daye of Januarye,

were ordered answerable and accompted for in the said Courte of Thexchequer, and were therin well and justly

answered and payde unto her Highnes use and Behouse j like as the same had been unto the said twoo Noble

Kinges her said Father and Brother, by the space of twentye yeres without Grief or Contradicf&n of the Prelates

and Clergie of this Realme, to the great Ayde Relief and Supportation of thinestimable Chardges of the Crowne of

this Realme, whiche dayly since the tyme of the making of the sayd first Acte have encreased and growen more

and more: Whiche thing althoughe the sayd late Quene might and did manifestlye feele and perceyve to bee most Im|oliticReptal

true, yet she upon certaine zealous and inconvenient respectes not sufficientlie nor politikely inoughe waieng that by Statute

Matter, nor having dewe Consideration and Regarde to the mayntenance and upholding and good continuance of *> J * M. c. 4.

the State of Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme in Succession, whiche reither neded an Augmentation then any

Diminution, procured and willed an Acte of Pliam* to bee made and provided in the seconde and thirde yeres of

the Reigne of King Philippe her late Husbonde and her, that all paymentes of the said First Fruites shoulde

fromthensforthe cease and be clerely extincte and determined for ever; And that aswell all the said Benefices

and Spuall Promoc&ns, as the Possessoures Owners and Incumbentes therof and their Successours, should from and

after theight daye of August in the said seconde and thirde yeres and so fromthensforthe at all times for ever bee

clerely exonerate acquired and dischardged against the said late King Philipe and Quene Marye her Heires and

Successoures of and from the payment and paymentes of all and every the sayd First Fruites, in as ample and large

Manner and Fourme as they were before the making of the sayd Acte of the first and originall Grant therof in

the said xxvj"' yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King yo' Noble Father, and as thoughe the same had never

bene hadd ne made: And further, that neither the said perpetuall Pention Annuall Rent or Tenthe granted by the andAp^lication

said first Acte of the xxvj0* yere of the said Noble King Henrye, Nor also the said severall Annuall Rentes or to other Purposes,

Tenthes reserved Nomine decime, by and upon the said severall ires Patentes of the said late King and Quene made Ca^Lj'pole'&c*

to Spuall psons and Corporations as ys aforesaid or any of them, from and after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell

then last past should any more bee payde or payable unto the said late King Philippe and Quene Marye her Heires

or Successoures, but that aswell all the said Archebishoprickes Bishoprickes and other Benefices Dignities Deanes

and Chapters Colledges Corporac&ns and Spuall Promoc&ns aforesaid, as also the Possessours Owners Proprietaries

and Incumbentes of the same and their Successoures, from and after the said Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell,

shoulde bee clerely exonerate acquited and dischardged of and from the payment therof against them and Theires

and Successours of the same late Quene for ever: And furthermore that the said late King Philippe and Quene

Marye her Heires or Successo™, from and after the said Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell, shoulde not receive

perceyve take and enjoy anny the Issues Revenues Profites or Comodities of the said Rectories Parsonages Benefices

Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Pentions Portions and other Profites and Emolumentes Ecclesiastical! and Spuall

aforesaid or of any of them, or of the Revertion or Reverc&ns of them or of any of them; But in and by the

said Acte the same late Kyng and Quene clerely gave over renounced and relinquished, aswell the said Rectories

Parsonages Benefices Glebelandes Tithes Oblac&ns Penc&ns Porc&ns and other Profites and Emolumentes Ecdesiasticall

and Spuall aforesaid and every of them, and the Reverc&n and Reverc&ns of them and every of them, and all

their Right Title Use Interest and Demaunde of in or to the same, from them, and Theires and Successours of the

said late Quene for ever, as also the said perpetuall Penc&n Annuall Rent and Tenthe, and also the said yerely

Rents reserved Note decime upon the said severall Ires Patentes and all their Right Title and Interest wd‘

they or either of them or Theires or Successoures of the said late Quene had or mought have hadd in or to

the same; The same Yerely Penc&n Tenthes Yerely Rentes Personages Emolumentes and Profites to be

perceived taken receyved cownted employed used and disposed by the late Reverend Father in God Reignold

Poole late Cardinall and Legate, and suche other psons as he should name and appointe, and suche other as

been specially limited in the said Acte, to and for certayn Uses Purposes and Internes mentioned in the same Acte,

with divers Provisions and a Saving in the same expressed and conteyned, as by the same more at lardge appearethe:

Wee yo'said humble and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and [the1] Comons in this yo' jinte R«*°n* for

Plem1 assembled, calling to our remembrance the huge innumerable and inestimable Charges of the Roiall Estate FimTniiu'ind

and Imperyall Crowne of this Realme, and howe the same ys lefte unto yo' Ma'" at this yo' first Entrye theronto Tenths to the

greatly diminished, aswell by reason of the said Acte made in the sayd seconde and thirde yere of the sayd Kyng Philippe "

and Quene Marye as otherwise, Doo conceyve at the botome of our Hartes greate sorrowe and hevinesse, as

Subjectes carefull for their naturdll and liege Sovereigne Ladye, upon whom dependethe the Suretie Wolrdlie Joye

and Wealthe of us all; and being no less affected towardes yor Ma'" most Roiall pson, and the Preservation and

Maintenance of the same, and of thestate and succession of yor Ma‘" said Crowne, then were the first Grantours

of the said First Fruites and Tenthes towardes yo' Highnes most noble Father and his said Roiall Estate, at the

time of their said Grante to him therof made, doo accowmpte of verye right and good Congruence, no lesse then

our most bownden Dutie to move yo' Highnes, and therew"' most humblie to beseche the same, that the greate

1 O. omits.

4 Z

362

1° Eliz. c.4.

A.D. 155S-9.

St.2,3P.&M. c. 4. repealed.

Fir»t Fruits revived and re-vetted in the Crown.

SuchTenths, Rents, Benefices, he. as were in the Hands of Queen Mary, re-vested in the Crown.

Such First Fruits and Tenths to be under Survey of the Exchequer.

All recited Acts made before a, 3 P. & M. for Payment, &c. of First Fruits and Tenths, except those erecting the Court, revived.

All Advowsons,&c. restored to the Crown.

U.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

III.

Pensions, Corodies, &c. shall be paid at the Exchequer.

Disherison and Decaye comitted and doone to the Crowne and Estate Royall of this yor Realme and the Succession therof, by reason of the said Acte made in the said Seconde and Thirde yeres of the Reigne of the said King Philippe and Quene Marye, maye at this Plem* be reformed and avoided ; and that w'h yo' Highnes Favour and Roiall Assent, It maye bee enacted ordeined established and provided by aucthorite of this pnte Plem* in maner and fourme hereafter ensuyng, that ys to saye: That the said Acte made in the Seconde and Thirde yeres of the Reigne of the said late King Philippe and Quene Marie, and all Articles Clauses and Sentences therin conteined, shalbee from and after the firste daye of this pnte Plem1 utterly and clerely repealed made voide and of no force ne effecte ; and all authorities and liberties granted lymited and appointed in and by the said Acte to the said late Cardynall Poole, or made or deryved by Force Strengthe or Coulour of the same Acte by or from the said late Cardynall to anny other Person or Psons Bodies Politick or Corporate, to cease and bee utterly voyde and determyned; And that the said First Fruites and all Paimentes therof, from and after the said first daye of this Parliament shalbe revived and have their being and continuance againe, and bee demed and adjudged to all Intentes Construccons and Purposes in the Quenes Highnes most Royall Person her Heires and Successo", and united and annexed to Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme, of and in suche lyke and the same Estate Interest Title Qualitee Sorte Degree and Condiebn, and in as ample and beneficiall maner and fourme, as the same was or were in the pson or possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the said eight daye of August, in the said Acte of Extinguishement mentioned and expressed ; the same Acte of Extinguishement or any ires Patentes or any other Matter or Thing had done or suffred by the said late Quene to the contrary therof in any wyse notwithstanding : And also that aswell so muche of the sayd ppetuall and annuall Tenthe and Pentyon granted by the said Acte made in the said xxvj,h yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henrye theight, as also so muche of the said yerely Rentes reserved upon the said severall Letters Patentes Nomine decime, and also so manye of the said Rectories Psonagf and Benefices Impropriate Glebe Landes Tythes Oblations Pentions Portions and other Profittes and Emolumentes Ecclesiasticall and Spirituall aforesaid, and the Revertion and Revertions therof, and all Rentes Emolumentes and Profittes incident to the same, as were in thandes and possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the said eight daye of August, shall from the feast of S‘ Mighell Tharchangel last past, be vested adjudged and demed actuallye and really in the seasine and possession of our sayd Sovereigne Ladye Quene Elizabeth, her Heires and Successoures, to all Intentes Construccons and Purposes, of and in suche lyke and the same Estate Interest Order Degree Qualite Sorte and Condition, and as iullye holelye largely and beneficiallye, as the same were in the seasyne and possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the same eight daye of August: And that aswell the said First Fruites and Tenthes and the Order therof, as also the said annuall Rentes reserved Nomine decime, and the said Rectories Personages Benefices Glebe Landes Tithes Oblations Pentions Portions and other Profittes and Emoluments Ecclesiasticall and Spyrituall aforesayd, and every of them, and the Revertion and Revertions of them, and of all Rentes and Profittes unto the same or any of them incident or belonging, shalbee within the said Order Surveye Rule and Governance of the said Courte of Thexchequer, in every Degree Sorte and Condic&n as they were at and before the said viij°* daye of August, the said Acte made in the said seconde and thyrde yeres or any other matter or thing to the contrarye therof notwithestanding: And that so muche of all and every the said Actes and Statutes first recited, or of any other Acte or Statute touching or concerning thorder levieng trewe answering and payment or qualificac&n of the said First Fruites and Tenthes, and of the said Rectories Personages and Benefices Impropriate, and of the Rentes Revenues Emolumentes and Profittes therof, and of all other the Premisses, and also the Chardge Dischardge or Alteration of them, or any of them, or any matter or thing in any wise sounding or tending therunto, whiche were standing and being in

force effecte and unrepealed at and before the said viij'h daye of August, (excepte onely the said Actes of the

Erections of the Courtes of Augmentations and First Fruites and Tenthes,) shalbe remayne and continue in their full and perfit strengthes and forces, and be observed and put in due execution according to the tenoures and purportes of the same and of every of them: And that the Quenes Ma'1', her Heires and Successoures, by aucthorytee of this pnt Pliam', shall from the (’) first daye of this pnt Pliam1, have holde possede and enjoy for ever Thadvousons Gyftes and Patronages of all Vicareges belonging or incident to any of the said Rectories and Psonages Impropriate, in the same Sorte Qualite Condiccon and Degree to all Intentes and Purposes as the same were in the pson and

possession of the said late Quene Marye at and before the said viij,h daye of August: Any Thing or Acte done

by the same late Cardinall, or any Grante or Grantes by Ires Patentes made by the said late Quene Marye of the said Advowsons and Patronages, or any of them, to any Ecclesiasticall or Spuall Pson or Psons, or any Spuall Corporac&n, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Saving to all and every Pson and Psons Bodies Politike and Corporate, and their Heires Executo" Successo" and Assignes, and every of them, other then suche psons as be mentioned and named in any tres Patentes made by the said Quene Marye the said eight daye of August, or at any time sithens, or clayming onely by or under thaucthorite and Strengthe of the same Acte or ires Patentes, or any of them, all suche Right Title Interest Estate Offices Leases Grantes Annuitees Penc&ns Fees Corrodies Rentes and other yerelye Profittes and Comodities, as they or any of them ought or shoulde have had perceived or enjoyed of in or by reason of any the Psonages Rectories or of any other the Premisses, in case the said former Acte now repelled and this pnt Acte of Repeale had never bene had ne made; Any thing in the same Actes or either of them conteined or sounding to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That from and after the said feast of S* Mighell Tharchangel last past, and so fromthensforthe from tyme to tyme, the said Pentions Annuitees Corrodies Rentes Fees and other yerely Paimentes shalbe paide and payable onely by our said Sovereigne Ladye, her Heires and Successoures, at the

1 saide O.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 4.

363

Receipte of Thexchcquer, or in suche other places as the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successoures shall appointe, to all and every pson and psons that ought to have and enjoy the same in suche sorte order and fourme as the same shoulde or ought to have bene payde and paiable in cace the said Acte nowe repealed had never bene hadd ne made; Any thing therin orels in this Acte conteyned to the contrary therof in any wyse notwithestanding.

And be it further enacted by aucthorite aforesayd, That all and singler Incumbentes Proprietories Tenantes Fermours Leassees and Occupiours of the Premisses, or any parte therof, their Heires Executours and Assignes, whiche the said first daye of this pnt Pliam' were behinde or in any Arreragies of and withe the Rentes Fermes Tenthes or other Revenues Profittes or Duties by them or any of them due and paiable for or by reason of the Premisses, or any of them, shall and maye bee by thaucthorite of this Acte severally chargeable accomptable and aunswerable to the Quenes Ma'", her Heires and Successoures, in and at the said Courte of Thexchequer, of and for the same Arrerages and Duties as other Accomptantes bene and shalbee in the same Courte; Any thing in the said Acte nowe repealed in this Acte or any other matter or cause to the contrarye therof in any wise notwithestanding.

And yet nevertheles the Quenes most excellent Ma’* at thumble request of her said Subjectes, of her habundant Grace and Bountefulnes is pleased and contented, that it be enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and singler Vicarages not exceding the yerely value of tenne poundes, after the rate and value upon the Recordes and Bookes of the Rates and Values for the First Fruites and Tenthes nowe remaining in Thexchequer, or that shall hereafter come and remaine in the same Courte, and also all and singler Parsonages not exceding the yerely Value of Tenne Marckes after the lyke Rate and Valuac&n, and Thincumbentes therof and every of them, theyre Executoures Administratoures Successoures and Sureties and every of them, from the said Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungel last past, shall bee free and clerely dischardged and acquited for ever against the Quenes Ma"c her Heires and Successoures of and from the said First Fruites; Any thing in the said Acte of First Fruites and Tenthes made in the said said syxe and twentye yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henrye Theight, or in this Acte of Repeale, or any other Acte or Actes before recited to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

PnoviDED alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any Incumbent of any suche Promotyon Spuall as is aforesaid chardged or chardgeable to the paiment of the said First Fruites happen to lyve to thende of one half yere next after the last avoydance of the same Promotion Spuall, so as he hathe receyved or without Fraude or Covin might lawfully have received or enjoyed the Rentes or Profittes of that halfe yere, and before thende of thother half yere then next following, shall happen to dye or to be lawfully evicted removed or put from the said Promotion Spuall, by Judgment in any Acc&n at the Comen Lawe without Fraude or Covin, That then every suche Incumbent his Heires Executoures Administratoures and Suerties shalbee chardged and chargeable but onely withe the Fourthe Parte of the First Fruites due to bee paide for suche his Promotion and withe no more of the said First Fruites; Any thing in this Acte conteined or any Bonde or Writing to be made for the payment of the said First Fruites, or any other Matter or Cause to the contrary notwithestanding: And if it shall happen any suche Incumbent to lyve by the Space of one holl yere next after the last advoidance of the same Promocon Spuall, and after, before thende of one half yere then next following shall fortune to dye, or to bee

lawfullye evicted removed or put from the said Promoc&n Spuall, by Judgement in any Accon at the C5mon

Lawe without Fraude or Covyn, That then everye suche Incumbent his Heires Executoures Administratoures and Suretes shalbee chardged and chardgeable but onely withe the Moitee and one half of the First Fruites due to be paide for such his Promotion Spuall, and withe no more of the same First Fruites; Any thing in this Acte conteyned, or any Bonde or Writing Obligatorie to bee made for the paiment of the same First Fruites, or any other Matter or Cause to the contrarye notwithestanding: And if it shall happen any suche Incumbent to lyve to thende of one holl yere and a half next after the last advoydance of suche Promocon Spuall, and after and before thende of syxe Monethes then next following shall fortune to dye, or to be lawfullye evicted removed or put from the said Promoc&n Spuall, by Jugement in any Action at the Comen Lawe without Fraude or Covine, That then every suche Incumbent his Heires Executours Administratours and Suerties, shalbee chardged and chardgeable but onlye withe three partes of the First Fruites of the same Promoc&n Spuall, in sour ptes to bee

devided, and withe no more; Any thing in this Acte conteined, or any Bonde or Writinge Obligatorie had or

made for the paim1 of the said First Fruites, or any other Matter or Cause to the contrary notwithestanding: And yf yt shall happen any suche Incumbent to lyve to thende of twoo hole yeres next after the last advoydance of the same his Promotion Spuall, and not to bee lawfully evicted remooved or put from the same Promoc&n Spuall as is aforesaid. That then every suche Incumbent his Heires Executors Administratoures and Sureties, shall [shall13 content and paye to our said Soveraigne Ladye the Quene her Heires and Successoures those First Fruites due to be paide for the same Promocon Spuall according to Thestatutes aforesaid.

Provided also and be yt enacted, That all Grantes Immunities and Lybertyes given to the Universities of Cambridge and Oxforde, or to any Colledge or Hall in either of the said Universities, and to the Colledges of Eton and Winchester, and unto every or any of them, by our (*) Souveraigne Lorde King Henrye Theight, or any other of the Quenes Highnes Progenitours or Predecessoures, or by Acte of Pliam', for or touching the Releas or Dischardge of the said First Fruites and Tenthes, or any parte therof, shalbe allwaies and remaine in their full

IV.

All Arreiri of Tenth* shall be paid to the Crown.

V.

Exemption! from First Fruit!, vt*. Vicarage! not exceeding jfio, Parsonage! not exceeding I oMarki.

VI. Proportion of First Fruiti payable by Incumbent!, living. See. only Half a Year, One-fourth

One Year, One-half;

One Year and a Half, Three Quarten.

Two Yeara, the Whole.

VII. Exemption of the Universitiea, <tc. from Firit Fruiti, ire. confirmed.

1 An erroneous Repetition on the Roll. O. omit*.

■ late O.

Gck

364 1° Eliz. c. 4. A.D. 1558-9.

■strengthe and vertue ; and that all suche lawfull Conveiaunces and Assurances in the Lawe as were had [and *] made before the making of this Acte to either of the said Universitees of Oxforde and Cambridge, or to any Colledge or Hall within any of them, by what Name or Names soever they or any of them be incorporated or named, of any of the said Psonages or Ben^ces impropriate, or of any pte of the same, or of any Patronages for the Maintenance of Studentes or Leming, shalbe as good and effectual in the Lawe to all Intentes Constructions and Purposes, as thoughe this Acte had never bene made.

VIII. Chapel of Saint George in Windsor Castle exempted. And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Deane and Canons of the free Chappell of Sl George the Martyr within the Castell of Windesoure, and all the Possessions and Hereditamentes of the same free Chappell Deanrye and Canons, by whatsoever name or names they be incorporated or knowen, shalbee exonerated, and shall stande for ever discharged of the Tenthes and First Fruites before mentioned; Any thing in this Acte or any other Acte or Statute before mentioned to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Proviso for Leases for a i Years, Ice. Grants of Offices, and of Parsonages in Archdeaconry of Welles. Provided also and be yt enacted, That all Leases made before the twentithe daye of December laste past, for xxj,y yeres, or three lyves at the most, by any Pson or Psons Bodies Politike or Corporate, beyng lawfully sensed of or in any of the said Psonages impropriate, or of or in any other the Premisses woonte comonly to be lett or setto ferme, then being out of lease, or wherof there was not at the tyme of the making of the said Lease or Leases any former Lease tendure above one yere then to come at the most, and upon whiche newe Lease or Leases the olde yerely Rent accustumablye wonte to be payde for the same by the space of twentye yeres last before the making of suche Lease or Leases, or more yerely Rent ys reserved and paiable during the sayd terme, and all other lawfull Grantes by them or any of them heretofore made of any Office or Offices in old tyme wonte comonlye to be granted, and all Gyftes and Grantes of any Psonage or Psonages imppriate, heretofore belonging to the Archedeaconrie of Welles in the Cowntye of [Welles,1] or to the Incumbent of the same Office or Dignitie, or to Thincumbent of the same lately gyven and restored, shalbe as good and effectual! in the Lawe as thoughe this Acte or any thing therin conteyned had not bene hadd [orJ] made.

X. Archdeaconry of Welles, &c. declared liable to First Fruits, Ice. And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the said Archedeaconrye, and all Rectories and Spuall Promotions given assigned lymited or appointed to the same, and all and every Incumbentes and Incombent whiche hereafter shalbe presented collated preferred and admitted unto the said Archedeaconrye and the Rectories and Spuall Promotions theronto limited and appointed, or apperteining or belonging, shall stande remayne and bee chardged and chargeable withe the paiment of the First Fruites and Tenthes for the same to the Quenes Highnes her heires and successoures, in suche like maner and fourme as other Spirituall Promotions, and the Incumbentes of the same, bee and shall bee chardged and chardgeable by this Acte, or by any other Acte or Statute before specified.

XI. Benefices, Ice. under Survey of Duchy Court, shall so continue. Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That so many of the said Rectories Psonages and Benefices impropriate, Glebelandes Tithes Oblations Pentions Portions and other Profittes and Emolumentes Ecclesiasticall and Spuall and every of them, and the Revertion and Reverc&ns of them, and all Rentes and Profittes unto the same or any of them incident or belonging, as were at and before the said Eight daye of August in thandes or possessions of the sayd late Quene Marye, and within the Surveye Rule and Order of the Courte of the Duchie of Lancastre, shalbe ageine within the Order Surveye Rewle and Govemement of the said Courte, in suche and the same maner and fourme to all intentes and purposes as they were at and before the said viijth day of August in the said Seconde and Thirdd yeres of the Reigne of the said late King and Quene; Any thing in this Acte or in the said Acte of the same late King and Quene to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

XII. Proviso for Incumbents presented since the Beginning of this Parliament. Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthoritee of this Plament, That no pson nor psons presented instituted or inducted at any tyme sithence the first daye of this pnte Plam’, or that shall bee presented instituted or inducted on thiside the Feast of the Nativite of S' John Baptist next coming, to any the said Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Promotions chargeable to or withe the paiment of the First Frutes or one yeres Profittes of suche Promotion, shall incurre any Penaltie or Forfeiture, by entring into any of the said Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Promotions, or by taking the Profittes therof, for the Non paim' or not compownding of or for the First Fruites therof, so that he or any other for him shall or doo compownde for the same First Fruites according to the true meaning of the Statute before the sayd Feast of the Natyvyrie of S’ Johan Baptyst; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye notwithestanding.

XIII. Hospitals and Schools exempted from Tenths and First Fruits. Provided also that this Acte or any Thing therin conteyned shall not in anye wise extende to chardge anny Hospitall founded and used, and the Possessions therof employed to and for the Relief of poore People, or anny Scoole or Scooles or the Possessions or Revenues of them or any of them, with the paiment of any Tenthes or First Fruites; Any thing in this Acte before mentioned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

' or 0. • Somersett 0. * nor 0.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 5.

365

CHAPTER V.

An Acte whereby certayne Offences be made Treason.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the xij"‘ daye of November in the seconde yere of the Reigne of the late Quene Marye, Syster unto our most gracious Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma'k that nowe ys, there was one Acte or Statute made for the better Suretie and Preservad&n of the said late Quene, endtuled An Acte wherby certayne Offences be made Treason, as by the same Acte more at large dothe appeare; And forasmuche as the verie Woordes and Sentences of the said Estatute doo cxtende no further but unto the said late Quene Marye and Theires of her Body, therfore yf any suche lyke offences as bee mentioned and conteyned within the said Statute should hereafter happen to be comitted against or said Sovereigne Lady that nowe ys, ther were no due remedye or condigne punishement provided for the same: In consideration wherof and to thintent that the malice of wicked and evill doers maye the better be restrayned by thextending of theffect and benefite of the matters conteyned in the said Estatute, to our most deere Sovereigne Ladye that nowe ys, and for the more Suretye and Preservacbn of her Highnes Royal Estate; Be it enacted by the Quenes most Excellent Mau*, withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this presente Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same, That yf any pson or psons after the first daye of Maye next to come, doo maliciouslye advisedly and directlye compas or imagyn to depryve the Quenes Ma"' that nowe ys, or theires of her Bodye to bee begotten, being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, from the Stile Honour and Kingly Name of Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme, or from any other the Realmes and Dominions unto our said Sovereigne Ladie apperteyning and belonging, or to destroye the Quenes Ma"* that nowe ys, or any theires of her Bodye beinge Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, or to levie Warre within this Realme, or within any the Marches or Dominions to the same belonging, against the Quenes Ma,lc that nowe ys, or any theires of her Bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, or to depose the Quehes Ma"' that now ys, or any Theires of her bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, from the Imperiall Crowne of the Realmes and Dominions aforesaid ; and the same Compasses or Imaginacons or any of them, maliciouslye advisedly and directly shall or doo utter by open preaching expresse woordes or Sayenges; or yf any pson or psons after the said first daye of Maye next coming, shal maliciouslie advisedlye and directlye say publish maintaine declare or holde opinyon, that the Quenes Ma"' that nowe ys, during her lyes, ys not or ought not to bee Quene of this Realme, or after her deathe that theires of her Highnes Bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, of Right ought not to bee Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, or that any other pson or psons other then the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys, during her lyes, ought to be King or Quene of this Realme, or any other the Realmes or Dominions aforesaid, or after her death, other then theires of her Bodye, being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, as long as any of her said Hares of her Bodye begotten shal bee in lyes, of Right ought to have and enjoy Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme, or anye the Realmes and Dominions aforesayd; that then every such Offendour being therof dulye convicted or attainted by the Lawes of this Realme, their Abbettoures Procurers and Coucellers, and all and every their Comforters, knowing the said Offences or any of them to bee done, and being therof dulye convicted or atteinted as ys abovesaid for his or their suche Offence, shall forfeite and lose to the Quenes Highnes, her Heires and Successoures, all his and their Goodes and Cattelles, and the whole Issues and Profittes of his and their Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes for terme of the lyes of every suche Offendo' or Offendo's, and also shall have and suffer during his and their lyves ppetuall Imprisonement.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That all and every Ecclesiasticall Pson beynge convicted or attainted in fourme aforesaid, for every suche his Offence shall immediatlie and pntly upon suche Attaindour hadd, bee judged and remayne in the Lawe to all Intentes deprived from all his Benefices and Promoc&ns Spuall or Ecclesiasticall, in suche maner and fourme that it shalbe laufull for every Patron Founder or Gyver therof to pnt immediatly after suche Attaindo' had, some one other to the same, as thoughe the sayd Offendo' or Offendo's were deceased.

And if anie pson or psones being hereafter convicted or attainted of anye the said Offences in fourme aforsaid comitted, shall after his or their Conviction or Attaindor efftesones comit or ppetrate any of the said Offences in fourme aforesaid, that then every suche seconde Offence or Offences shalbe demed and adjudged Highe Treason, and thoffendour or offendours therin, their Abettours Procurers and Coucellours, and all and every their Aydo" and Comforters, knowing the said Offences or any of them to be done, being therof convicted or attainted according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, shalbee judged and demed Highe Traytours, and shall suffer paines of deathe and lose and forfeite all their Gooddes Cattelles Landes and Tenementes to the Quenes Ma’* her Heires and Successoures, as in cases of Highe Treason by the Lawes of this Realme at this day of right ought to be lost and forfaited.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That yf any pson or psons at any time after the said first daye of Maye next to come, by any writing printing overte dede or acte, maliciouslye advisedly and directlye doo affirme that the Quenes Mav that nowe ys ought not to have and enjoy the Stile Honour and Kingly Name of this Realme, Or that anye pson or psones other then the Quenes Ma,ic that nowe ys, ought to have or injoye the Stile Honour and Kinglye Name of this Realme, or that the Quenes Ma'" that nowe ys during her lief ys not or

St.i.sP.&M. c.io. at to Treatont, extendi only to Q. Mary and hei Ittue

Penalty on compassing or imagining the Deposition, Death, &c. of the Queen or her Issue, and advisedly uttering such Compatsings, &c. or advisedly preaching, &c. that the Queen or her Issue are not lawful Queens or Kings; Forfeiture ofUoodt, Profits of Lands, and perpetual Imprisonment.

II.

Ecclesiastical Persons offending shall incur Deprivation.

III.

Second Offences declared Treason.

Impugning the Queen’s Title

Queen's

by Writing, ate. declared Treason

5 A

366

1° Eliz. c. 5, 6.

A.D. 1558-9.

Forfeiture on such Treasons.

V.

Saving of Titles of Strangers on such Forfeiture.

VI.

Concealment of such Offences declared Misprision of Treason.

VII.

Peers shall be tried by Peers.

VIII. Limitation of Prosecutions for Words, Six Months.

IX.

Punishment of Accessories.

X.

Offences under this Act shall be proved by Two Witnesses, in presence of the Accused.

ought not to bee Quene of this Realme; or after her deathe that theires of her Highnes Bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme of right ought not to have and enjoye Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme; or that any pson or psons other then the Quenes Ma'1' that nowe ys during her lyes or after her deathe, other then theires of her Bodye begotten, being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, as long as anye of her said Heires of her Bodye shall bee in lyes, of right ought to have and enjoy Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme ; that then every suche Offence and Offences shalbee adjudged Highe Treason, and Thoffendour and Offendours therm, their Abettours Procurers and Councellours, and all and everye their Aydours and Comforters, knowing the said Offences or any of them to bee done, being therof lawfully convicted or attainted by the Lawes of this Realme, shalbee demed and adjudged Highe Traitours, and shall suffer paines of deathe and lose and forfeite all their Gooddes and Cattelles Landes and Tenementes to the Quenes Mau', her Heires and Successours, as in cases of Highe Treason by the Lawes of this Realme at this daye of right ought to be lost and forfeyted.

Saving to every Pson and Psons Bodies Politike and Corporate, their Heires and Successoures, (other then Thoffendours and their Heires, and suche pson and psons as clayme to any of their uses,) all suche Rightes Titles Interestes Possessions Leases Rentes Revercbns Offices and other Profittes whiche they or any of them shall have at the daye of the comitting suche Treasons, or at any tyme afore, in as large and ample maner as yf this Acte had never bene hadde ne made.

Provided alwaies and be yt declared and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That consealement or keping secrett of any Highe Treasons, bee demed and taken onely Misprision of Treason, and the Offendours therm to forfeit and suffer as in cases of Misprision of Treason hathe heretofore bene used: Any thing above mentioned to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided also, that yf yt shall fortune hereafter anye of the Peeres of this Realme to be indited of anye Thoffences made Treason or Mysprysion of Treason by this Acte, then the same Peeres or Peere so being indited, shall bee put to aunswer to every suche Inditement before the Highe Stuarde of Englande for the tyme being, and to have his and their Tryall of his and their Peeres, and to receyve and have suche lyke Judgement upon the same Tryall of his or their Peeres, or make open confession of the same Offence or Offences, as ys used in other Cases of Highe Treason.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That no person or persones shall in any wise bee impeached for any of the Offences abovesaid, comitted onelye by open Preaching or Woordes, onlesse the Offendour or Offendours bee therof indicted within Syxe Monethes nexte after the same open Preaching or Woordes j Any thing mentioned in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies, that the Counseyloures Procurours -Comforters and Abetters mentioned in this Acte, for his or theyr first Offence shall suffer lyke Punishement Penaltye and Forfeyture as is conteined in this Acte ageynst the pryncypall Offendours for their first Offence and none other j And that the Councellers Procurers Comforters and Abetters, for his or their Seconde Offence shall sustayne lyke Punishement Penaltie and Forfeyture as is conteyned in this Acte against the pryncypall Offendour or Offendoures for their Seconde Offence, and none other.

(1) Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons shalbee hereafter indited or arraigned for any Offence or Offences made Treason or Misprision of Treason by this Acte, onles the same Offence and Offences of Treason and Misprision of Treason aforesaid, be proved by the Testimonye Deposicyon and Othe of twoo lawfull and sufficient Witnesses at the tyme of his and their Inditement; whiche said Witnesses also at the tyme of tharreignement of the partye so indited, (yf they bee then lyving,) shalbe brought foorthe in person before the partye so arreigned face to face, and ther shall avowe and openly declare all they can saye against the sayd partie so indited, onles the said partye so indited shall willingly without violence confesse the same.

CHAPTER VL

An Actb for the explanac&n of the Statute of sedytyous Woordes and Rumours.

Recital of Statute I, 2 P. & M. c. 3. against seditious Words and Rumours, continued by St. a, 3P. &M. c.21. 4,5 P. & M. c. 9.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the twelfthe daye of November in the first and seconde yeres of the Reignes of the late King Philippe and Quene Marye (Syster unto our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys) and ther continued and kepte untill the syxtenthe daye of Januarye then nexte ensuing, there was one Acte or Statute then and ther made, entituled An Acte ageinst sedicious Woordes and Rumours, whiche Acte was then made to endure to thende of the nexte Pliament; And after in the nexte Pliament holden at Westm the xxj,h daye of October in the seconde and thirde yeres of the Reignes of the said late King and Quene, and there continued untill the nynthe daye of [December*] then nexte following, the sayd Statute was then further contynued untill the last daye of the nexte Pliament •, And after in an other Pliament holden at Westminster the XXth daye of Januarye in the fowrthe and fyfthe yeres of the Reignes of the sayd late King and Quene, and ther contynued untill the seventhe daye of Marche then nexte followyng, The sayd Acte and Statute was then and ther further contynued revived and enacted to stande and bee in full force and strengthe unto the last

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 Octobre 0. but erroneously.

daye of the nexte Pliament; In whiche Acte amonges other thinges, certayne Punishement ys provided for suche psones as should maliciouslye utter or speake anye false sedytious and slaunderous Newys Rumors or Tales of the sayd late Kyng and Quene; as by the same Acte and Statute more at large yt dothe and maye appeare: And forasmuche as the sayd Acte and Statute sythen the making therof hathe bene proved to bee a verye good and necessarye Lawe for due Correction ande Punishement of suche light and evill disposed psons as most sediciouslye dyd spreade abroade verye false and sclaunderous Rumours and Tales to the greate Disturbance of the C5mon Tranquylytee of this Real me; and for that yt ys doubtfiill whither the said Statute and the Woordes and Sentences of the same extende any further then onely to the said late King and Quene, and whether the same Statute gyvethe any Remedye against suche psons as shall maliciouslye utter or speake any false sedicious and sclaunderous Rumores Newes or Tales against our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys or not: Foil Remedie wherof and for a playne declaracon and explanation of the sayd former Acte, Be it therfore declared ordeyned and enacted by the Aucthoritee of this pnt Pliament, That the sayd Acte and Statute made in the sayd first and seconde yeres of the Reignes of the sayd late Kyng and Quene, and contynued as ys aforesaid, and all and every Braunche Article Woordes Sentences Clauses Provisions and Thinges therin conteyned, shall fromhensforthe by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, bee expounded judged taken and demed in all thinges to extende to the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys, as fullye and largely to all Intentes Construcc&ns and Purposes, as thoughe the same Acte hadd by expres Woordes extended to Theires and Successoures of the said late Quene; Any Question Ambyguitee or Doubte growen risen or made or hereafter happenning to growe ryse or to be moved to the contrary in any thing notwithestanding: And that all and every pson and psons whiche hereafter shall maliciouslye utter or speake any false sedicious or sclaunderous Newes Rumors Saienges or Tales of the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys, or the Heires of her Bodye being Kinges or Queenes of this Realme, Or shall comyt or doo any thoffences expressed in the said Acte against our sayd Sovereygne Ladye the Quene that nowe ys, or Theires of her Bodye being Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, and being therof convicted or attaynted according to the Fourme and Order in the sayid former Acte expressed, shall fromhensforthe incurre suche Paynes and Penaltie and have suche and the same Tryall Judgement and Punishement for the same Offences as in the said Acte ys lymyted and appointed, and according to the Fourme Tenour and Effecte of the same Acte and none otherwyse.

CHAPTER VII.

An Actb to revive a Statute made in the xxiij'h yere of the Reigne of King Henrye the Eight, touching the conveieng of Horses Geldinges and Mares into Scotlande.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at London the thirde daye of November, in the one and twentye yere of the Reigne of the late King of most worthy memorye King Henry Theight, and from thence adjourned and proroged to Westminster, and ther continued by dyvers Prorogations untill the fiftenthe daye of Januarye in the three and twentithe yere of the Raigne of the sayd late King, amonges other thinges ther was one Acte or Statute made, wherby the selling exchaunging or deliverye of any Horses Geldinges or Mares into Scotlande by any Englisheman shoulde bee Felonye, whiche Acte or Statute ys entituled An Acte that no Englisheman shoulde sell exchange or delyver to bee conveyed into Scotlande, any Horse Gelding or Mare w'"out the Kinges Lycence; as by the same Acte and Statute more at large yt dothe and maye appeare: And althoughe the same Estatute was a verye good and necessarye Lawe for the Maintenance of the Strengthe of this Realme, and for the due preservation ofThestate of the same, yet the said Statute by certaine Actes of Repeale, made aswell in the tyme of the late

Kyng Edwarde the Syxthe as also in the tyme of the late Quene Marye, was by certaine generall Woordes repealed

and made voyde; by reason wherof divers wicked and evill disposed persons have of late tyme for their owne private Gaine, conveyed dyvers Horses Geldinges and Mares out of this Realme into Scotlande, to the greate strengthe and boldening of the Scottishe, and muche to the detriment and hynderance of this Realme: Wherefore be

it enacted by the Quenes most excellent Ma'" withe Thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the

C5mons of this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That the sayd Acte and Statute made in the said xxiij,h yere of the Reigne of the sayd late Kyng Henrye Theight, and all and every Bruiche Sentences Articles Woordes Matters and Clauses therin conteyned, shall from the First daye of Maye nexte coming, stande remayne and continue in full force and strengthe to all Intentes and Purposes, as fully and as wholye as ever the same was at any tyme heretofore: Any Acte or Statute of Repeale, or any other Matter or Cause whatsoever to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Recited Act and «he Provisions thereof extended to the present Queen, and tier Issue.

St.13H.VHI. c.16.

against exporting Hoi set to Scotland, repealed by general Words of certain Acts of Edw. VI. and Q. Mary

Recited Act revived and confirmed.

368

1° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1558-9.

Recital of Stat.

5, 6 Edw.VI. c. 15, against regrating Leather, repealed by 1 Mar. it. 3. c.8.

j, 6 E. VI. e.ij. revived and confirmed.

IL

St. 1 Mary, it. 3. c. 8. repealed.

HI.

Time within which Leather shall be curried, &c. by Curriers.

Neat's Leather shall not be used with other Leather.

V.

Application of Forfeitures

CHAPTER Vin.

An Acte touching Shoo makers and Corryours.

"TTT’HERE at a Parlyament holden at Westminster upon Prorogac&n the XVth daye of Apryll in the syxthe yere

FT of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edward the Syxthe, Brother to the Quenes Majestie, it was enacted among other thinges against Regratours of tanned Leather, That no person or psons of what Estate Degree or Condition soever he or they bee, shall buye engrosse or cause to be bought or engrossed any kynde of tanned Leather to thintent to sell the same againe, saving onelye Sadlers Gyrdlers Cordeweyners and all other Artificers whiche shall make therof any kynde of Wares to bee solde, as by the same Acte more playnely at large maye appeare; Whiche Acte was in the Plyament holden at Westmynster the seconde daye of Aprill in the firste yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Ladye Quene Marye, repealed made voide and of none effecte ; And one other Acte was then made, enthuled Towching the buyeng and curryeng of Leather; The repealing of whiche Acte, as Experience hathe sithen taught Us, hathe brought Shoys Bootes Males Saddles and all other kinde of Wares made of tanned Leather, to greate and unreasonable Prices, to thundoing of a great number of the Quenes Ma'"* poore Subjectes: For Reformacftn wherof, be yt ordeyned enacted and establyshed by the Quenes Ma'", the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Plament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That thaforesaid Statute made in the vj*b yere of the Reigne of the said late King Edwarde the Syxthe and endtuled Againste all Regratoures of tanned Leather, and every Article Braunche Sentence and Clause therin conteyned, shalbe revived and stande in Effecte from the first daye of Aprill next coming, in as full Force Strengthe and Effecte as thoughe thaforesaid Acte made in the seconde daye of Aprill in the first yere of Quene Maryes Reigne, towching the buyeng and curryeng of Leather, wherby the said former Acte ys repealed, had never bene hadd nor made.

And bee it also enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That the said Statute and Acte made in the first yere of Quene Maries Reigne, Syster to the Quenes Ma'*, endtuled An Acte touching the buyeng and curryeng of Leather and every Braunche Sentence and Article therin conteyned, shall from the sayd first daye of Aprill not stande, but bee utterly repealed and bee of no Force nor Strengthe; Any Clause Sentence or Article therin conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That when and as often as any Shoomaker or his Deputie, dothe bring any Leather suificientlye tanned to anny Curriour to be curried, delyvering sufficient Lyquor for well dressing of the same, the same shall bee by every suche Curriour well and sufficientlie curried and made readye for the Shoomaker within the space of fyve dayes in Sumer, That is to saye. From the first day of Marche to the last day of September; And also in like maner within the space of tenne days in Winter, That is to saye, From the firste daye of October unto the last day of February; upon payne to forfeit to the ptie greyed for every Hyde not curried and dressed in maner and fourme aforesaid, the some of xs. Provided further That this Proviso shall not extende to bynde any Curriour to dresse any Leather whiche by doing his best ys not able to dresse within every of the tymes aforesaid, but shall extende to all suche Leather as he convenientlye maye dresse after the comune rate of dressing.

And be yt also enacted by thaucthorite of this pnt Pliament, That no pson or psons using or occupieng the Feate and Misterie of Shoomakers, shall from hensfoorthe woorke or make any Bootes or Shooes of Neates Leather that shalbee mingled made or wrought withe any other Leather but onely Neates Leather of yt self, oneles it bee in the hemes or lyning of Bootes Shooes or Slippers; and that they shall put in all and every Bootes Shooes and Slippers made of Neates Leather Inner Soles made of Wombes which shalbe well and trewly tanned and curried; And also all suche other Bootes Shooes and Slippers as shall bee made of drye Neates Leather or Calfes Leather not to bee mingled withe any other kinde of Leather (saving in the soles) but onelye of yt self, oneles yt bee in hemes or lyninges of the same, That ys to saye, Neates Leather of it self, and Calfes Leather of it self, upon payne of forfeiture of all suche Bootes Shooes and Slippers made to the contrarye.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That thone Moietie of all suche Forfeitures afore named shalbe to our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma,ic and her Highnes Heires, and thother Moitie to him or them that sease or first sue for the same Penalties in any the Quenes Ma*‘" Courtes of Recorde, by Acc6n of Dett Bill Complaynt InformacSn or otherwise, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoine Protecc&n or Injunction shall bee admitted or allowed for the Defendant in that Behalfe.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 9

3 69

CHAPTER IX.

An Acts touching Tanners, and the selling of tanned Leather.

FOR sundrie good Causes and Considerac5ns, Be yt enacted by aucthoritee of this pnt Pliament, That no pson or psons having Landes Tenementes or Rentes of Estate of Enheritance, or for terme of lyes, to the clere yerely valewe of fowrtye powndes or above, excepte suche pson and psons as have anny Tanhouse, and dothe occupye the Mysterye ofTannyng at this pnte, and excepte an Apprentice and other brought upp and taught or to bee brought upp and tought as a Covenant Servante, or hired for that purpose by the space of sower yeares in the Misterye or Crafte of tanning of Leather, shall use or have Profytte Gayne or Cdmoditie of or by the said Misterye or Craft of tanning of Leather after the Feast of S' Michaell the Archeaungell nexte cuming, upon payne of forfeyture of all suche Leather so to be tanned, or the juste valewe therof.

[And1] be it further enacted, That from and after the Feaste of S' Mychaell Tharchangell, whiche shalbee in the yere of our Lorde God XVc. lx", no pson or psons shall use or exercise the Feate Crafte or Mysterye of tannyng of Leather, Or shall by anny meanes receyve anny Profite Gayne or Lucre by tanning of Leather but onelye in a Cytye Boroughe Towne Corporate or Markett Towne where sellers shalbee usually appointed; Except he or they have bene apprentise exercised and brought up as ys aforesaid in the sayd Crafte [and*] Misterye by the space of sour yeares at the least, and also excepted the Sonne or Heire and Wyefe of every suche Tanner to theyr owne Use and Uses, upon payne of forfeiture of all the Leather so tanned contrary to this Acte or the value therof.

And be it also further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That no maner of pson or psons whatsoever, shall after the firste daye of Maye next coming, buy bargayne bespeake or take promyse of bargayn, of or for anny Rawe Hide or Calfes Skynne, but of or for suche and the same as shalbee pnte in Faire or Markett then to bee solde, ne they shall put or cause to bee put to sale anny kinde of tanned Leather [redd3] and unwrought in any place within this Realme, other then in open Markett or Faire in the place therfore comonly accustomed and therefore prepared, upon payne of forfeyture for everye Hide iij s. iiij d. For every Dozen of Calfe Skynnes iij s. iiij d. and the Hide or Hides and Leather in any otherwise solde or bought, or the value therof.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson whatsoever shall or maye after the Feast of S' Mighell tharchangell next coming, buy bargayne bespeake or take promyse of bargayne of or for annye tanned Leather unwrought as ys aforesayd, but onelye suche pson or personnes as have beene bee or shalbee brought uppe in cutting of Leather into made Wares, and doo will and shall woorcke and converte the same into Leather, cutte into made Wares wrought, uppon payne of forfayture of the Leather so bought bargayned or bespoke, or the value thereof.

And whereas at a Pliament holden at Westmynster uppon Prorogac&n the Seconde and Thirdde yeares of the Reigne of King Edwarde the Syxte, Brother to the Quenes Highnes, amongest other Thinges in an Acte entituled An Acte for trewe curryeng of Leather, upon dyvers and good Considerations yt was enacted, That every Tanner shall cutte of every Wombe of every Oxe Hyde syxe ynches broade, and of every Steere Hyde fyve ynches broade, and of every Cowe Hyde eight ynches broade of Assise in the narrowest place, as by the said Acte more at Iardge appearethe j Sythens whiche tyme the gredy and unsaciable Covetousnes of many of the Tanners have been suche to defraud the said good and [goodlye4] Acte, that they will not cutt of the Woumbes of the Hydes nor bring them to the Markett to bee solde, so that the Cordeweiners cannot have Woombes to put into (3) inner soles of Bootes Shoes Stertups and Slypers, according to the teno' of the said Statute in that case provided; Be it therfore enacted by the Quenes Royall Ma* the Lordes Spuall and Temporal! and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That all and every pson and psones that dothe occupye or shall hereafter occupye the tanning or barking of any Oxe Steere or Cowe Hide or Hides, to be converted for [ for6 ] Sole Leather for or in the name of Sole Leather, nowe comonlye called Backes, shall cut or cause to be cutte of every such Oxe Steere or Cowe Hyde or Hydes that shalbee tanned or wrought for Sole Leather comonly called Backes twoo peeces, whiche ys nowe called Wombes of every suche Hide or Backe that shalbee wrought barckte or tanned for Backes, upon payne of forfeyture of everye suche Hide or Hydes Backe or Backes so tanned or wrought, the Wombes being not cutte of, Syxe Shillinges eight pens for every Hide.

And be it also further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnt Pliam', That every Tanner or Tanners or any other pson or psons that occupiethe or hereafter shall occupye the Mysterye of tanning of Leather, and that shall cut of or cause to be cut of, those twoo peeces above named called Wombes, shall begynne uppon the twoo hinder Shankes of every suche Hide, and ther cut twoo peeces, and so cut throughout alongst the Belye to the Foreshanckcs, and ther to cut of bothe the Foreshankes, and those twoo peeces so called Wombes to bee well and trulye tanned after the maner of inner sole Leather, and to conteine of good and drye taned Leather vj ynches broade of Assise in the narrowest place, according to the Sise of the Standerd in Thexchequer, whan they bee tanned or putto sale or offredd to bee solde promised or bargayne made, upon payne of forfeyture of three shillinges foure pens for every Wombe being cut lesse then so manye ynches broade of Assise in the narrowest place as abovesayd.

None having jC+o. per Ann. in Land shall be a Tanner, unless apprenticed, Sec.

U.

None shall be Tanners, except in Towns, unless apprenticed. See.

III.

Raw Hides, Leather, &c. shall be sold only in open Market.

IV.

None shall buy Leather except Manufacture! 3.

V.

St. a, 3 E.VI. c.9. amended, ns to cutting Sole-Leather.

VI.

Tanning Sole-Leather from Womb Pieces.

1 Also O. * or 0. 3 rede O. * godlie O.

the 0. * An erroneous Repetition on the Roll. 0. omits.

5B

370

1° Eliz. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1558-9.

VII. Womb Piece* shall be sold with Backs.

VIII.

All Leather sold shall be registered.

IX.

Searchers of Leather shall register Sale*.

X.

St. i, 3 E.VI. c.it. tanning Leather;

revived by 7 E.VI. c.ll.j

and continued by I Mary, st. 2. c.13.;

2 & 3 E.VI. c. 11. revived and amended.

XI.

Application of Penalties.

Excessive Price of Leather, Hides, and Tallow, caused by Exportation.

And bee yt further enacted, That every Tanner or other pson that occupiethe or hereafter shall occupye the Misterye of tanning of Leather, whiche after the Feaste of the Birthe of our Lorde Jesus Christ next coming shall putto sale or offer to bee solde in any Faire or Marcket anny Backe or Backes, shall bring at the selfe same tyme to the Fayre or Marcket wher he or they shall put suche Backe or Backes to sale, for every Back the twoo forenamed Peeces called Wombes, ther to bee solde withe the Backes or otherwise, as the Faire or Market shall him best serve, ao that they bee solde in the open Market, upon paine of forfeiture of every suche Back or Backes so brought to be solde or offredd to bee solde or the valewe therof, not having the Wombes ther in the open Market or Fayre as ys abovesayd.

Be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That no pson or psones shall after the first daye of Maye next coming sell or cause to be solde anny maner of Leather (Cloute Leather solde in small Peeces onely excepted) except he or they regester or cause to be regestredd the sayd Leather, and every parte and parcel! therof; upon payne of forfeyture of the value of the Leather so solde and not regestredd, and also the Buyer to forfaite the sayd Leather so bought and not regestredd as ys aforesayd.

And be it further enacted, That suche pson or psones as arre or hereafter shalbee assigned or appointed Searcher Sealer or Sealers of tanned Leather by vertue of anny Acte or Statute heretofore or hereafter to bee made, shall kepe one Booke or Regester to enter all suche Bargaynes as shalbe made for Leather Hides or Skynnes (Clout Leather solde in small Peeces onely excepted) by any pson or psones during and by all the tyme of the Faire or Market, and shall enter all suche bargaynes, being theronto required by the Buyer or the Seller, taking for his or their payne and travaile therin to be taken, and for the regestring therof, of the Seller of every Dycker of Leather so entred One Peiiy, for every Syxe Dozen of Calfes Skines One Peiiye, and so after the Rate, and no more or greater Some or Somes of Money to be paide for entring of the samej upon paine of forfeiture for not entring and regestring as is aforesayd, for every Dicker of Leather iij s. iiij d. For every Dozen of Calfes Skinnes iijs. iiij d. and so after the Rate.

And where also one other Acte entytuled An Acte for true tanning of Leather was made at a Pliant* of the said King Edwarde, holden upon prorogacon at Westm the fourthe daye of November in the seconde yere of his most gracious reigne, whiche Acte was made tendure unto thende of the next Pliament then following; and after, the same Acte was revivede at one other Pliam' holden at Westm, the first daye of Marche in the seventh yere of the Reigne of the same King Edwarde the Syxte, to contynue till the last daye of the next Pliament then following; and after, the same Acte was continued in the seconde and last Session of our Sovereigne Ladye Quene Marye, holden upon prorogacon at Westm the xiiiju> daye of October in the first yere of her Graces Reigne, to continue till the [laste1J last daye of the next Pliam' then following, whiche being expired, and the same Acte never since continued, his force and efficacye ys ended: And fcrasmuche as the said Acte ys good and beneficiall for the comonwelthe of this Realme; Be it therfore enacted ordeyned and established by the Quene our Soveraigne Ladye, withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same. That the said Acte made in the seconde yere of the said King Edwarde the Sixte, and all Woordes Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same, (except thes woordes Ashebarcke Tapwoorte Meale or Culverdung,) shalbe revived continued stande and endure in his full force and strengthe to all Intentes Constructions and Purposes; And that no Tanner in or aboute the tanning of any Leather, shall use or exercise anny other kinde of stuffe but onely Ashebarck Okebarck Tapwoorte Meale Lyme or Culverdung.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That thone Moietie of all suche forfeitures afore named, shalbe to our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma'* and her Highnes Heires or Successoures, and thother Moyetie to him or them that sease or first sewe for the same Penalties in any the Quenes Ma'f Cowrtes of Recorde, by Action of Debte Bill Complaynt Informac6n or otherwise, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoigne Protectyon or Injunction shalbee admitted or allowed for the Defendant in that behalf.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte that the caryeng of Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides out of the Realme for Marchandyse,

shall bee Felonye.

WHERE at this pnte tyme, tanned Leather Hides and Tallowe and all things therof made, ys growen and come unto suche highe and excessive Price as the lyke within the tyme of Mans memorye hathe not been seen within this Realme, by reason that divers and sundrye covetous and gredye psons nowe of late having more regarde unto their owne singuler lucres and gaynes, than unto the mayntenance and p>fvacon of the comon and publike weale of this (1) Realme of England, have contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, conveyed or caused to bee conveyed out of the same, unto the pties beyonde the Seas, ther to bee uttred by waye of marchandise.

1 An erroneous Repetition on the Roll. O. omits. * the O.

Go

1° Eliz. c. 10.

371

A.D.\55S-9.

k

i

i

i

t

I

I

i

i

suche greate store and plentye therof, that the same Leather Hides and Tallowe ys more plentifull and to bee hadd better cheape there then here within this Realme, to the greate Hurte Damage and Hinderance of all the Quenes most loving Subjectes: For Reformation wherof be yt enacted by the Quene our Sovereygne Ladye the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, and by thaucthorytee of the same. That no psone or psones, whatsoever he or they bee. Stranger or Denizen, from and after the first daye of June next coming, shall shyppe conveye or abbett procure or cause to bee shipped or conveyed, in or to anny Shippe Boate or other Vessell in or upon the Sea, or in or upon other Haven Ryver Creeke or Place within this Realme of Englande or Wales, or other the Quenes Dominions, anny maner of Leather tanned or untanned, or any sake or or untanned Hides, or any Leather called Backes or Sole Leather, or any Tallowe, to thintent to transporte or carrye the same in any the pries beyonde the Sea, ther to bee uttredd bartered or solde by waye of marchandize, upon payne that every suche Offendour shalbee deemed adjudged and taken to be a Fellone for every such Offence; And that every pson and psones being after the sayd first daye of June lawfullye attainted by the due Order of the Cdmen Lawe of this Realme, before suche as shall have power and auctoritee to heare and determyne Fellonyes by the Comon Lawe, shall for every suche Offence suffer suche paines of Deathe forfeiture of Gooddes and Cattelles as he or they shoulde have doone yf hee or they had been laufiillye attaynted for anny Offence being Fellonye by the Common Lawe of this Realme, and also shall forfaite to the Quenes Highnes, her Heires and Successoures, all hys or theyr Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes during the lyes of everye suche Offendour onelye.

And for the better execuc&n of this Lawe and for the meting w,k Thoffendo" therin, Be it also enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and every Offence or Offences comitted or doone by anny psone or psones contrary to this Acte, from and after the sayd first daye of June next coming, shalbee enquyred of tryed determined and judged in suche Countie of this Realme or other the Quenes Dominions as shalbee nexte adjoyning to the place where any suche Offence shalbee first comitted; Anny Jurisdiccftn Aucthoritee or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwais and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall in anny wyse extende or bee interpretated to make anny corruption of bloodd of any suche Offendour or of any Heire of anny suche Offendour, But that every Heire and Heires of every suche Offendour and Offendours in anny of the Cases aforesayd, and also the Wief of every suche Offender shall have, after the Deathe of every suche Offendor or Offendors, lyke Title Interest Benefite Profite Comoditie Action and Advantage, as they or any of them shoulde have hadd yf any suche Offence ConviccSn or Attayndo' had not been hadd ne made.

Saving to all and every Pson and Psones Bodyes Politike and Corporate, their Heires and Successours, and Theires and Successoures of every of them, other then all and every suche Offendo' and Offendo" whiche shalbee convicted or attaynted by any suche Offence, All suche Right Title Interest Rents Leasses Commons Profittes Comoditees Advauntages and Hereditamentes whatsoever they bee, as they or any of them might or ought to have had in or to anny Manours Landes Tenementes Rentes Pencbns Services Hereditamentes or other Thinges whatsoever, or in or to any parte or parcell therof, to all Internes Coiistrucc&ns and Purposes as he or theye shoulde have hadd yf suche Attayndour had never been hadd ne made; Anny thing in thys Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided also that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not bee hurtefull nor prejudicial! to anny Captayne of anny Shippe in the tyme of Warre, being in the Retynue and Service of the Quenes Ma'", or her Heires or Successours, nor to anny Owner or Master of anny Shippe, nor to any other being the Quenes Subject, and travayling to any foreyne partes beyonde the Sea, for the having carieng and taking withe him or them in tyme aswell of Warre as of Peace, of any Hydes Leather or Tallowe for theyre necessarye Uses about their Shippe or Shipper, so that it bee not to bee uttered beyonde the Seas, by any Fraude or Covyne, by waye of Marchandize; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That this Acte, or Theffect and Substance therof, shall bee openly redd publishedd or declared at everye Quarter Sessyons, and at every Leete or Lawe daye, by the Justices that shall gyve the chardge at the Sessions, and by the Stewarde of the Leete or Lawedaye in his chardge, when he kepethe the Leete or Lawe daye; This Acte to endure from the said first daye of June, and to continue the space of fyve yeares, and from thens unto thende of the next Pliament after the sayd fyve yeares.

Penalty on exporting Leather, Hides, or Tallow; Felony without Clergy.

II.

Offences shall be tried in next adjoining County.

III. No Corruption of Blood.

IV.

Saving for Titles of Strangers.

V.

Proviso for Hides, &c. for the Use of Ships of War, &c.

VI. Proclamation and Continuance of this Act.

i

i

i

i

i

372

1° Eliz. c. 11.

A.D. 1558-9.

Evasion of Customs on Exportation and Importation of Merchandize.

All Goods, except Fish, shall be laden and discharged in the Day-time, and at open Wharfs, &c. where Officers are resident.

Hull excepted.

11.

Penalty on Masters of Vessels, whose Goods are unduly laden or discharged, Jtion.

111.

Masters of Ships exporting Goods shall give Notice, 8cc. to Officers of their Lading, Departure, Nc. Penalty jCioo.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte lymiting the tymes for layeng on Lande Marchandise from beyonde the Seas, and touching Customes

for Sweete Wynes.

MOST humblie shewing Besechen yo' Highnes, your Lordes and Comons in this pnte Parlyament assembled. That where the somes of Money payde in the Name of Customes and Subsidies of Wares & Marchandizes, transported out and brought into this yo' Highnes Realme of Englande by any Marchant Stranger or Denizen, ys an auncyent Revenue annexed and unyted to yo' Imperiall Crowne, and hathe in the tyme of Kyng Edwarde the Thirde, and other yo' most Noble Progenitours, amounted to greate and notable somes of Money, tyll of late yeares many greedye and covetous psons respecting more their pryvate Gayne and Comoditee then theyre Dutie and Allegiance or the Comon Profite of the Realme, have and doo daylye aswell by conveyeng the same their Wares and Marchandizes out of Creekes & Places wher no Custome' ys resident, as also by or throughe the Negligence or Corruptyon of the Customer Searcher or other Officer wher they be resident, as by dyvers other fraudulent undue and subtill Practises and Devises, convey their Goodes and Marchaundizes, aswell brought from the pties beyonde the Sea as transported out of this yo' Realme of Englande, without payment or agreing for the payment of the Customes and Subsidies therfore due; wherby the yerely Revenue aforesayd ys very muche empayred and dyminished, to the greate Losse and Damage of yo' Highnes, and to the greate Burden and Chardge of yo' lovinge Subjectes, who by occasion therof have of late yeares been more chardged withe Subsidies and Payment for the Supplement of the said Losse and Damage then elles wee shoulde have been: That yt maye therfore bee enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That yt shall not bee lawfull to or for any pson or psones whatsoever from and after the first daye of September nexte coming, to lade or putt or cause to be laden or putt, of or from any Wharfe Keye or other Place on the Lande, into any Shippe Vessell Crayer Lyghter or Botome, any Gooddes Wares or Marchaundises whatsoever ( Fishe taken by yo' Highnes Subjectes onely excepted) to be transported into anny place of the pties beyonde the Sea, or into the Realme of Scotlande, or to take upp discharge and laye on Lande, or cause or procure to bee taken up or dischardged out of any Lyghter Shippe Crayer Vessell or Bottome, beyng not in a Leake or Wrack, and layde on Lande, any Gooddes Wares or Marchaundises whatsoever (Fishe taken by any (1) yor Highnes Subjectes and Sake onely excepted) to bee brought from any the pties beyonde the Sea or the Realme of Scotlande by waye of Marchaundises, but onely in the daye light; That ys to saye, From the first of Marche untill the last of September betwexte the Sonne rising and the Sonne setting, and from the last of September untill the first of Marche betwen the howres of seven in the Morning and foure at the After noone; and in and upon sume suche open Place Keye or Wharfe Places Keys or Wharfes as yo' Highnes yor Heires or Successoures shall on thisside the sayd first daye of September therfore assigne and appointe, by vertue of yor Highnes Commission or Comissions within yor Graces Portes of London Sowthampton Bristowe Westchester Newecastell and the Suburbes of the same and every of them, and in some open Place Keye or Wharfe Places Keyes or Wharfes in all other Portes Creekes Havens or Rodes, (Hull onely excepted,) wher a Customer Comptroller and Searcher of suche Portes Havens Creekes or Rodes and every of them or the Servantes of any of them, have by the space of tenne yeres last past been accustomablye resident or hereafter shalbee resident; upon payne of forfeyture of all suche Goodes Wares or Marchaundises so laden or dischardged contrary to the true meaning of this Acte, or the value therof.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That no maner of pson or psons after the said daye

shall receyve or take into any Shippe Crayer or other Vessell, any Goodes Wares or Marchandizes (excepte

before excepted) to be transported into any place beyonde the Sea, or into the Realme of Scotlande, by waye of Marchaundise, nor shall dischardge and laye on Lande out of any Shippe Crayer or other Vessell, any Goodes Wares or Marchaundizes (except before excepted) beyng brought from any place beyonde the Sea, or oute of the Realme of Scotlande, by waye of Marchaundize, in any other place or places or (*) anny other howres or tymes then ys before lymited and appointed ; upon payne that the Owner and Owners Master and Masters or other

Psone or Persones whiche shall take chardge or guydynge of anny suche Shippe Crayour or Vessell or of the

Marchaundyze and Goodes duryng and for that Viage, shall forfaite and lose for everye suche Offence, One Hundrethe Powndes of lawfull Moneye of Englande.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That no Master Shipper or Purser, or other Psone or

Psones taking chardge of the Viage or of the Marchauntes Goodes, shall after the said daye receyve or take into

any Shippe Crayer or other Vessell, anny Goodes Wares or Marchaundize (except before excepted) to bee carried or transported into any of the partes beyonde the Sea, or into the Realme of Scotlande, before he shall have signified to the Customer of the Porte wher he ladethe, and other Officers ther in the open Custome House, yf anny suche bee ther, or elles wher the sayd Officers their Deputies or Servauntes or anny of them, bee or shalbee usuallye resident, that he intendethe to lade, and to what place he intendethe to passe; nor shall after his or

their full lading departe out of the Porte Creeke or Streame wher he shall so lade before he do in Iyke maner

signifye unto the Customer and other Officers as ys aforesaid of his lading, and what Marchauntes and other psons shall have lading withe him or in his Shippe Crayer Vessell or Bottom; And further truly [to1 ] aunswer to suche Questions as shalbe mynistredd to him or them by the Customer or other Officer concerning suche Wares

‘ of O.

• at 0.

3 do 0.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 11.

STS

!»

Da

fc

fi

ik

U

fy

i»

afc

F*

fflt

tit

H

~JK

KE

V

Of

in tk 11

!fa

kl

m

kk

*31

I Of

9J

r

rf*

i*

Ik

if

ok

f*

and Marchaundises as hee shall have laden, being examined upon his or their Othe or otherwise in the open Custome Howse or otherways as ys aforesayd, uppon payne to forfayte for every suche defeulte not truly advertisyng nor aunswering as ys aforesayd, One Hundrethe Powndes.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That no Owner Master Purser or other pson taking chardge of anny Shippe Crayer Vessell or Bottom wherin anny Goodes Wares or Marchaundyses (excepte before excepted) shalbee laden and brought from any the pties beyonde the See, or the Realme of Scotland, shall after the sayd daye dischardge into anny Lighter or Bottom, and laye on Lande or procure cause or willinglye suffer to bee dischardged into any Lighter or Bottom, and to bee layde on Lande out of suche Shippe Crayer Vessell or Bottom, anny Goodes Wares or Marchaundize whatsoever, before suche Owner Master Purser, or other pson or peons taking chardge of the Shippe Crayer Bottom or Vessell or the Marchauntes Goodes for that Viage, shall have signified and declared to the Customer or other Officer of the Porte Haven or Creeke where he arryvethe, the Names of every of the Marchauntes or Laders, and shall have trulye aunswered to suche Questions and Interrogatories touching or concerning suche Goodes Wares or Marchandize as shall bee then laden in any suche Shippe Vessell or Bottom as shalbee to him ministerd by suche Customer or other Officer openly in the Custome House or in suche other Places as ys aforesayd, upon his or theyr Othe, yf nede so requyer, upon payne that every suche Master Purser or other pson or psons taking chardge of suche Shippe Crayer or other Vessell for that Voyage, shall forfeite and lose for every suche default not truly advertising nor aunswering as ys aforesayd, One Hundrethe Powndes.

IV.

Mitten of Rhipi importing Good* •hill not unlade any Good*, without Notice to Officer*. Stc. Penalty dioo.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That from and after the sayd daye no Pson Denyzen Coodl ne Stranger do take upon him to enter, or doo or cause to be entred, into the Bookes of any Customer or other or imported shall Officer or Officers of any Porte or Haven within this Realme, or his or theyr Deputie or Deputies Servante or jJimea*«?the ^ Servantes, any maner Goodes Wares or Marchandize whatsoever coming or brought into yor Highnes Realme Owner*, See.; from any the pties beyonde the Sea, or from the Realme of Scolande, or going or to bee transported out of the ForfrituiToT same yor Highnes Realme into any the parties beyond the Sea, or into the Realme of Scotlande, in the Name or the Good*. Names of any other pson or psons then the verye true Owner or Owners of the same Goodes Wares or Marchandyzes, being not solde bargand or contracted for to or withe any other pson or p6ons before suche Entree or before tharryvall of suche Goodes Wares or Marchaundize in the pties beyonde the Sea, upon payne of forfeyture of the value of the Goodes so entredd.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf anny Wharfinger Cranekeper Searcher Lyghterman . VL

• __ . i* i • t TCMlty on Officers

Weigter or other Officer pteyning to the Subsidie Custome or Custome House, doo at anny tyme after the said concealing Offence*

daye, consent or knowe anny Offence or Thing to be comitted or doone contrary to the true meaning of this

Acte or any Article therin conteyned, and doo not, within one Monethe next after knowledge therof hadd,

disclose the same to the Cheife Customer or other Officer of the Porte where or within whose Office or

Chardge any suche Offence shalbee comitted or doone, orels to the Lorde Treasurer Chaunceilour Under

Treasurer or one of the Barons of Thexchequer or Thattoumey Generali for the tyme being, shall for every

suche Concealement or not disclosing suche Offence as ys aforesaid, forfaite and lose one C ti of good and laufull

Money of Englande.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the Customer of Hull shall have a Servaunte or Deputie continually resident at the Cytye of Yorcke, and every other Customer Comptroller and Searcher of every Porte, shall from and after the daye aforesayd assigned and appointed, to and in every of the Places above mentioned, and in all and every Porte Creek or Roade where the Servaunte or any of them have been continually resident by the space of tenne yeares, or hereafter shalbee as ys aforesayd, one abell and sufficient Deputie or Servaunte at the least; and that aswell all and every of the Customers Comptrollers and Searchers, as all and every his [and1] their Deputie and Deputies Servaunte and Servauntes, shall from tyme to tyme doo his and their diligent Attendance at the Houres Tymes and Places afore appointed, aswell in the Custome House or elleswhere, as yt shalbee most expedient and convenient, for the spedye dispatche of the Marchaunte and his Goodes Wares and Marchaundise, and for the due execuc&n of this Acte, in suche thinges as to him or them shall appertayne, without Concealement or consenting to any thing or thinges whiche maye be to the Hurte or Damage of yo' Highnes yor Heires or Successoures in the juste aunswering of yor Highnes due Customes and Subsidies; upon payne that everie suche Customer Comptroller and Searcher shall forfaite and lose for every Offence by him or them comitted or doone, his or theyre severall Office or Offices and One Hundrethe Poundes of laufull Money of Englande; The Moyetye of all whiche Forfeiture shall bee to yo' Highness yor Heires and Successoures, and the other Moyetye to him or them that will sewe for the same in anny yor Highnes Courtes, wherin no Essoigne or Proteccyon Wager of Lawe or Injunctyon shalbee admitted [or*] allowed.

VII. Cuttomer* shall appoint Deputie* in the several Port*, and thall duly attend, &c.

Penalty £ too. and Lou of Office.

And Where of late yeres there hathe been muche greater quantytye of Sweete Wynes brought into thys Realme Sweet^J{^ then in tyme past hathe been accustomed, whiche bee brought from the same Place where the Wine comonly shall pay Duty called [Malueseye1] ys brought, and ys of the same Nature of Grape, and nevertheles eyther by Neccligence Ignorance " or Corruption of the Officers, there hathe not been suche Custome and Subsydye receyved for the same to thuse of yo' Highnes and yo' Progenitoures as ys due and ought of verye right to bee payde for suche Sweet Wynes

0.

* Malvcseye 0.

374

1° Eliz. c. 11, 12.

A.D. 1558-9.

ix.

Savin? for Franchise! of Lords Marchers,

6c.

X.

Corn may be exported from usual Ports in Norfolk and Suffolk at the Prices in Stat. j & 6E.VI. c. 14.

XL

Proviso for Ports in Anglesea, Caernarvon, and Flint.

coming throughe the Streightes comonly called The Streightes of Marrock, otherwise Mallegaye, to the greate losse and hynderance of yo' Highnes and the burthen of Us yor loving Subjectes: For thadvoyding of all Ambyguyties and Doubtes, and to thintent the Officers maye more certaynly knowe what they ought to receyve for suche kynde and nature of Marchaundyse; Be it enacted and declared by this pnte Acte, and by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That lyke Custome and Subsidie ys of verye right to bee payde, and shall fromhensforthe bee payd for suche Sweet Wynes as ys aforesayd, as ys and hathe been accostomed to be payd for [Malueseys1] ; Any Neccligence Non paiment Usage [of*] Custome to the contrary in anny wayes notwithestanding.

Saving to all and every Lorde Marcher and other Persone and Persones whatsoever Bodye Polytyke or Corporate, all and every suche Right Tytle and Interest as they or any of them have and of right ought to have in the payment or having of anny Franchise Lybertie Custome and Subsydye or any of them; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted, That yt shalbe lawfull to shippe lade and transporte into the Portes beyonde the Sea, all maner of Come and Grayne out of the Counties of Norfolk and Souffolk and either of them, at suche Places as heretofore hathe been accustomed and betwen the Howres in thys Acte appointed, when the same Come and Grayne shall not exceede the severall Pryses mentioned in the Statute made in the fifthe and sixthe yere of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixte, intituled An Acte against Regratoures Forstallers and Engrocers, the Customes and Subsidies therfore due being well and truly payde; Any thing in this Acte or any other Acte or Statute to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte or anny thing therm conteyned, bee not prejudicyall or hurtfull to the Isle of Angleseye, the Shyres of Camarvan, and Flynte in Northe Wales; but that thinhabitantes therof and every of them maye receyve lade and dischardge according to their olde ancyent Use Customes or Lyberties granted to them or any of their Predecessoures by the late Kyng of famouse Memorye Kyng Henrye Theight, or any other his Progenitoures; so that theye and every of them paye the Custumes and Subsydies that shalbee due, and dischardge and lode within the tymes and howres before mentyoned; Anny thing in this pnte Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte against the deceiptfull using of Lynnen Clothe.

Abuses in stretching, &c. of Linen Cloth;

Penalty thereon, Forfeiture and Imprisonment.

WHERE certaine evyll disposed and deceyptfull psons usyng to buye and engrose into their Handes greate store of Lynnen Clothe, doo use to cast the pieces of Clothe over a Beame or piece of Tymber made for theyr purpose, and doo by sundry dyvises rack stratche and drawe the same bothe of Lengthe and Bredthe, and that doon, doo then with Batledoores peeces of Tymber and Wood and other Thinges, sore beat the same, ever casting therupon certayne deceiptfull Lyquors myngled withe Chalke and other lyke Thinges, wherby the sayd Clothe ys not onely made to seeme muche fyner and thicker to the Eye then yt ys in dede, but also the Threddes therof bee so losed and made weake, that after three or sour washingf it will scarsely holde together, to the greate Disceipte Hindrance and Losse of the Subjectes of this Realme : Be it therefore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament,

That yf any pson or psons shall hereafter willingly use or cause to bee used thaforesayd Deceiptes or any

other Acte or Actes Meane or Meanes to in or withe any kynde of Lynnen Clothe, wherby the same shalbee deceyptfull or worse to and for the good use therof; that then the sayd Clothe shalbee forfeited, and the

Offendour therm to bee punished by one Monethes Imprisonement at the lest, and shall paye suche Fyne as

shalbee assessed for his or their Offence or Offences by the Justices before whom he or they shalbee condempned according to the tenour of this Acte.

Juiticci ma;

'offence!.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That all and every the Justices of Oyer and Determiner and Justices of Assises in all their Sessions, and all Justices of Peace in every Countie and Place of this Realme, or Three of them at the least, wherof one to bee of the Quorum, shall have full power and aucthoritee tinquire here and determine the Offences aforesayd in theyr Sessions, by Information Indictament or upon the Travers of any Presentment or Inditement founde before the said Justices or any of them.

III. Recovery and Application of Forfeitures.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf any pson or psons shall at the next Sessions of the Peace after the sayd Seaser, to bee kept within the Shire or Place where the Seaser was made, or before twoo Justices of Peace wherof one to be of the Quorum, make due informac&n of the Offence and of the Seaser of the sayd Clothe, or els shall procure the Offenders to bee therof indicted at the sayd nexte Sessions after the sayd Seaser, and shall also bee bounde before the sayd Justices by Recognisance or Obligation to thuse of the Quenes Ma" her heires and successoures, in suche fourme as the sayd Justices or any of them shall thincke meete for the greatnes of the Matter, and to pursue the same Matter withe effecte, and to gyve evidence as of right apperteynethe, and also to paye and gyve the moyde of all that he or they shall so recover and receyve, to the Shreyfe or other Accomptaunt to thuse of the Quenes Ma,k her heires and successoures, and thone

1 Malveseys 0.

•or O.

AD.X558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 12, 13.

375

halfe of all the Forfeytures and Fynes of and for the premisses to bee unto the Quenes Ma" her heires and successoures, and thother moitie to him or to them that shall make Informac&n or procure Inditementes of and for the premisses, and shall followe the same withe effecte.

And further be yt ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the Justices before whom anny

suche Offence shalbee tryed, shall certefye the same by theyr Estreate into Thexchequer at the least yearly into the Exchequer, at Mighelmas as they bee bounde to doo other their Estreates, and upon that Certificate the Barons of Thexchequer to have full power and aucthoritee to make Processe for so muche therof as by this Estatute shall appertaine to the Quenes Majestye, in lyke maner and fourme as they onelye doo for anny other Fynes and [Amerciamentes1J so certefyed before them.

if

a

aji

k

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the shipping in Englishe Botomes.

WHERE by dyvers Statutes made in the tyme of the Quenes Ma"" most noble Progenitoures, It hathe been enacted and provided that no pson borne within the Realme of Englande, or being of the lygeance of the Prynce of the sayd Realme, or any the Domynions of the same, shoulde shippe any maner of Marchaundise either out of the Realme or into the same, but onely in a Shippe or Bottome wherof the sayd Prynce or some other of their Subjectes were Owners Possessioners Proprietaries and Maisters, and the Maryners of the same Vessell for the more Parte to bee also theyr Subjectes, upon dyvers paynes and penalties as in the said Statutes more playnely appearethe: Synce the making of whiche sayd Statutes, other forreyne Prynces fynding themselves agreaved withe the sayd several! Actes, as thincking that the same were made to the Hurte and Prejudice of their Countrye and Navye, have made lyke penall Lawes against suche as shoulde shippe out of their Countreys in any other Vesselles then of their severall Countreys and Domynions; By reason wherof ther hathe not onely growen greate displeasure betwene the forreyne Prynces and the Kinges of this Realme, but also the Marchauntes have been sore greyed and endomaged : For Reformacyon wherof and for encrease of contynuance of Amytye, Be it enacted, That the severall Actes made in the fifthe yere of Kyng Richarde the Seconde the Thirde Chapter, and in the fourthe yere of the late Kyng of famouse memorye King Henrye the Seventhe, intituled Of Wyne and Tholouze Woade, shalbee fromhensforthe derely voide and of none effecte.

And nevertheles for advoyding of great disceipte practised and nowe a days used by sundry Subjectes borne within this Realme of Englande and Dominions of the same, whiche enter in the Customers Bookes Wares and Marchandizes of Aliens borne, in their owne name, wherby the Quenes Ma'1* ys defrauded in her Customes and Subsidies to the greate Decaye of thauncyent Revenues of the Crowne : Be yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That all and every p6one and psones being Owner or Owners of any Goodes Wares or Marchandizes whiche after the first daye of Januarye next ensuyng the Session of this pnte Pliament, shall in tyme of Peace and when ther ys no restraynte made of Englishe Shippes, embarck shippe lade or dischardge by waye of Marchandyse, any Wares Marchaundize (Mastes [Rasse*] Pitche Tarre and Come onely excepted) out of or into any Shippe Barck Hoy Vessell or Bottome wherof our sayd Soveraigne Ladye the Quene, her Heires or Successoures, or some of her or their Subjectes of this Realme or the Domynions of the same, bee not Possessioners and Proprietaries and the Masters under God, and the Mariners of the same Shippe or Shippes for the most parte be not Subjectes of our sayd Sovereigne Ladye, her Heires and Successoures, shall aunswer yeelde and paye to thuse of our said Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, her Heires and Successours, suche Custome and Subsydye for suche Wares and Marchaundises so shipped ladon or discharged as ys aforesayd, rate and rate, lyke as Strangers and Alyens borne out of the Obeysaunce of our sayd Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"' doo and ought to paye for Wares and Marchaundizes of lyke nature and kynde.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no Hoye or Plate wherof any Englishe Subjecte or Subjectes is bee or shalbee Owner or Owners, at any tyme after the first daye of Januarye aforsaid, from any Porte Creek or Place of this said Realme of Englande, or any of the Dominions of the same, shall travers or crosse the Seas, into or for any of the Portes beyonde the Seas, withe any Wares Goodes or Marchaundize, upon payne that the sayd Owner or Owners shall forfeite and lose the same Hoye or Plate, with all and every the Munition Tackling and other necessaries pteyning thcronto, wherof thone moietie to bee to thuse and behoofe of the Quenes said Ma'", her Heires and Successours, and thother moitie to the pson or psones whiche will sue for the same by Byll Playnte Action or Informac6n in any her Highnes Courtes at Westni; In whiche cacc no Wager of Lawe Protection or Essoigne shalbee admitted.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted, That yt shalbee lawfull to the Marchantes comonly called Marchantes Adventurers and Marchantes of the Staple, and every of them, at their severall fietes or shippinges of Clothe and Wooll, and either of them, from and out of the River of Thamis onely being made twise in one yere at the most, to embarck shippe and lade any Goodes Wares or Marchandise in or to any Shippe Vessell or Bottome belonging or apperteyning to any Stranger or Alyen borne, so long and at suche tyme as ther be not Shippes Vessels or Bottoms belonging to the Quenes Highnes, her Heires or Successoures, or anny of her Subjectes in the sayd Ryver

Laws for presenting the Employment of foreign Shipping, met by like Law! in foreign Parts s

5 R. II. st. i. c. *. &4H.VII. c. 10. repealed.

II.

Persons importing or exporting Good* in Time of Peace (except Corn, Ice.) in foreign Shipping, shall pay Aliens' Customs.

hi.

English Hoy, lee. crossing the Sea to foreign Parts with Goods, jcc. shall be forfeited.

IV.

Goods may be exported by Merchants of the Staple, &c. at certain Periods in Foreign Ships, without paying Aliens' Duty.

1 Amcrscmentf 0.

» RaffC 0.

376

1° Eliz. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1558-9.

Continuance of thin Act.

V.

Proviso for Merchants of Bristol.

Recital of Statute 4&J P.&M. c.5. f at. against making Cloths out of Towns;

$ 24. Proviso for existing Clothmakers

$1J. Proviso for Inhabitants of certain Places.

Bocking, Coggesnall, See. in Essex, ancient Clothing Towns.

Cloths may be made in those Towns.

of Thamise sufficient in nomber, and apte and meete for the suer and safe conveiance of the Wares and Marchandizes into the partes of Flandres Hollande Zelande or Brabant, or any of them, without payeng any greater or more Custome and Subsidie then Englishemen doe and ought to paye; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding; This Acte to contynue and stande in force for the space of fyve yeres onely, next immediatly following this pnte Session of Pliam', and from thence to thende of the Pliam* then next following.

Provided that forasmuche as the Merchantes of the Citie of Bristowe have susteyned of late greate Losses at the Sea by thennemies, by reason of taking of all their best Shippes withe muche Substance, so that they be not of abilitee to provide [for ‘ ] sufficient Shippes and Vesselles of their owne within the tyme limited in this pnte Acte; That they, for lack of their owne Shippes or any other Vesselles of the Quenes Dominions within fourty Myles of the Citie of Bristowe, may lode and embarck their owne Wares and Marchandizes in Strangers Bottomes, without payeng any other Custome then for Wares and Marchandizes laden in Englishe Bottomes; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrarye notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the continuance of the makinge of Woollen Clothe in dyvers Townes in the Cowntie of Essexe.

WHEREAS by a certayne Acte of Pliament begune at Westfii the twentithe daye of January in the fourthe and fifthe yeres of the Reignes of the late Kyng Philippe and Quene Marye, and ther continued till the seventh daye of Marche in the sayd fourthe and fifthe yeres of the Reygnes of the said late King and Quene, amongst other thinges yt was enacted, that from and after the first daye of Maye then next following, no pson or psones whatsoever shall use or exercise the Feate or Mysterye of making weaving or rowing of Woollen Clothes, long or shorte, or Carseys Pynned Whites or Playne Streightes, to thintent to putt the same to sale, but onely in a Marcket Towne where Clothe hathe continually bene used to bee made by the space of tenne yeres then laste paste, or in a Citye Boroughe or Towne Corporate ; uppon payne of forfeyture for every suche Woollen Clothe or Carseye made woven or rowed out of suche Citie Bourghe Towne Corporate or Market Towne Fyve Powndes; And where also yt ys provided in the said Acte that yt shalbee laufull to any pson then using or exercising the Feate or Misterye of making weaving or rowing of Clothe or Carsey, to inhabite or dwell wher he then dyd dwell, anil there to use the making weaving or rowing of Clothe or Carseye as he hathe heretofore, any thing in the said Acte notwithestanding; And where yt ys further provided by the sayd Acte, that yt shalbee lawfull to all and every pson or psons whiche then dyd or after that tyme shoulde inhabyte or dwell in any of the Shiers of Northewales or Southewales, Chesshire or Lancashire, Westmerlande Cumberlande Northumberlande Bishopricke of Durham Cornewall Suffolk Kente the Towne of Goddelmyne in the Cowntye of Surreye or Yorckshire, being not within twelve myles of the Citye of Yorck, or in any of the Townes or Villages neare adjoyning to the Water of Strowde in the Cowntie of Glocestree wher Clothes hath been usually made by the space of twentye yeares then last paste, and havynge been an Apprentyse to thoccupacbn of Clothe making, or used the same by the space of seven yeares, to set uppe use and exercise the Feate or Mysterye of making weaving or rowing of Wollen Clothe out of a Citie Bourghe or Market Towne, as before that time they might have doon, any thing in the sayd Acte to the contrary notwithestanding; And forasmuche as the Townes or Vyllagies of Bocking Weste Barfolde Dedham and Cockshall in the Countye of Essexe, bee fayre large Townes, and aswell planted for Clothe making as the said Towne of Godlemyne or better, and fewe Townes in this Realme better planted for that purpose, and have been inhabited of a long time withe Clothe makers wch have made and daylye doo make good and trewe Clothe, to the greate Comon Weale of the Countrye there, and nothing prejudiciall to or for the C5mon Wealthe of this Realme: Be it therfore ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That yt shalbee lawfull to all and every suche pson and psons whiche nowe doo inhabyte or dwell or hereafter shall dwell in the sayde Townes or Villages of Bocking Westbarfolde Cockshall and Dedham, or in any of them, nowe using or exercising or that hereafter shall use or exercyse the Feate or Misterye of making weaving or rowing of Clothe or Carseye, by the space of seven yeres at the least, or have been prentyse therto by the sayd space of seaven yeres, to inhabyte and dwell in the sayd Townes or Villages of Bocking Westbarfolde Cockeshall and Dedham, and in every or any of them, and to use the making weaving or rowing of Clothe or Carseye as before this tyme they might have doone yf the sayd Acte hadd never been made; Anny thing in the sayd Acte to the contrary therof made or anny other Acte Statute or Lawe heretofore made or hereafter to bee made to the contrarye heros in anny wise notwithestanding.

1 0. omits.

Go

Jh»3-5J I f *■ m MFJr « - fg* $ §■

1° Eliz. c. 15, 16.

377

k

A.D.A55S-9.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte that Tymber shall not bee felled to make Coles for the making of Iron,

FOR the avoiding of destruction and wasting of Tymber, Be yt enacted by our Sovereigne Ladye the Oik, Beech, or Queries Ma*1*, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this j5nte Pliament assembled, and by °n*

thaucthoritee of the same, That no pson or psons hereafter shall convert or employe, or cause to be converted |rowjj* ^tbet or imploied to Coale or other Fuell for the making of Yron, any Tymber Tree or Tymber Trees of Oke bTemployed i"°

Beeche or Ashe or of any parte therof, of the Breadthe of One Foot Square at the Stubbe, and growing within Fwlwwlmg

fowrtene Miles of the Sea dr of any pte of the Ryvers of Thamise Seveme Wye Humber Dee Tyne Teese r°n|

Trente or any other Ryver Creeke or Streame by the whiche Carriage ys comonly used by Boate or other

Vessell to any parte of the Sea; upon payne of forfeyture for every suche Tree or any parte therof, so

imploied or converted to Coale or other Fuell for the making of Yron as ys aforesaid, Fourtye Shillinges of

laufull Money of Englande; Thone halfe of all whiche Forfeitures to bee to our Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes

Ma1" and to Her Heires and Successoures, and thother Moitie to him or them that will (1) sue for the same by original! Writte Bill Playnte or Informac&n, wherin no Essoigne Protec con Injunction or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte shall not extende to the Countye of Sussexe nor to the Weilde of Excepti<j*\

Kent, nor to any the Pishes of Charlewood Nudigate and Lighe in the Weylde of the Countye of Surreye;

This Acte to begynne and take Effecte from and after the Feaste of the Natyvytee of Saint John Baptiste Commencement next coming after this Session of Pliament. of Act.

k*

A

si

k

it

a

ii

a

U

tt

to

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte to continue Thacte made against Rebellyous Assemblyes.

WHERE in the Pliament holden at Westmynster the xxiiij"’ daye of October in the first yere of the Reigne of the late Quene Marye, Syster unto the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys, there was one Acte and Statute made against Unlawfull and Rebellyous Assembles, to endure and stande in force unto thende of the nexte Pliament then following, as by the same Acte more playnely dothe appeare: Whiche said Acte and Statute in the Plem' holden at Westminster the xij daye of November in the first and seconde yeres of the Reigne of the late King Philippe and Quene Marye, amongest other thinges was then and ther continued unto the last daye of the nexte Pliament; And after, at the nexte Pliam* begune and holden at Westmynster the xxj"1 daye of October, in the seconde and thirde yeres of the sayd late King Philippe and Quene Marye, the said Acte and Statute amonges other thinges was also further contynued to stande in force untill the last daye of the nexte Pliament then following; And also at the next Pliam* holden at Westm the xx*11 day of Januarye in the fourthe and fifth* yeres of the Reignes of the sayd late King and Quene, the said Acte and Statute amongst other thinges was likewise further continued to stande and remayne in force until the last daye of the next Pliament then following, whiche ys this pnte Pliament; And so the sayd Acte and Statute by the Actes of Continuance aforesayd, dothe stande in force but onely unto the last daye of this pnte Pliament: And forasmuche as the sayd Acte and Statute during all the tyme aforesayd hathe been proved by Experience to be a very good and beneficiall Lawe, and meete to be continued and kept in force, aswell for the Preservac&n of the Peace, as also for the Comon Wealthe and Quyetnes of this Realme; Be it therfore enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That the said Acte and Statute, and every Braunche Clause and Article therin conteyned, shall stande remayne continue and bee in full Force and Strengthe to all Intentes and Purposes, for and during the naturall Lyes of the Quenes most Excellent Ma"' that nowe ys (whiche Allmighty God long preserve and contynue), and to thende of the Pliament then next following; and that the said Acte and Statute and the Woordes and Sentences mentioned and conteyned in the sayd Acte, shall extende and be to the Quenes Highnes that nowe ys, as fully and amplye as ever the same dyd extende to the sayd late Quene Marye.

St. I Mary, st. i. c. iz. against unlawfulAssemblies, continued by i, a P. & M. c.i6. 2,3 P. 8c M. c.2i. 4, j P. *l- M. c. 9. continued during the Life of the preaent Queen, &c. and extended to Her Majesty.

5 D

378

1° Eliz. c. 17

A.D. 1558-9.

For preserving of Fi«h in Rivera;

None shall take the young Fry of Eels, Salmon, or Pikes;

nor Salmon or Trouts out of Season.

n.

Length of Pike, Salmon, Trout, or Barbel to be caught.

III. Breadth of the Meshes of Nets.

IV.

Gudgeons, See. may be taken with smaller Nets.

V.

Penalty for Offences, aos. and the Fish and Nets.

VI.

Offences shall be determined before Lord Admiral, Mayor of London, and Persons having Conservacy of Rivers, Sic. 5

and by Lords of Leets, &c.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte for the preservation of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe.

FOR the preservac6n hereafter of Spawne Frye and yong Breede of Eles Samons Pykes and of all other Fishe, whiche heretofore hathe been muche destroyed in Ryvers and Streames salte and freshe within this Realme, in so muche that in dyvers places they feede Swyne and Dogges withe the Frye and Spawne of Fishe and otherwise (lamentable and horrible to bee reported) destroye the same, to the greate hynderance and decaye of the Commonwealthe: Be it therfore enacted by the Quenes most excellent Ma'" the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Commons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by the thaucthoritee of the same, That no pson or psons of what Estate Degree or Condicbn soever he or they bee, from and after the first daye of June next coming, withe any maner of Net Weele Butt Tayning Kepper Lyme Crele Rawe Fagnett Trollnett Triihenet Trymebote Stalbote Weblyster Seure Lamenett, or withe any Devise or Engyne made of Heere Wooll Lyne or Canvas, or shall use any Heling Nett or Trymle Bote, or by any other Devise Engyne Cawtele Wayes or Meanes whatsoever, heretofore made or devysed or hereafter to be made or devysed, shall take and kyll any yong Broode Spawne or Frye of Eeles Salmon Pyke or Pyckerell, or of any other Fyshe in any Floodgate Pype at the Tayle of any Mylle Weare, or in any Straightes Streames Brookes Ryvers salte or freshe, within this Realme of Englande Wales Barwike or the Marches therof. Nor shall from and after the first day of June nexte coming by any of the wayes and meanes aforesayd or otherwise, in any Ryver. or Place above specified, take and kyll any Samons or Trowtes not being in season, being Kypper Salmons or Kepper Trowtes Shedder Salmons or Shedder Trowtes.

And be it further enacted by aucthoritee aforesayd, That no psone or psones of what Estate Degre or Condicon he or they [ bee,' ] from and after the sayd firste daye of June, by any of the meanes aforesaid, in any of the Ryvers or Places above named, shall take and kill any Pyke or Pyckerell, not being in lengthe tenne ynches Fishe or more, nor any Salmon not being in lengthe syxtene ynches (1) and more, nor any Trowte not being in lengthe eight ynches or more, nor any Barbell not being in lengthe twelfe ynches or more.

And to thintent the said yong Frye Broode or Spawne may bee preserved according to the trewe meaning heros, Be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That no maner of psone or psons from and after the first daye of June next coming shall fishe or take Fishe withe any maner of Nett Tramell Keppe Wore Hyvy Crele, or by any other Engyne Devise Wayes or Meanes whatsoever, in any Ryver or other Places above mentyoned, but onely withe Nett or Tramell, wherof every Meshe or Maske shalbee twoo ynches and a half broade ; Angling excepted.

Provided nevertheles and be yt enacted by aucthoritee aforesayd, That in all suche Places where Smeltes Loches Mynneis Bulheades Gudgions or Eeles hathe been used to bee taken and killed, that in all suche Places yt shall bee lawfull onely for the taking of Smeltes Loches Myneys Gudgyons and Eeles, to use such Nettes Leapes and other Engynes Devises Wayes and Meanes as heretofore hathe been used for the taking of the same; so that suche psone or psons using or occupieng suche Nettes or other Engines as is last afore mentioned, doo not take kill or destroye any other Fishe withe the said Nettes or Engines contrary to the tenour and fourme above in this Estatute conteyned.

And be yt further enacted, That yf any pson or psons after the aforesaid day limited in this pnte Acte, offende in any of the Poyntes before rehearsed, contrary to the tenour fourme and purporte of any parte of the same, that then every suche psone and psones so offending shall lose and forfeite for every tyme of his or their Offence the the Some of Twentye Shillinges, and the Fishe so taken contrary to the tenour hereof, and also the unlawfull Nettes Engynes Devises and Instrumentes whatsoever theye bee wherewithe or wherby suche Offence shall fortune to bee made comitted or doone.

And to thintent that a pfite execution maye bee hadd of this presente Acte, Be it further ordeyned by aucthoritee aforesaid, That the Lorde Admirall of Englande and the Mayo’ of the Citie of London for the tyme being, and all and every other Psone and Psones Bodyes Politike and Corporate, whiche by Grante or other lawfull Wayes or Meanes lawfully have or ought to have any Conservation or Preservac&n of any Ryvers Streames or Water, or Punishementes or Corrections of Offences comitted in any of them, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte tenquyre of all thoffences to bee comitted and doone contrary to theffecte and trewe meaning of this Acte within his or theyr suche lawfull Rule Governement Jurisdiction and Conservacye, by the Othes of Twelve Men or more, and to heare and determyne all and every the same Offences comitted within his or their suche Jurisdiction Conservacye Rule and Governement: And that all suche paynes and forfeitures as shall rise or growe by the reason of any suche Conviction for any thoffences aforesayd, shalbee to thuse of every of the sayd psone and psons being no Bodye Politike or Corporate nor Heade of any Bodye Polytyke or Corporate before whom suche ConviccOn as ys aforesayd shalbee hadd, and to thuse of every suche Bodye Polytyke and Corporate as heretofore have lawfully had any Fynes Forfeitures and Amertiamentes for any Offence unlawfully comitted or doone in any suche their Jurisdiction or Conservacies, uppon Convicccon hadd before the Heade of any suche Bodye Polityke or Corporate: And that also the Lorde of every Leete within this Realme of Englande and Wales or the Domynions of the same, shall have full Power and Aucthoritee tenquire of all thoffences contrary to the purporte teno' and forme of this Estatute within the Precincte of their sayd Leete, suche inquirie to bee hadd in Maner and Forme and after suche sorte as C5mon

1 shalbe of O.

s Fisshe O.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 17, 18.

379

k

f.

!*

4

k.

h

ii

n

!■

n

4

h

ii

it

k

!*

4

0

ii

0

0

0

t

A

4

i«

4

il

4

0

Penalty on Steward of Leet neglecting to give thn Act in Charge j

and on Leet Jury concealingOffencei.

Amertiamentes or other Thinges inquirable in their Courte Leete hare bene lawfully used and accustomed to bee had and made: And that upon every suche Presentment had in any Courte or Leete by Thothe of twelve Men or more as ys aforesaid, of any Offence or Offences made contrary to the tenour of this Estatute, That then all suche Forfeiture above in thys Estatute lymited and apointed for suche Offence shalbee unto the Lorde of the sayd Leete for the time being to his owne use for ever, and shalbe levyed in suche Maner and Forme as Amertiamentes for Affrayes comitted within the Precincte of suche Leete have been used and accustomed to bee levyed: And if any Leete after the said firste daye of June bee kepte within the Realme of Englande or Wales or the Dominions therof, and the Stewarde of the sayd Leete for the tyme being or other for him, doo not chardge the Jurye swome in suche Leete tenquire of all thoffences doone within the Precincte of the sayd Leete contrarye to the tenour and fourme of this Estatute, That then the Stuarde of the sayd Leete to lose and forfeite Fourtye Shiliinges,

Thone Moide of whiche Forfeitures shalbee to the Quenes Ma‘" Her Heires and Successo", and thother Moitie to him that will sue for the same; And yf any Jurye swome in any Leete, and being chardged tenquire of thoffences comitted within the Precincte of that Leete doe willfully conceale and make Defaulte in Presentment, or doo not pnte thoffence and Offendours, that then yt shalbee lawful! to the Stewarde or Baylief of the Leete, or his or their Depude for the tyme being, to empanell one other Jurye within the said Leete, and to enquier of suche Concealement Default and Non presentin' -, and that upon such Concealement Default or Non presentement founde and presented, every of the said Jurours whiche so dyd conceale make default or not presente, shall lose and forfeite for every suche Offence Twentye Shiliinges, to the Lorde of the said Leete, the same to be levyed in maner and fourme as ys abovesayd for the other Offences lymited and expressed.

And it is further enacted by aucthoritee aforesayd, That yf the Offences above mentioned, touching the taking killing or destroyeng of Fishe or Frye and Spawne, bee not presented at the Leet where theye shalbe comitted, within one yere next after the Offence committed, That the Justices of Peace in theyre Sessyons, Jusdces of Oyer and

Determiner, and Justices of Assise in their severall Circuites, shall have power and aucthoritee to enquyre therof and

to heare and determyne all the Offences commytted contrary to the tenour of this Estatute.

Saving allwaies to all and every pson and psons Bodyes Politike and Corporate and every of them, all suche Right Title Interest Clayme Pryviledge and ConservacSn, and Enquyrye and Punishement of and for any the Offences aforesayd, as they or any of them lawfully have and enjoye, or of Right ought to have and enjoy by any maner of meanes; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding: This Acte to endure to thende of the nexte Pliament.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende unto the Fishing of the Exception^ the Ryver or Water of Tweede, nor to any Ryver or Water, wherof the Quenes Ma'" ys aunswered of anny River* Tweed, yerely Rent or Profitt, nor to the Owners Fermours and Occupyours of the Ryvers of Uske or Wye in the Ulk|,n<i wT*>kc-Countye of Monmowthe, for any Fishe hereafter to bee taken in any the Ryvers or Waters before mentyoned and expresed; but that yt maye be lawfull at all seasonable tyme and tymes hereafter for suche as have or shall have any maner of Interest therein, to take and fishe the sayd Ryvers and Waters, in suche maner and fourme as heretofore hathe been used and accustomed; not using any Nett or Engyne to thintent willingly to take kill and destroy the Spawne Breede or Frye breeding any kynde of Fishe withein the sayd severall Ryvers or Waters;

This Acte or any thing therin mentioned or conteyned to the contrarye notwithestanding.

VII. Justicet of Peace may determine in Defect of Court Leet.

VIIL Saving for Privileges of Corporations, Sic.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XVffl.

An Acte for the Continuance of certayne Statutes.

XT THERE in the Parlyament begune & holden at London the thirde daye of November in the one and twentye Vv yere of the Reigne of our most dredd Sovereine Lorde of most famouse memorye King Henry theight, and from thence adjourned to Westminster, and ther holden & contynued by dyvers prorogac&ns unto the dissoluf&n therof, One Acte was there made for the true wynding of Woolles; And one other Acte was there made to restrayne kylling of Wainlingf Bullockes Steeres & Heyfers being under thage of twoo yeres; Whiche said severall Actes were then made tendure & continue unto the next Pliament; as by the sayd severall Actes more playnely appearethe: And wher also in the same Pliam', One other Acte was made and established for Attaintes to bee sewed for the punishement of Perjury upon untrewe Verdictes; Whiche Acte last before rehearsed was then made and ordeyned to contynue and endure to the last daye of the next Plana'; as by the same Acte more playnely appearethe: And where also in the Parliament begune and holden at Westmynster the eight daye of June, in the eight and twentye yere of the Raygne of our sayd most dredd Sovereyne Lord Kyng Henrye theight, and ther contynued and kepte undll the dissolution therof, Yt was ordeyned & enacted that all & singler the sayd Actes above remembred and every of them, shoulde continue & endure in their force and strength, and also bee observed and kepte untill the last daye of the nexte Parlyament; as by the same Acte amongst other thinges therin conteyned more playnelye appearethe: And where also in the Pliament begone and holden at Westmynster the eight and twenty daye of April), in the one and thirtye yere of the Raigne of our sayd late most dredd Sovereyne Lorde King Henry the eight, and ther contynued until the xxviij daye of June then next following. It was ordeyned and enacted by the aucthoritee of the same Plem', that all & singler the sayd severall Actes above remembredd and every of them, and all Articles Clauses and

Recital of Stata. at H.VIII. c. 17. winding Woola

14 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanling*;

aj H.VIIL c. j.

Attaints on untrue Verdicts;

All continued

by aB H.VIII. cc. 6, 8, 91

and further by 31 H.VIII. c.71

380

1° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1558-9

3J H.VIII. c.i7.

preserving Woods;

37 H.vm. c. 13. continuing Act j

2 &3 E.VI. c.9. currying Leather 5

3 & 4 E.V1. c. 19. buying Cattle;

c. 21. Butter, Sec.

5&6 E.VI. c. 14. Regrators j

7 E. VI. c. if. continuing Act;

I Mary, it. a. c.13. continuing Act;

t & a P. & M. c.16. continuing Act}

2 & 3 P. Sc M. c.3. Milch Kine;

c. 2. Increase of Tillage, &c.

All recited Acts further continued until End of next Parliament,

II.

»& 3 P. &M. c.j. Relief of the Poor, continued for the like Period.

Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, shoulde contynue and endure in their force & strengthe and also bee observed and kept untill the last daye of the next Plem'; as by the same Acte amongest other thinges theryn conteyned more playnly appearethe : And Where in the Pliament holden at Westfti in the xxxvu* yere of the reigne of our sayd late Sovereyne Lorde King Henry theight, One Acte was made for the preservacbn of Woodds, tendure for seven yeres then next following, and from thence to thende of the next Plant*; as by the same Acte more playnly it dothe and maye appeare: And Where also at the Plement holden at Westminster in the seven and thirtye yeare of the reigne of the said late King Henrye Theight, and ther contynued and kepte until the dissoluc&n therof. It was enacted & ordeyned, that all & singler the said Actes above remembred and every of them, (Except the sayd [Atte * ] made for the preservac&n of Woodes as is aforesaid,) shoulde contynue and endure in their force and strengthe, and also bee observed and kept untill the last daye of the next Pliament then next following; as by the same Acte amonges other thinges therin conteyned more playnely appearethe: And Where also at the Sessyon of the Pliam* ended at Westm the xiiij,b daye of Marche in the thirde yere of the reigne of our late Sovereyne Lorde King Eduarde the Syxthe one Acte was made for the trewe curryeng of Leather, whiche Acte was made tendure to thende of the nexte Plant*; as by the same Acte more playnely aperethe : And Where also at the Session of a Plem* ended at Westm the first daye of Februarye in the fourthe yere of the Reigne of our said late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Eduarde the Syxte, One Acte was then and ther made concerning the buyeng of Rother Beastes; And also One other Acte was then & ther made touchyng the buyeng and sellyng of Butter & Cheese; whiche said severall Actes were then and ther made tendure and continue unto thende of the nexte Plam', as by the same severall Actes more at large it dothe and maye appeare : And Where also at the Session of a Pleam* by prorogacfin holden at Westfii the xxiij*1* daye of Januarye in the fifthe yere of the Rayne of our sayd late Sovereyne Lorde King Edoarde the Syxthe, One other Acte was then and ther made ageynst Regratours and Forstallers, tendure to thende of the nexte Plam*: all and singler whiche said Actes above mentioned, together withe the said Acte for the preservaffin of Wooddes, at a Pliament holden at Westffi the firste daye of Marche in the seventhe yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereyne Lorde King Edoarde the Sixthe, and ther contynued and dissolved the last daye of the same Monethe of Marche, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were there contynued and revived to stande in their force and strengthe untill the last daye of the next Pliament: And Where also at the Sessyon of a Plement holden by prorogac&n at Westm the xxiiij*h daye of October in the first yere of the Reigne of the late

Quene Marye, Syster to the Quenes Highnes that now ys, and there contynued and kept untill the dissoluc&n therof.

All and singler thactes above mentioned, and before that tyme continued at sundry Pliam'f as is aforesayd, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteined, were ther revived and continued to stande

in their force and strengthe unto the last daye of the next Plement: And Where also at a Plem* begone and

holden at Westm the xij*1 daye of November in the firste and seconde yeres of the Reignes of the late King Philyppe and Quene Marye, and ther continued and kepte untyll the dissoluc&n of the same, being the xvj* daye of Januarye then next ensuing, all and singler thactes above remembred that were before that tyme contynued at sundry Plementes as is aforesayd, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, were by thaucthoritee of the said Plem* there revived and contynued, to stande in their force and strengthe unto the last daye of the next Pliament: And where also at a Plam* begune and holden at Westm the xxj daye of October in the seconde and thirdde yeres of the Reignes of the said late King Phillip and Quene Mary and ther continued untill the dissolucbn of the same, being the ix*‘ daye of December then next ensuing, One Acte was then and ther made for the keeping of Mylche Kyne, and for the breeding and reering of Calves ; and one other Acte for the reedifieng of decaied Houses of Husbandrye and for thencrease of Tillage; the said twoo severall Actes to endure till the last daye of the nexte Pliament; as by the same more at large dothe appeare: And forasmuche as all and singler the said severall Actes above mentyoned be good and beneficiall for the Commonwelthe of this Realme, Be it therfore enacted ordeyned and established by the Quenes most excellent Ma'ie w*h thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Commons in this pnte Pliam* assembled and by thauctoririe of the same. That all and singler the sayd severall Actes and Statutes above mentioned and [remembred1 ] and every of them, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in them and every of them conteyned, shalbe revived continued stande and endure in their foil force and strengthe to all internes contrucc&ns and purposes, and shalbe observed and kepte in all thinges untill the last daye of the nexte Plyament.

And where in the Pliament begune and holden at Westm the xxj*l‘ daye of October, in the seconde and thirde yeares of the Reignes of the sayd late King Philippe and Quene Marie, and ther contynued and kepte untyll the ninthe daye of December then next [following,3 ] One Acte was then and ther made, entituled An Acte for the Releef of the Poore, and to endure to the later ende of the first Session of the next Parliament; Forasmuche as the sayd Acte ys good and benefyciall to the Common welthe of this Realme, Be it therfore enacted ordeyned and established by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That the sayd Acte last above mentyoned and rehearsed, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteyned, shalbee revyved contynued stande and endure in foil force and strengthe to all Internes and Purposes, and shalbee observed and kepte in all thinges, untill the last daye of the nexte Plyament.

1 Acte 0.

* rehersed 0.

5 ensuinge 0.

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 19.

381

h

*i.

H

Hi

>4

J*

fc

it

is

ki

Hi

TO

III

tk

k

U

m

ii

U

P

P'

It

ik

it

ti

e

It

it

it

it

a

p

«!

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acts giving Aucthoritie to the Queues Majestie uppon thadvoidance of any Archebishoppriche or Bishoppriche to take into her Handes certeine of the Temporall Possessions therof, recompensing the same with Psonages Impropriate and Tenthes.

THE Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, pceyving howe necessarye yt ys for the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme to bee repayred withe Restituc&n of Revenues meete for the same, and having assented and fully accorded to restore to the same Imperyall Crowne the Firste Fruites [of1] Tenthes and Psonages Impropryate, for thencrease of the Revenue therof, bee also desirous to devise some good Meanes wherby the said Revenue of Tenthes and Impropryate Benefices might bee in the governance and disposic&n of the Clergie of this Realme, being most apte for the same, in suche sorte as yet therby the sayd Imperyall Crowne shoulde not bee in any wise dyminished in the sayd restored Revenue; And therfore beseche yo' Ma"* that it maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnt Pliament in maner and fourme hereafter following, That ys to saye: Upon the vacaf&n and advoydance of every Archebishoprick or Bishoprick within this yo' Realme of Englande and Wales and other yo' Highnes Domynions, yt shall and maye bee lawfull for yo' Highnes to electe and choose and to take into yo' Handes and Reall Possession asmuche and so manye of anye the Honoures Castelles Mano" Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes beyng parcell of the Possessions of any suche Archebisshoprick or Bysshoprick so being voyde, as the clere yerely valewe of all yo' Ma"" Psonagf Appropriate and yerely Tenthes w^in every suche Archebishopricke or Bisshopricke shall yerely amounte and extende unto; And for the tryall of [every *] valewe of suche Hono" Castelles Mano" Landes Tenem'f and Hereditamentes, yt shall and may bee lawful for yo' Highnes from tyme to tyme to directe yo' Ires of Comission under yo' Highnes Greate Seale of Englande into every suche Archebysshoprick or Bishoprick so being voyde, to suche psons as yo' Mu'1" shall thinck mete and convenient, gyving them aucthoritee therby to surveye suche Honno" Castelles Mano" Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes (1 ) pcell of the Possessions of the same Archebisshopricke or Bisshoprick so being voyde as to yo' Ma'" shalbe thought mete and convenient to bee taken into yo' Highnes Handes and Possessyon, and therupon to certefye the very clere yerely value therof over all Charges and Repryses, into yo' Highnes Courte of Exchequer, at suche daye and tyme as by the sayd Comission shalbe lymited and appointed; and after suche Certyficate into the saide Courte of Exchequer of the clere yerely value of suche Honno" Castelles Mano" Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes so had and made, It shall and may bee lawfull for yo' Highnes by yo' Ires Patentes to gyve and assure unto suche Archebisshopp and Bishoppe and his Successoures, as shalbce preferred and consecrated Archebysshopp or Bisshopp of suche Archebisshopricke or Bishoprick so being voyde, so muche and so many of yo' yerely Tenthes Tithes and Psonagf appropriated being within the same Archbishopprick or Bisshoprick as shalbee of asmuche or of more yerely valewe as the said Hono" Castells Mano" Lands Tents or Hereditamentes so certefied into yo' sayd Court of Exchequer bee certefied unto; And that imediatly upon suche Gifte and Grante made by yo' Highnes, and the same by yo' Ma'" under yo' Sygnet or Sygne Manuell signified into yo' Threasourer and Barons of yo' sayd Courte of Exchequer, togither withe yo' Pleasure for the reteyning and keping of the sayd Hono" Castells Mano" Landes Tenementf or other Hereditamentes so certefied into yo' said Courte of Exchequer, in leiwe and place of the said Tenthes Tythes and Psonagf Appropriate, the same and suche Hono" Castles Mano" Landes Tenementes and other Hereditamentes as so shall then bee certefied into yo' said Courte of Exchequer, shalbe ‘adjudged vested and demed

by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliament actually and really in yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successo", and be from

thensforthe united and annexed to Thimperiall Crowne of this your Realme for ever, and from thensforthe shalbee

in thorder survey rule and governance of yo' said Courte of Exchequer, in suche like maner and forme as other

yo' Highnes Possessions and Hereditamentf be at this pnte.

Provided alwais and bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to gyve any Libertye or Aucthoritee to yo' Highnes to take from any suche Archebishoprick or Bisshoprick any of the Mansyon Howses, comonly used for the Habitacftn or Dwelling of any suche Archbishoppe or Bisshopp, or any the Demean Landes comonly used or occupyed w‘h any suche Mansion or Dwelling House or Howses or any of them, or to take any other Landes or Tenementes comonly used and kepte in the manurance tillage or manuell Occupac&n of any Archebishopp or Bisshopp for the maynten*nce of Hospitalitie and good House keeping; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

Saving to all and every pson and psons Bodyes Politike and Corporate their Heires and Successoures, and [to«] Theires and Successoures of everye of them, other then the sayd Archebisshoppes and Bishoppes and their Successoures, aH suche Estate Right Title Tearme and Interest Rent Profet Offices or Comodities as they or any of them have shoulde might or ought to have had in or to any Hono" Castles Mano" Lands Tents or other Hereditamentes whatsoever, in suche like maner forme and condicon to all Intentf and Purposes as if this Acte had never been had nor made; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That all Giftes Grantes Feoffamentes Fynes or other Conveyance or Estates, from the first daye of this pnte Pliament to be had made doone or suffred by any Archbishoppe or Bysshoppe, of any Hono" Castles Mano" Landes Tents or other Hereditamentes being pcell of the

For regulating the Reatitution to the Crown of Tenths, itc.

On the Avoidance of every Archbishoprick and Bishoprick, the Queen may-elect and take into her Hands so much of their Possessions as shall be of the Value of the several Parsonages Appropriate and Tenths, ire. of the Crown; to be ascertained by Commissioners for that Purpose, and certified into the Exchequer; and may assure to the severall Sees to much of the said Parsonages and Tenths as shall be equal in Value to such Possessions ; and such Possessions shall then be annexed to the Crown for ever.

II.

Proviso for the Mansion House and Demean Lands, &c. of the See.

m.

General Saving of Titles for Strangers.

IV.

1 and 0.

• the verie O.

s being O.

* O. omits.

382

1° Eliz. c. 19, 20.

A.D. 1558-9.

All Grant., &c. by Bishop., except to the Crown, for any Term exceeding li Yean, &c. at the usual Rents, declared void.

Possessions of his Archbissoprick or Bisshoprick, or united apperteyning or belonging to any the same Archebissoprickes or Bishoprickes, to any pson or psons Bodyes Politike or Corporate, (other then to the Quenes Highnes her Heires or Successoures,) wherby any Estate or Estates should or may passe from the same Archbishoppes or Bishopes or any of them, (other then for the terme of xxj yeres or three Lyves, from suche time as any suche Lease Grante or Assurance shall beginne, and wherupon the olde accustomed yerely Rent or more shalbe reserved & payable yearly during the sayd terme of xxj yeres or three Lyves,) shalbee utterly voyde and of none Effecte to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes ; Any Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Subsidies immemoriallT granted to the Crown by Parliament, for the Safeguard of the Seas, &c.;

For providing such Safeguard when necessary.

Grant to the Queen, of a Subsidy of Tonnage ; viz.

3 s. per Ton on all Liquors imported ; 3 s additional on all Sweet Wines imported by Aliens, 8c 12d. per Awme on Rhenish Wine. Poundage, viz.

12 d. per Pound on all Goods exported and imported; and 13d. additional on Tin and Pewter exported by Aliens.

II.

Exceptions from Poundage, viz. Cloths exported by Subjects;

Wool, &c. exported; and Wine, Fish, Sec. imported.

hi.

Subsidies on Wool, &c. exported; viz. by Subjects,

33s. 4-d. per Sack of Wool, &c.

3. 6s. 8d. per East of Hides:

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte of the Subsidye of Tonage and Pondage.

IN their most humble wise shewen unto yor most excellent Ma"*, yor poore and obedient Subjectes and Comons in this yor pnte Pliament assembled, That wher aswell yor noble Grandefather of worthye memorie King Henrye the Seventhe, the most victorious and mightye Prynce King Henry the Eight yo' most deere Father, the late Prynce of worthye memorye King Edwarde the Syxte yor most entyerly beloved Brother, and our late Sovereigne Ladye Quene Marye yor most deere Syster, as other yor right noble and famous Progenitoures Kinges of this yo' Realme of Englande, tyme out of mynde have had and enjoyed unto them, by aucthorite of Pliament, for the defence of the same nowe yo' Realme and the kepyng and saulfgarde of the Seas, for thentrecourse of Marchandyse safely to come into and to passe out of the same; certayne somes of Moneye named Subsidyes of all maner of Gooddes and Marchandise coming in or goyng out of the same yor Realme: And forasmuche as Wee yo' said poore Comons undoubtedly and most assuredly doo trust and have sure confidence in yo' Ma*" goodd favour and will towardes Us yor sayd poore Commons, in and for the keping and sure defending of the Seas against all psons intending or that shall intende the disturbance of us yo' sayd Comons in thentrecourse and thinvading of this yo' Realme, to owre molestacon inquieting and losse, whiche at any tyme cannot bee borne without the greate Excesse and intollerable Costes Chardges and Expenses of yor Malle whiche ys not (when nede shall require in suche Cases) to bee lacked at any tyme; But reither Wee yo' sayd Comons wysshing that suche Furniture of all thinges maye bee had in readynes from tyme to tyme when necessitee shal require for the spedye [undelayed1 ] provysyon and helpe for the suppressing of such Inconveniences Disturbances and Invasions, humbly desyre yo' most Excellent (*) bennignely and favourably to take accepte and receyve theis our poore Grantes hereafter ensuing; as granted of true hartes and good willes whiche we beare unto your Highnes towardes yor sayde greate Costes Chardges and Expenses, whiche maye bee expended and layd out by yo' Matk for the Causes aforesayd when nede shall requyre, as the first fruites of our good willes and hartes towardes yo' Highnes ; althoughe the same doo or hereafter shall nothing in elfecte contervaile the same yo' greate Chardges, nor yet Wee yo' sayd poor C5mons able fully to gratefie yo' Highnes by any meanes 5 yet nevertheles Wee yo' sayd poore Comons by Thadvise and Consent of the Lordes Spuall and Teinpall in this yo' pnte Pliam1 assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same, to thintent aforesayd, gyve and grant to yo" our supreme liege Ladye and Sovereigne, One Subsidye called Tonnage; that is to saye, Of every Tonne of Wyne coming, or that shall or is come into this yo' Realme, by waye of Mar^handize, the some of Three shilingf, and so after the rate; And of every Tonne of Swete Wyne aswell [MalveseyeJ] as other, that shall or ys come into the same yo' Realme by every or any Marchante Alyen, aswell by the Marchauntes of Haunce and Almayne as by any other Marchaunte Straunger of what Natyon soever he bee, Three shillingf, and so after the rate, over and above the three shillingf afore granted; And of every Aume of Renishe Wine coming or that shall or ys come into this yo' Realme by way of Marchaundise, by every or any Marchaunte Denizen or Alyen of what natyon soever he or they bee, Twelfe pens : And also One other Subsidie called Pondage; that is to say, Of all maner of Goodes and Marchaundises of every Marchant Denizen and Alyen whatsoever he bee, caried and to be caried out of this yo' sayd Realme, or brought or to be brought into the same by waye of Marchaundise, of the value of every Twentye shillinges of the same Gooddes and Marchaundise Twelfe pens, and so after the rate; And of every Twenty shillinges value of Tynne and Pewter Vessell caried out of this yo' Realme by any and every Marchaunte Alyen xij d. over and above the xij d. aforesayd.

Excepte and alwayes forprysed out of this Grante of Subsidye of Pondage, all maner of Wollen Clothe made or wrought or that shalbee made and wrought within this yo' Realme of Englande, and by every or any Marchaunt Denizen, and not borne Alyen, caried or to bee caried out of this yo' sayd Realme; And all maner of Woolles Woollfelles and Hides and Backes of Leather also caried or to bee caried out of this yo' Realme; And all Wynes and all maner of fireshe Fishe and Bestyall coming or that ys or shall come into the same yo' Realme.

And further Wee yo' sayd poore Comons, by thadvise assent and aucthoritee aforesayd gyve and graunt unto yo" our sayd (4) liege Ladye and Sovereigne, for the Causes aforesaid. One other Subsidye of all maner of Woll Woollfelles and Leather caried or to be carried out of this yo' Realme in maner and fourme following; that is to saye, Of every Marchaunt Denyzcn of and for every Sack of Wooll, Thirtye three shillingf sour pens, and for every twoo hundrethe fowrtye Woollfelles Thirtye three shillinges foure pens, and of and for every Last of Hides and Backes of every suche Marchaunte Denizen, Three pounds syxe shillingf eight pens; And of every Marchaunt Straunger not borne yo' liege

1 indylayed O.

- Majestic 0.

1 Malmesey O.

* Sovaigne O.

A.D. 1558-9.

1°Eliz. c. 20.

383

t*

I*

Mi

*1

h

ft*

I*

!»'

I*

w

a

9b

ia

Pi

an

a>

ni

lx

il*

ik

1* hi ti Ift at eft a'

if

it*

M

ft

ft*

man aswell those that bee made Denizens as hereafter shalbee made by tres Patentes or otherwyse, as all other by Alien* ^ Marchant Strangers, of and for every Sack of Wooll three powndes syxe shillingf eight pens, and of and for every uJ,n Wool., ke. twoo hundrethe fowrtye Woollfelles, Three powndes sixe shillingf eight pens, and also for every Laste of Hides and ^Hide'ex^rted Backes [ powndes 1 ] thyrtene shillingf sour pens; And so of all the said Wolles Woolfelles Hides and Backes and every of them, after the rate, that so ys or shalbee caryed : To have take enjoye and pceyve the Subsidies aforesayd All the Sub*idie* and every of them, and every pte and pcell of them, to yor Highnes from the Sixtene day of November last past during ^«n>, £if*. * your lyes naturall.

IV*

And further Wee yo' said poore Comons most humbly desyer yor Ma"' that yt maye bee enacted by your Highnes The uid 6r»nt» by thadvise and assent of the Lordes aforesayd, and Us yo' sayd Comons, and by thaforesaid aucthoritee of this confirmed, pnte Pliament assembled. That the Giftes and Grauntes aforesayd shalbee goodd and effectuall according to the trewe meaning of the same.

And that yt may bee further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf any Wynes Goodes Marchandises Good* exported or Woolles Woollfelles Hides and Backes of Leather aforesayd, or other thinges afore specyfied, whefof the Subsydyes p'.^m’oTdu^, aforesayd or any of them ys or shalbee hereafter due, shall at any tyme hereafter during the tyme aforesayd, shall be forfeited, bee shipped, or put into any Boat Crayer Shippe or Vessell to that intent, to be caried into the ptes of beyonde the Seas, or els be brought from the parties of beyonde the Seas into any Porte Haven Creeke or other place of this yor Realme by waye of Marchandyze, and there layde on Lande, (the Subsidies aforesayd of the Premisses due or to bee due by reason of this Grante not payde, or the Collecto' of the same Subsidye or his Deputie, withe and by the Consent Knowledge and Agreament of the Comptroller and Surveyour or one of them at the least, not agreed withe for the same in the Custome Howse according to the true meaning and intent of these aforesaid Grantes and every of them,) that then from the sayd xvj,l> daye of November last past and not before, all the sayd Wynes Goodes Marchandyze Wolles Woolfelles Hides and Backes, and other the Premisses aforesaid, and every pte and pcell therof so shipped, orels put into any Boates Craier or other Vessell aforesayd to thintent aforesaid, or brought into this Realme, and ther layde on Lande as ys also aforesayd, shalbe and remayne forfeite to yo' Highnes during the time aforesayd, Thone Moietie or the Value therof to yo1 Highnes, and thother Moietie to him or them that shall sease the same or sue for the same.

And that it maye please yo' Highnes, That all Marchauntes aswell Denisens as Strangers coming into this Merchants shall yor Realme, bee well and honestly entreated and demeaned, for suche thinges as Subsidie by this Acte is granted bc protected, for, as they were in the time of yo' sayd noble Progenito", w'"out oppresson to them to be doon; payeng [thaforesaid Subsidies.1 ]

And further that yt maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf any Goodes Marchandises Woolles proviM^ol Woollfelles or Leather aforesayd or any parte therof, of any Marchant Denysen naturally borne your liege Man, Good* of Subject* whiche hathe or shall passe out of this yo' said Realme after the xvj"‘ day of November last paste, during the °* * terme of this Gyfte and Grante, hathe or shall happen to bee taken withe Ennemies or Pyrates upon the Sea, or perishedd by Infortune in any Shippe or Shippes that shall happen to bee taken or perished within the tyme of the said Grante, wherof the Subsidies aforesayd or any of them, to yo' Highnes due or to bee due, ys or shalbee in forme aforesayd dulye payde or agreed for, without Fraude or Collusyon, and such Losse or Losses as been before rehearsed bee founde and proved before the Treasurer of Englande or the Cheifc Baron of yo' Exchequer for the tyme beyng, by thexaminactin of the same Marchantes yf they bee alyeve, or of their Executors or Administratouces yf they bee dead, or twoo trewe credible psones sworne or other reasonable witnes and proves swome, witnessing the same Marchandises so to bee lost or perished. That then the same Marchantes Denisens that were or shalbee Owners of thforesaid Gooddes Marchandises [Woolles3] Woollfelles Hides or other Marchandises aforesaid, as shalbee so perished or loste yf they bee [in'] lyes, or their Executoures and Administratores yf they bee dead, and every of them, by force and vertue of this Acte, when them lykethe during the said terme, shall or maye newly shippe asmuche Wooll Woolfelles Hides or other Gooddes and Marchandises, in the same Porte or Portes in the whiche the same Woll Woollfelles Hides or other Goodes and Marchandises aforesaid so lost and peryshed were or shalbee shipped, without any of the Subsidies aforesayd nowe granted to bee hadd or payd the'fore to yo*

Highnes in any wise; And that all suche Profites of the Premisses so to bee lost or perished, bee certefied into yo' Chancerye by yo' sayd Threasourer or Cheife Baron, ther to remayne of Recorde: And after suche Certificate made, the Chauncellour of Englande or the Lorde Keper of yo' Grete Seale for the time being, shall make and delyver unto the sayd Marchantes their Executoures or Administratoures or any of them, or to their Attourney or Atto'neies in that behalf or any of them, as many and suche Writtes and Warrantes, to bee directed aswell to the Collecto" of the Subsidies aforesayd or any or every of them for the tyme being, as to the Threasurer and Barons of yo'

Exchequer for the tyme being, shalbee thought requisite and nedefull for the said Marchantes their Executours or Administrators or their Atturney or Atturneis or any of them, or the said Collectoures or any of them to have, for thopteyning as well of the Shipping as of thallowance therof.

And further, That every Marchant Denysen that shall shippe hereafter any Wooll Woolfelles Hides or any other Good*'»h!pped Goodes and Marchandise in any Carrick or Galleye, shall paye to yo' Ma"* during the tyme aforesaid, all manner of -- Carricks, &c. Customes and all the Subsidies aforesaid, as any Alien borne out of this yo' Realme. AlienDuty.

1 iij li. O.

* the Subsedies aforcseid O. 5 Wolle O. * on 0.

Gck -ole

384

1° Eliz. c. 21.

A.D. 1558-9.

Motivet of thii Subiidy; Support of the Crown, &c.

Grant of Two whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable in Two Years, deducing £6,oooo. out of each for l’oor Towns, &c.

II.

Collectors shall be named by the Members of Parliament, for the several Shires, See.

and allotted to several Divisions;

and chargeable for the same severally;

CHAPTER XXL (')

An Acte of a Subsidye and ij. XVlh and X" by the Tempaltye.

THE care Whiche we do perceyve yo' Majestie hathe, most noble and redoubted Soveragne, to reduce this Realme and Thempiall Crowne therof now lately so sore shaken so impoverisshed so inffeobled and weakened, into the formor Estate Strength and Glory, doth make Us not onely to [- - - -*] in the greate bounteousnes of Almightie God, who hath so marvelously and beyond all worldly Expectation preserved yor Ma"* in these late diffyculte and daungerous tymes, but also to study and bend all our Wyttes and force of Understanding how we may, like lovyng and obedyent Subjectes, follow o' heade in this so noble and so necessarie an Enterprise; And considering w,h our selves that the decay hath ben, besides many other thinges, especyally in thes three. First, wasting of Treasure, abandoning of Strength, and in dymynishing of the auncyent Authoritye of yo' Imperiall Crowne; We do most ernestly and faithfully promyse to yo' Highness that there shall lacke no good Will Travell nor Force on our Behalfd to the redresse of all this, but we shalbe redy w* Hert Will Strenght Bodie Lyves and Goodes, not only to recover againe that wcU is thus deminished, but if nede be to recover further, (as far as Right and the Will and Pleasure of God shall suffer,) tholde Dignytie and Renowne of this Realme, the tyme and place whereof doth not rest in us, but, as most reason is, in yo' most noble Ma"* w4 thadvice of yo' Honerable Counsayle: Nevertheles since it doth so manifestly appere to us all, what inestimable Wasting and Consumptyon of the Treasure and auncient Revenues of this Realme hath ben of late dayes, and what greate new Charges and intollerable Expenses yo' Highnes is forced now to susteyne, by reason of the Decay and Losse of pcell of your auncient Crowne, so being not ignoraunt that no worthy Enterprise, no noble Attempte, no not so much as the preservacion of a strong and puissant Estate, may be wthout some masse of Treasure p^sently to be hadd and redy against all Occurrentf ; Therfore We your most obedient and loving Subjectes the Lords Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this p>sent Plyament assembled, to shew our willing Hartes and good Myndes, upon mature Consultacftn had, have condiscended and agreed w‘" one voice and most entier affectyons to make yo' Highnes at this tyme a psent; not such in dede as in our affections we do wishe it, and as we knowe most certenly ought to be, but yet of yor accustomed Clemencye w4 you do shew to all Men, We humbly on our knees pray yor Highnes not to reject it, but to accept our good Willes and hartie Desyres herein, and that this our small Gyfte may be by yo' Highnes the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Plyament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same enacted, and be it enacted, That yo' Highnes towards the said great Costes and inestymable Charges, shall have by aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, Two whole Fyftenes and Tenthes to be paid taken and levied of the moveable Goodes Cattalles, and other Things usuall to such Fyftenes and Tenthes to be contrybutory and chargeable w"*in the Shires Cyties Boroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Ma,te* Realme, in Maner and Forme afore tyme used; Except the some of Twelve thowsand powndf thereof fully to be deducted, That is to sey; vj M powndf of either of the said whole Fyftenes and Tenthes, of the some that one whole XVth and X,h attayneth unto, in relief comfort and dischardge of the pore Townes Cities and Boroughes of this yo' said Realme wasted desolate or destroyed, or overgretely impoverished, after such Rate as was and hath afore this tyme ben had and made unto every Shere, and to be devided in such Maner and Forme as heretofore for one whole XVth and Xth hath ben had and devided: And the said two whole XVU" and Tenthes (Thexcepcions and Deduccions aforesaid thereuppon had deducted and allowed) to be paid in Mann! and Forme following. That is to say; The first whole Fyftene and Tenth, except before excepted, to be paid to yor Highness in the Receipt of yo' Highnes Exchequer, before the x* daye of November next coming; And the sayd seconde XV111 and Xth, except before excepted, to be payed to yor Highnes in the Receipte of yo' Exchequer before the x,h day of November in the yere of our Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred and three skore.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That the Knightes elected and returned of and for the Shires wlin this Realme for this psent Pliament, Cytezens of Cities and Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes where Collectors have ben used to be named and appointed for the Collection of any XVth and Xth before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoint yerely before the last day of August in either of the said two yeres, sufficient and able psons for the collection of the said XV. and Xu‘ in epy( of the said Sheres Cyties Boroughes and Townes, the said psons then having Landes Teiitf and other Heredytamentf in his or their owne right of an Estate of Enheritaunce of the yerely Value of x ti. or in Goodes wo'th C h at the least; And also such pson or psons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collection of either of the said XV,h and X‘h, shalbe by them sePally appointed and allotted into Hundredes Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes; And also the said psons so named and appointed for the collection of the same Fyftenes and Tenthes, shalbe charged and chargeable, uppon his or their Accompt or Accomptes in Theschequer to be made, w*11 all suche sume or somes of Money as the Hundredes Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appointed amounte unto, & of no more some or somes j And uppon the payment of such somes of Money as he or they shalbe charged w" shalbe discharged and have his or their Quiet est, the non accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or thynsuffyeientcy of them or any of them notwithstanding; And the names and surnames of epy the said Collectours

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

’ illegible.—rejoice much Printed Copiei.

A.D. 1558-9

1° Eliz. c. 21.

385

*1

fc

It

a

ft

it

6

m

ti

it

a

it

h

a

li

i

i

r/

to

ft

ft

ft

ft

ik

ft

i«

b

i

ft

for the said XVth and Xth during either of the said two yeres, together w,u the place allotted to their Colleccon and Chardge, the said Knightes Cytezens and Burgesses for the Sheres Cyties and Boroughes whereunto they be elected named and reto'ned, shall certifie before the Quene in her Chauncery, before the xiiju* day of October in ev’y of the same two yeres, according to the teno' of this Acte: And if defaulte of any such certyfying be had or made in forme as is aforesaid, then the I-ord Chauncelo' of England or Kep of the Great Seale for the tyme being, shall immediatly after name and appointe Collectors for the Collection of either of the said XVUl and Xth in maner and forme as the said Knightes of the Shire Cytezens of Cyties and Burgesses of Boroughes shuld have done and as aforetyme have ben used; The wcb said Collectors and ePy of them, shall have like Allowaunces uppon their Accomptes for their Fees Wages and Rewardes for the Colleccon of the said XV1" and X'" in as large man! and forme as any Collecto* or Collectors of XV. and Xth have had at any season in tyme past; And that the Barons of the Quenes Excheker for the tyme being, shall and may from tyme to tyme awarde such Proces for the spedy Payment thereof against the Collecto' and Collectours for the same as by their discrescions shalbe thought convenient.

Provided alwaye and be it enacted by thaucthoritie of this psent Plyament, That the said Lord Chauncelo' or Kep of the Great Seale for the tyme being, Knightes of the Shires, Cytezens of Cyties and Burgesses of Boroughes Townes and other places, having aucthoride by this psent Acte to name and noiate the said Collectors of or for the said Fyftenes and Tenthes, shall uppon their noiacion and eleccion had and made, take by aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, sufficient Recognizaunces or by Obligacion of ev'y pson so by them to be named, to be bounde to the Quenes Ma'1* in the doble some of the somes of their Collection, and to be endorsed uppon such condycion that if the said Collecto' or Collectours do truly content and pay to the use of the Quenes Highnes in her Receipt of Thescheker before the x*" day of November in ev’y of the said two yeres, so much of the some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection, as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and do likewise after the said x'h day of the Moneth of November in ev’y of the said two yeres, content and pay to the Quenes Mall" use at the same Receipt the Residue of his Collection and Chardge, w'"in one Moneth next after such tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the Recognizaunce or Obligation to be voide, or ells to stand in his full streinght and vertue; wd> Recognizance or Obligation so taken, the said Knightes of the Shere Cytezens and Burgesses, and ev'y of them taking any such Recognisaunces or Obligacion, shall certifie and delyver to the Lord Treasorer and Barons of the same Escheker before the said x"‘ day of November in ev'y of the same yeres, uppon paine of forfeiture of xti. to the Quenes Highnes for ev’y Recognizaunce or Obligacion so to be taken and not certified; And that ev’y such Collecto' uppon request to hym made, shall make and knowledge the same Recogniz*unce or Obligacion accordingly, uppon like payne and forfeiture of x li. to the Quene for his refusell thereof; and that the Tresourer or Barons of Thexchequer, uppon the payment of the same Collection, or at the said Daies, shall cancell and delyver the said Recognizance or Obligacon to the said Collecto' or Collecto" w,hout any Fee or Reward to be paid to any pson for the same.

And furthermore for the great and weightye Considerations aforesaid, We the Lordes Spuall and Temporal), and the Comons of this psent Plament assembled, do by our like Assent and Aucthoritie of this Plament, gyve and graunt to yo' Highnes o' said Sov’eign Ladye the Quenes Ma,ic yo‘ heires and successors, One entier Subsidie to be rated taxed levied and paid at two sev’all Paymentf, of ev’y pson Spuall and Temporall, of what Estate or Degre he or they be, according to the teno' of this Acte, in maS and forme folowing, that is to say ; Aswell of ev’y pson borne w*"in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and ev’y Fraternitie Guilde Corporation Mysterie Brotherhead, and Comynaltie, corporated or not corporated, w"‘in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, being worth Fyve powndf, for ev’y pownde aswell in Coyne and the value of ev’y pounde that ePy such Pson Fraternitie Guilde CorporacUn Mystery Brotherheade Comynaltie, corporat or not corporat, hath of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stocke of iflchaundyzes all maS of Corne and Blades Howsehold Stuff and of all other Goods moveable, aswell w^in the Realme as w,hout, and of all such somes of money as to hym or them is or shalbe owing, wherof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to be paid. Except and owt of the pmisses deducted, such somes of money as he or they owe and in his or their consciences intendeth truly to pay, And except also thapparell of such psones their Wyves & Childern belonging to their owne Bodies, (saving Jewellf Gold Sylver Stone and Pearle,) shall pay to and for the first payment of the seid Subsidie xx d. of ev’y pounde, and to and for the second payment of the said Subsidie xij d. of ev’y pounde: And also ev’y Alyen and Stranger borne out of the Quenes obeysaunce, aswell Denizen as others inhabytyng w"'in this Realme, of ev’y pounde that he or they have in Coyne, and the value of ev’y pounde in Plate Corne Grayne Merchandyzes Household Stuff or other Goodes Jewellf Cattellf movable or unmovable as is aforeseid, aswell w"‘in this Realme as w"'out, and of all somes of money to hym or them owyng, whereof he or they trust in his or their consciences to be paid, (Excepte and of the same pmisses deducted ev’y such some or somes of money wc" he or they do owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truly to pay,) shall pay of and for ev’y pounde to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsidie, iij s. iiij d. and to and for the second payment of the said Subsidie ij s. of ev’y pounde: And also that ev’y Alyen and Stranger borne out of the Quenes Domynyons, being Denizen or not Denizen, not beyng contributory to any of the Rates abovesaid, shall pay to and for the first payment of the seid Subsidie, iiij d. and to and for the second payment of the said Subsedie, other iiij d. for ev’y Polle ; And the M' or he or she w,h whom the same Alyen is or shalbe abyding at the tyme of the taxation or taxations thereof, to be charged w*’' the same for lack of payment thereof.

and their Names certified into Chancery;

or in Default such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor.

III. Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for one Payment of the Subsidy.

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty ; via. amounting to £f, of Natives,

I st Payment, and id Payment, tad. in the Pound:

On Aliens, Js. +d. andss.in the Pound, on all Personalty.

Poll Tax of Two Payments of ^d. on Aliens not liable to Subsidy.

386

1° Eliz. c. 21.

A.D. 1558-9.

v.

Further Subiidy on Land* of ioi. per Ann. ind upwards, viz. on NitiTei,

I it Payment, as. 8d. ad Payment, it.4d.i upon Aliens,

;i. 4d. and as. 8d.

Exemption.

Mode of rating Personalty, &c.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, &c.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies yearly

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« } XXVIII.]

VIL Rating of Absentees and others according to Assessments, Sec.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforeseid. That ev*y pson borne under the Quenes obeysaunce, and ev*y Corporac&n Fratemitie Guiide Mysterye Brotherheade and Comynaltie, corporat or not corporat, for ev*y pounde that ev*y of the same pson, and evy Corporacon Fratemitie Guiide Mysterie Brotherheade and Comynaltie, corporat or not corporat, or any other to his or their use hathe in Fee Symple Fee Tayle for terme of Lyfe, terme ofYeres by Execucfin Wardeshipp or by Copy of Court Roull, of & in any Hono" Castellf Mano'* Landes Tents Rents Services Hereditamentf Anuities Fees Corodies or other yerely Profittf of the yerely value of xx s. as well auncient Demeane and other Places pryvileged or ellfwhere, and so upwardes, shall pay to & for the first payment of the said Subsedie, ijs. viij d. of and for evy pounde, and to and for the second payment of the seid Subsidie, xvj d. of and for ev*y pounde: And ev'y Alien borne out of the Quenes obeysaunce, in such case to pa'r at the first of the seid paymentf, v s. iiij d. of e$y pounde, and at the second payment ij s. viij d. of and for ev*y pounde; And that all somes (Psented and chargeable by this Acte either for Goodes and Debtes, or either of them, or for Lands and Tents & other the pPmisses as is in this Acte conteyned, shall be at either of the sayd paymentf set & taxed after the Rate and Porc&n according to the true meaning of this Acte; (Landes and Tefites chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergy, and yerely Wages due to serv"ntf for their yerely service, other then the Quenes serv*ntes taking yerely Wages of fyve pounds or above, onely excepted and forprysed) : And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goodes Debtes & Cattellf psonallf, being in the Rule and Custodie of any pson and psons to thuse of any Corporafftn Fratemitie Guiide Mysterie Brotherheade or any Comynaltie, beyng corporat or not corporat, be and shalbe rated set and charged by reason of this Acte, as the value certified by the presenters of that Certyfycat to be sworn of ev'y pounde of Goodes and Debtes as is aboveseid, And of evy pounde in Landes Tefitf Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yerely Profittf as is abovesaid ; and the somes that arre before rehersed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such Goodes in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Landes as is before rehersed; And the same pson or psons & Body Corporat by aucthoritie of this Acte, shalbe discharged against hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delivery therof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custodye or Possession of the same: Excepte and alwaies forprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsidie, all Goodes Cattallf Juellf & Ornamentf of Churches and Chapellf, wth have ben ordeyned and used in Churches or Chapellf for the hono' and service of Almightie God.

And the first paiment of the said Subsidie shalbe by thaucthoritie aforesaid taxed assessed and rated according to this Act, in e9y Shere Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Boroughe Towne and ev'y other Place w*in this Realme of Englande & Wales & other the Quenes Domynyons, before the last day of Aprill next comyng; And the second payment of the seid Subsidie shalbe by thaucthoritie aforesaid, taxed assessed and rated before the xx" day of January next comyng ; and the pticuler somes of ev’y Shire Ryding Boroughe Towne & other Places aforesaid, wth the pticuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the said Subsedie, to be taxed and set by the Comyssioners to the same lymitted or two of them at the least, w" the names of the Highe Collectors; and in the same forme shalbe certyfied into the Queenes Eschequer before the last day of May next comyng: And the ptyculcr somes of ev’y Shere Ryding Borough Towne and other Places aforesaid, wth the pticuler names of such as arre chargeable for and to the second payment of the said Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by Comyssioners to the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least, w,h the names of the Highe Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the xxu daye of Februarye, w* shalbe in the yere of our Lord God M'D L1X; And the said somes in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the said Subsidie, shalbe paid into the Quenes Receipt of her Exchequier aforeseid, to thuse of o' Soveraigne Lady, before the xxiiij*h day of June next comyng ; and the said somes in maner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the second payment of the said Subsidie, shalbe paide into the Receipt aforesaid, to thuse aforesaid, before the first day of March w" shalbe in the yere of our Lord God M’D L1X : And the some aboveseid of and for the said Subsidie shalbe taxed set axed and demaunded taken gathered levyed & paid to thuse of our Sovereigne Ladye, her heires & successors in forme aboveseid, aswell w^n the Liberties Fraunchesies Sanctuaries Auncient Demene & other whatsoev1 Place, exempt or not exempt, as w^owt; Excepte such Shires Places and Psons as shalbe forprised in and by this psent Acte: Any Graunt Charter Prescription Use or Libertie by reason of any Ires Patentes or other Pryvyledge p'scripJfon Allowance of the same, or whatsoev* other matter of dischardge, heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned, notw^stonding.

And It is further enacted by thaucthoritie of this psent Plament, That every suche pson, aswell such as be borne under the Quenes obeysaunce, as ev’y other pson Stranger borne, Denizen or not Denyzen, inhabiting w,hin this Realme or w^n Wales or other the Quenes Domynions, wch at the tyme of the said assessingf or taxations or of either of them to be had or made, shalbe owt of this Realme and owt of Wales, and have Goods or Cattellf Lands or Tents Fees or Anuities or other Pfittf wlhin this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certifycat of the inhabitantf of the pties where such Goodes Cattellf Landes Tents or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in such other place where such pson or his Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have his most resorte unto w'Sn this Realme or in Wales, in like maS as yf the said pson were or had ben at the tyme of the said assessing w’hin this Realme; And that ev’y pson abiding or dwelling w^in this Realme or w,hout this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidie graunted by this Act, according and after the Rate of such yerely substance or value of Lands and Tents Goods Catellf and other the pmysses, as ev’y pson so to be charged shalbe set at in the tyme of the seid assessing or taxation upon hym to be made, Sc in none otherwise.

Go

A.D. 15 5 8-9.

1° Eliz. c. 21.

387

And further Be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, That for thassessing and ordering of the said Subsidie to be ^ VIII.

duely had, the Lord Chauncelo' of England or the Kep of the Great Seale, the Lord Treasourer of England, the Cornmiuionen

Lord Steward of the Quenes Ma'"‘ Howseholde, the Lord President of the Queenes Honorable Counsaile, and the Lord in

Pryvy Seale for the tyme being, or two of them at the least whereof the Lord Chauncelo' of England or Keap of the Shire*, Cities fcc.

Great Seale for the tyme being to be one, shall and may name & appoint of & for ePy Shere and Ryding and

other places, aswel w*in this Realme as in Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, and also of and for ev'y Citie and Towne being a Countie in it self, and of & for the Isle of Wight, suche certen nomber of psons of ev'y of the same Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cyties Townes and Isle of Wight, and every other place, 8t other thinhabitauntf of the same, to be Comyssioners of and w'hin the same, wherof they be Inhitauntf ; And also of & for the honorable Howsehold of the Quenes Ma‘" in what Shere or other Places the said Howsehold shall happen then to be; and the Lord Chauncelo' or Kep of the Great Seale, and other w"1 hym before named, in like maner may name and appointe of ev'y other such Borough and Towne Corporat, as well in England as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynions, as they shall think requisitt vj. v. iiij. iij. or ij. of the head Officers, and other sadd honest Inhabitantes of ev’y of the seid Cyties Boroughes and Townes Corporat, according to the nomber and multytude of the people being in the same: the w^ psons yf any such be therunto named of the said Inhitantf of the said ^'commU«ioner» Boroughes and Townes Corporat, not being Counties in themselves, shalbe joyned and putt in as Comissioners w'" in Corporation* i the psons named for such Shires and Ridingf as the said Boroughes and Townes Corporat, not being Counties in themselves, be set and have their being; wch psons so named for and of the said Boroughes & Townes Corporate not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take uppon them ne none of them, to put any pte of their Comission in execution for the pmisses out of the said Boroughes and Townes Corporat, wherein they being so named only for the same be dwelling; And also not to execute the said Comission w""in the Boroughe or Towne Corporat where they be so dwellyng, but at such daies and tymes as the said other Comissioners for the same Shire and Ryding shall therunto lymyt & appoynt, w"*in the same Boroughe or Towne Corporat, not beyng Countie Corporat, whereof they so be, and not owt of such Boroughe or Towne ; and in that maner to be ayding and assisting w"* the said other ComissionLs in and for the good executing of theffect of the said Comission; uppon paine of ev'y of the said ComissioSs so named for ev'y such Cytie Borough and Towne Corporat not being a Countie, to make such Fyne as the seid other Comissioners in the Comission of and for the said Shere or Ryding so named, or thre of them at the least, shall by their discrescons set and certifie into the Quenes Excheker, there to be levied to thuse of the Quenes Ma"% in like man! as such or like somes had ben set and rated uppon ev'y such pson for the said Subsidie; the wdl Comissioners so named of and for the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes not beyng Counties, and only put in the said Comission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any pte of the porcon of the Fees and Rewardes of the Comissioners and their Clerkf in this Acte afterwarde specified : And the Lord Chauncelo' Commi»ion* shall of England or Kep of the Great Seale for the tyme being, shall make and dyrect out of the Co't of Chauncery chajicery.°Ut °f under the Great Seale, sePall Comissions, that is to say. To ev'y Shere Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cytie Towne Borough Isle and Household, unto such pson and psons as by his discrescon and other w"1 hym aforenamed and apointed, in like mail! & forme as is afore reherced, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessing and levying of the said Subsedie in all Shires and Places according to the true meaning of this Acte: Wch Comission for the first payment of the said Subsidie, shalbe dyrected and delyvered to the said Comyssioners or to one of them before the first day of Aprill next coming; And the Comission for the second payment of the said Subsidee, shalbe dyrected and delyvered to the said Comyssioners or one of them before the first daye of January, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God M'D LIX : And to ev'y of the said Comyssions, tenne Scedules conteyning in them the teno' of this Acte shalbe affyled

By w* Comyssion the ComyssyoSs in ev'y such Comission named according to this Acte, and as many of them as

shalbe appointed by the said Comyssion, shall have full power and aucthoritie to put theffect of the same Cdmission

in execution: And that by aucthorytie of this Acte, after such Comission to them dyrected, they may by their assentf Commiuioner* may

& agrementf sever themselves for thexecucon of their Comyssion in Hundredes Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes their KpantT m

Townes Pishes and other Placf w"‘in the Lymittf of their said Comyssion, in such forme as to them shall seme expedient District*.

to be ordered, and betwene them to be comoned and agreed, according to the teno' and effecte of the Comyssion to

them therein dyrected, uppon wch severance ev'y pson of this psent Plament that shalbe Comissioner, shalbe assigned

in the Hundreth where he dwelleth : Provyded alwayes, that no pson be or shalbe compelled to be any Comyssioner Commiuioner* dull

to and for thexecution of this psent Acte, but onely in the Shire where he dwellith and inhabitith, And that any ,)C

pson being assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise, shall not be copelled to putt in execution theffecte of this

Act or any pte therof.

And it is also enacted by thaucthoritie of this psent Plament, That the Comissioners & ev’y of them, w‘" shalbe Commiuioner* named lymitted and apointed according to this Acte to be Comissioners in e9y such Shere Ryding Lathe Wapentake act without Rap? Cytie Towne Borough Isle and the said Howsehold or any other place, and none other, shall truly effectually and F*your’ lVc‘ * diligently for their pte execute theffect of this psent Acte according to the teno' thereof in ev'y behalf, and none

otherwise, by any other meanes, w’"out omyssion favo' dreade malyce or any other thinge to be attempted and don by

them or any of them to the contrary thereof: And the said ComissioSs and asmany of them as shalbe appointed at errtlin

by the said Comission, and none other, for thexecution of the said Cdmission and Acte, shall for the taxacdn of inhabitant*, the said first payment of the seid Subsedie, before the yj"‘ day of Aprill next comyng, and for the taxacdn of the {^afMndMerting* seid second payment of the said Subsedie, shall before the vj111 day of January w1* shalbe in the yere ot o'Lord God for putting thi* Act M'D LIX. by vertue of the C.dmissions delyvered unto them in forme abovesaid, direct their sePall or joynt precept unto in xecution-

388

1° Eliz. c. 21.

A.D. 1558-9.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be sworn to inquire and certify the Value of the Property of all Persons rateable to the Subsidies

Form of Oath;

Charge of the Commissioners to such Enquirers;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates by such Enquirers;

Penalty of 40*. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

viij. vij. vj. v. nij. or thre or more, as for the nomber of thinhabitantf shalbe requisite, of the most substancyall discrete and honest psons Inhitantf, to be named by the said Comissioris or by asmanye of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, of and in Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wardes Pishes Townes & other Placf, aswell w""in Liberties Franchesies Auncient Demeanes Places exempted and Sanctuaries as w^out, w,hin the Lymittf of the Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cyties Townes Boroughes or Isle aforesaid, and other places w^n the lymittf of their Comyssion, and to the Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other like Officers or Ministers of evy of the said Hundredes Townes Wardes Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Placf beforesaid, as to the said Comissioners and e^y nomber of them, or unto thre or ij of them by their discresc&n in dyvysion shall seme expedient, as by the maner and use of that pties shalbe requisitt; Streightly by the same pcepte charging &r comaunding the same Inhitauntf Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whom such precepte shalbe so dyrected, to appere in their prop psons before the said Comissioners or such nomber of them as they shall devyde themselves, according to the tenor of the said Comission, at certein dayes and places by the said ComissioSs or any nomber of them as is aforesaid, wthin Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporat or w,hout in any other place as is aforesaid, by their discrescbns shalbe lymitted thereunto, to do and accomplishe all that to them on the pties of the Quenes Ma'" shalbe enjoyned towching this Acte: Comaunding further by the same pcept, that he to whose Hands such pcept shall come, shall shew or deliver the same to thother Inhitantf or Offycers named in the seid pcept: And that none of them fayle to accomplishe the same, uppon paine of xl s. to be forfeited to the Quenes Ma’*.

And it is further ordeyned by thaucthoritie of this psent Plament, That the said day and place pfixed and lymyted in the said pcept, e9y of the Comyssioners then beyng in the Shere, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the day and place pfixed for that pte whereunto he was lymitted shall appere in his prop pson, and there the same Comissioners being psent, or asmany as shalbe appointed by the Quenes Ma*1" Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them the said Inhitantf and Officers to whom they have dyrected their seid pceptf, and w1* had in comaundment there to appere by the said pcepte of the said Comissioners: And if any pson so warned make default, unles he then be letten by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that let then be witnessed by the Othes of two credible psons, or if any appering refuse to be swome in forme following, to forfeit to the Quenes Ma'" sortie shillingf ; and so at ev'y tyme apointed by the said Comissiofis for the same Taxacon, unto such tyme the nomber of e9y such psons have apered and certified in forme underwritten, and ev*y of them so making default or refusing to be sworne, to forfeit to the Quenes Ma'" xl s: And uppon the same Apperaunce had, one of the most substanciall Inhabitantf or Offycer being warned and apering before the said Comissioners, shalbe sworn upon a Boke openly before the Comyssioners in forme following: I shall truly esquire w'" my Fellowes that shalbe charged w* Me of the Hundred Wapentake Warde Towne or other place, of the best and most value of the Substaunce of ev*y pson dwelling and abiding w^in the lymittf of the Placf that I and my Fellowes shalbe charged wIh, & of other wch shall have his or their most resorte unto any of the said placf, and chargeable w'h any some of Money by this Acte of this Subsedie, and of all other Artycles that I shalbe charged w*" towchyng the said Act, and according to thintent of the same, and thereuppon as nere as it may be or shall come to my knowledge, truly to present and certifie before yo", the names surnames and the best and uttermost substance and values of ev*y of them, aswell of Lands Tents & other Hereditamentf Possessions & Profittf, as of Goods Cattallf Debts and other things chargeable by the said Acte, w,hout any conceilment love favo' affection dreade feare or malice, as nere as God will gyve me Grace; So help me God and the holy contents of this Boke: And ev*y other pson that shall appere there by the same pceptf from tyme to tyme shall make like Othe; and uppon the Othe so taken as is aforesaid by the Inhitauntf and Officers of ePy Hundrede Warde Wapentake Towne or other place, the said Comissioris shall openly there rede or cause to be. reade unto them the said Rates, and openly declare theffect of their charge unto them, in what ma9 and forme they ought and shulde make their Certificat, according to the Rates and Somes thereof abovesaid, and of all

maner of psons, aswell of Aliens and Strangers Denyzens or not Denezens inhabiting w,hin this Realme, as of such

psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte; and of the Possessions Goodes & Cattellf of Fraternities Guilds Corporations Brotherheddf Misteries and CSmynalries and other as is abovesaid, and of psons being in the pties of beyond the Seas, having Goods or Cattellf Lands or Tents wu‘in this Realme as is aforesaid, and of all Goods being in the Custodie of any pson or psons, to the use of any other as is abovesaid; by the wch Information and shewyng, the said psons shuld have suche plaine knowledge of the true entent of this psent Act, & of the maner of their Certificat, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignoraunce; And after such Othe and the Statute of the said Subsedie, and the maner of the said Certifycat to be made in writing conteyning the names and surnames of evy pson, and whither he be borne w^out the Quenes Obeysaunce or w^in, and the best value of ev*y pson in evfy degree, as well of yerely value of Lands & Tents & of suche like possession and pfittf, as the value of Goods and Cattallf Debtes and ev*y thing to their Certificat requisitt and necessarie to them declared, the said Comissioners there being shall by their discresc&ns apoint and lymitt unto the said psons another day and place to appere before the said Comissioners, and charging the said psons, that they in the meane

tyme shall make diligent inquirie by all waies and meanes of the pmisses, & then & there e$y of them upon paine

of forfeiture of sortie shillingf to the Quenes Mau% to appere at the said new pfixed day and place, there to certifie unto the said Comissioners in writing according to their said charge, and according to the true entent of the said Graunt of Subsedie, and as to them in maS aforesaid hath ben declared and shewed by the ComissioSs: At wch day and place so to them pfixed, if any of the said psons make defalte, or appere and refuse to make the said Certifycate, that then ev*y of them so offending to forfeit to the Quenes Ma"' xl s. Except onely a reasonable excuse of his defaulte.

Gck-

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 21.

389

Summoning' Partin under-rated;

by reson of sicknes or otherwise, by the Othes of two credible psons there wytnessed be had: And of such as appere Receiving redy to make Certyficate as is aforesaid, the said C5missioners there being shall take and receve the same Styfycat usd making and ev*y pte thereof, and the names values and substaunce of ev*y pson so certified; and if the same ComissioSs Awenmenti > se cause reasonable, they shall examyne the seid psenters thereof, and therupon the said Chmissioners at the said daies and place by their agreament amongf themselves, shall from tyme to tyme openly there fpfixe a day at a certain place or places w,hin the lymittf of their Comission by their discrescbn, for their further proceding to the said assessing of the same Subsydie; and thereuppon at the said day of the said Certificatf as is aforesaid taken, the same ComissioSs shall make their pcept or pceptf to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Placf aforesaid, as the same Comissioners shalbe of, comprising and conteyning in the same pcept the names and surnames of all psons p'sented before them in the said Certifycat, of whom if the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Quenes Comission, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattallf or somes of Money owing to them or other substance beforesaid, then upon such pson or psons shalbe certified, the same Comissioros shall make their pcepte or p*ceptf directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, comaunding the same Constable Baylifff or other Officers to whom suche pVept shalbe dyrected, to warne such psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said p>cept, at their Mansyons or to ther psons, that the same psons named in such pceptes and ePy of them, shall psonally appere before the said Comissioners at the same new pfixed day and place, there to be examyned by all wayes and meanes, other then by Corporall Othe, by the said Comyssioners, of their greatest substaunce and best value, and of all and ePy somes of money owing to them, and other whatsoeP matter con<?ning the pmisses, or any of them, according to this Acte: At wch day and place so prefixed, the said Comyssioners then and there beyng, or asmany of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Quenes Comission, shall cause to be called the said psons whose names shalbe comprysed in the said pVept as is beforesaid, for their examynacon; And if any of those psons wdl shulde be warned as is beforesaid to be examyned, wd‘ at any tyme after the warning and before the pfixed day shalbe w""in such place where he may have knowledge of his said apparaunce to be made, make defalte and appere not, oneles a resonable cause orellf a resonable excuse by the Othes of two credyble psons before the said Comissioners be truely alledged for his dischardge, that then ev*y of them so making defaulte, to be taxed and charged to the Quenes Ma,ie wlh and at the doble somes of the Rate that he shuld or ought to have ben set at, for and after the best value of his I.and or Substance uppon hym certified if he had apered, by the discrescon of the C.omissyoners there being; W* Comissioners shall travell wth ev*y of the psons so then and there appering, whose names shalbe expressed in the said precept or preceptes, and in whom any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme abovesaid, by all such waies and meanes they can, other than by Corporall Othe, for their better knowledge of their best valewe, cyther in Heredytamentes or Possessyons, eyther elles in Gooddes or Dettes:

And that ev*y Spuall pson at eyther of the said taxaebns of the said Subsedie, shalbe rated and sett according to the Rate abovesaid, of and for ev*y pounde that the same Spuall pson or any other to his use hath by Discent Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Symple Fee Tayle terme of Lief terme of Yeres by Execucion by Warde or by Copy of Cort Roll in any Mano's Lands Teiitf Rents Servies Offices Fees Corrodies AFiuities or Hereditamentf, after the true just and yerely value thereof, after and according as other the Quenes Ma"0* Subjects borne w^in this Realme be charged in forme above remembred, so that it extend to the yerely value of xx s. or above: And if any pson certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, be he Comissioner or other, to any manner of value, doth fynde hymself greyed wtU the same pfeentment sessyng or taxing, and thereuppon complayne to the Comissioners before whom he shalbe rated sessed or taxed or before two of them, that then the said Comissioners shall by all waies and meanes examyne ptyculerly and distinctly the psons so complayning, and other his neighbo" by their discresc&n, of ev*y his Lands and Teiitf above spied, and of ev*y his Goods Cattallf and Debts above mencioned; And after due examynacon and pfitt knowledge thereof had and pceyved by the said Comissioners, wch shall have power by thaucthoritie aforesaid, the said Comissioners or two of them to whom any such Coplaint shalbe made, by ther discrescons, uppon the Othe of the said pson so complayning, may abate defalke encrese or enlarge the same Assesment according as it shall appere unto them just uppon the same examynacon: And the same some so abated defaulked encresed or enlarged, to be strayted in forme as hereafter ensueth, So that he come before the Estreatf of the same assessing be delyvered by the same Comissioners into the Quenes Ma,ie> Escheker; And if it be proved by witnes his owne confession or other laufull waies or meanes w^in a yere after any such Othe made, that the same pson so taxed and sworne was of any better or greater value in Landes Goodes or other things above spied at the tyme of his said Othe, then the same pson so sworne did declare uppon his said Othe, that then evy such pson so offending shall lose and forfaite to the Quenes Matie so much in lawfull money of England as the same pson so sworn was set at or taxed to pay; And all psons set rated and taxed as is abovesaid, shalbe bounde and charged by the same, & the some or somes upon hym set to be due towards the payment of the said Subsedie, and to be levied as hereafter shalbe specified.

And also it is enacted by the same aucthoritie. That ev’y pson to be rated at the said Taxacbn as is r,tiw-wibcuuJ aforesaid, shalbe rated taxed and set, and the some on hym set to be levied, at suche Place where he and his famyly where dwelling, &c. at the tyme of the same psentment to be made, shall kepe his Howse or Dwelling, or where he then shalbe most conversaunt abiding or resyaunt or shall have his most resorte and shalbe best knowen at the tyme of the said Certificat to be made, and no where ells; and that no Comission! for this Subsedy shalbe rated or taxed for his Col™mi"^°ne" Goods or Lands but in the Shyre and other Place where he shalbe Comyssioner; And that if any pson chargeable to Abwei* wllere this Acte at the tyme of the same assessing, happen to be out of this Realme & out of Wales or far re from the Place last abiding s

to be eumined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing ih be rated Dot

Parties appearing shall be examined;

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions

Commissioners may decrease or inerrase Charges, on Complaint to them and Examination on Oath thereon.

Penalty on Eraaion on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Charge.

5 G

390

1° Eliz. c. 21.

A.D. 1558-9.

according to the higheit Rate under Certificate, &c.

XII. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIII.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, Double Rate.

XIV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XV.

Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, &c.

XVI.

After Assessment Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress Ac. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collector.

where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was last abiding in this Realme or w"*in Wales and best knowen; And after the substance and value and other Proffittf of ev'y pson knowen by thexaminac&n Certificat and other maner of wyse as is aforeseid, The said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Quenes MaUe‘ Comission, shall after the Rate aforesaid, set and tax ev'y pson according to the Rate of the substaunce 8c value of his Lands Goods and other Pfittf, whereby the gretest and most best some according to his most substance by reason of this Acte might or may be set or taxed.

Phovyded alwayes, That ePy such pson wcl> shalbe set or taxed for payment of and to this Subsedie for and after the yerely vajue of his Lands Teiitf and other reall Possessions or Profittf at any of the said taxac&ns, shall not be set and taxed for his Goods and Cattallf or other moveable Substaunce at the same taxac&ns; And that he that shalbe charged or taxed for the same Subsedy for his Goods Cattallf and other Moveables at any of the said taxac&ns, shall not be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other reall Possessyons and Profittf abovesaid at the same taxac&ns; nor that any pson be doble charged for the seid Subsedy, neither set or taxed at sev’all Places by reason of this Acte; Any tjiing conteyned in this pnt Acte notwithstanding.

And that it be ordeyned by the said aucthoritie of this £>sent Plyment, That no pson havyng two Mansions or two Places to resort unto, or callyng hymself howsehold serv*nt or waydng serv*nt to the Quenes Ma'1* or other Lord or Lady Master or Mastres, be excused uppon his saying from the taxes of the said Subsedie in nether of the Placf where he may be set, onles he bryng a Certifycat in writing from the ComissioSs where that he is so set in dede at one place; And if any pson that ought to be set, by reson of his removing or resorting to two Places, or by reason of his saying that he ells where was taxed, or by reson of any pryviledge by his dwelling or abiding in any Place not being forprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his coven or crafte, happen to escape from the said taxac&ns 8c be not set, 8c that prooved by presentment examynac&n or informacion before the said Comissionls, or as many of them

as shall be by the same C5mission apointed, or by the Barons of the Quenes Ma'1" Escheker, or two Jusdcf of

the Peax of the Counde where such pson dwellith. Then ev'y such pson that by such meanes or otherwise willyngly by covyn shall happen to escape from the said taxac&n or payment aforesaid, and not be taxed rated 8c

sett, shalbe charged upon the knowledge 8c pffe thereof w"1 and at the doble value that he shuld or ought to have

ben set at afore, according to his behavo': The same doble value to be levied gathered 8c paid of his Goods and Cattallf Lands 8c Teiitf towards the seid Subsedie, and further to be punished according to the discresc&ns of the Barons Justicf 8c Comyssioners before whom he shalbe convycted, for his Offence 8c Deceipt in that Behalfe.

And further be it enacted by thaucthoride aforesaid. That the seid ComissioSs of ev'y Comission, shall according to their Dyvyc&ns 8c after they be devyded have full power 8c auctoride by this Acte to set taxe and cesse ev’y other Comissioner joyned w01 them in ev'y such Comission 8c Divic&n, and shall also assesse ev’y Assesso' w^in their Dyvision for his 8c their Goods Lands 8c other the phnisses as is abovesaid ; By the wch said Comission the seyd ComissioSs shall indifferently set taxe 8c assesse themselves 8c the said Assessors ; And that aswell the s5mes upon ev'y of the said Comissioners 8c Assessours so sessed rated 8c taxed, as the somes made 8c psented by the p*sentor‘ swome as is abovesaid, shalbe writen certified set and estreated and the Streatf thereof to be made w* other the Inhitantf of that pties w'^in the lymittf of the same Comission 8c Divicion so to be gathered 8c levied, in like maner as it ought or shuld have ben if the seid ComissioS had not ben in the said Comission.

And that all pson of thestate of a Baron or Barons, 8c e9y Estate above, shalbe charged w* their frehold 8c value as is aboveseid, by the Chauncelo' or Kep of the Great Seale Treasourer of England Lord President of the Quenes Ma" Pryvic Counsaile and Lord Pryvy Seale for the tyme being, or other psons by the Quenes Ma"" aucthoritie to be lymitted, and they to be charged for the seid sev’all paymentf of the said Subsidie after the forme of the said Graunt according to the taxac&n aforesaid: And the somes upon them set, wlh the names of the Collectors appointed for the gathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delyvered 8c certified, at daies 8c places above specified, by the Lord Chauncelor or Kep of the Great Seale Treasourer Lord President of the Counsail and Lord Pryvy Seale for the tyme being, or such other psons as shalbe lymited by the Quenes Ma*1'.

And after the Taxes and Assesses of the said somes, upon and by the said assessing 8c Certificate as is aforesaid made, the seid Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto apointed by the Quenes Ma"" Comission, shall w*11 all spede 8c w'"out delay by the writing extreted of the said taxe thereof, under the Seales 8c Signes Manuell of the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe apointed at the lest to be made, shalbe delyvered unto sufficient and substaunciall Inhitantf Constables Subconstables Baylyves and other Officers joyntely of Hundredes Townes Pishes 8c other Places aforesaid w,hin their Lymittes, or to other sufficient psons Inhabitantf of the same onely by the discression of the said Comissioners and as the place 8c pties shall require, aswell the ptyculer Names and Surnames, as the remembraunce of all somes of Money taxed and set of and uppon ev'y pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Househoulder and all otli? Inhabitantf and Dwellers w^in the said Pishes Townes and Places contributory to this Acte of Subsidie; by aucthoritie of w* writing or estreat so delyvered the said Officers, 8c other Psons so named 8c deputed, sev'ally shall have foil power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte, immedyatly after the delyverie of the said writing or estreat, to demaund levy and gather of ev'y pson therin specified, the some or somes in the same writing or estreat comprised; And for non payment thereof to distreyne the same pson or psons so being behinde by their Goodes 8e Cattallf, and the Distres so taken to kepe by the space of viij daies at the Costs 8c

by Goo

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c.21.

391

Charges of the Owner therof; And if the said Owner do not pay suche some of money as shalbe taxed by this Acte, w"in the same viij daies, then the same Distresse to be appreaced by iiij iij or ij of Thinhabitantf where suche Distres is taken, and also to be sold by the said Constable or other Collecto' for the payment of the said money, And the overplus coming of the sale and keping thereof (if any be) to be imediatly restored to the Owner of the same Distres; Weh seid Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levie the seid somes, shall answere and be charged for the porcftn onely to them assigned or lymited, to be gathered levied 8t comprised in the seid writing or estrete so to them as is aforesaid delyvered, to thuse of our Soveraigne Lady the Quenes Ma‘", and hir Heires & successors; And the said some in that writing or estreat comprised, to pay unto the high Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collection of the same, in maner & forme under writen thereunto to be named & deputed ; and the same Inhitantf & Officers so gathering the same pticuler somes, for their Collection thereof shall reteyne for ev’y xxs. so by them receyved and paid ijd. and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to be made to the Highe Collecto' or Collecto".

And further be it enacted by the said aucthoritie, That the said Comissioners or the more pte of them as shall take upon them thexecucftn and busynes of the said Comission, shall for either of the same paymentf of the seid Subsedy, name such sufficient & able psons w* then shall have & possede Lands & other Hereditament^ in their owne Right, of the yerely value of xx ti. or Goodes to the value of CC nikes at the least, and the psons sePally by the discrescons of the same Comissioners in Shires Ridinges Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cyties Townes Corporat & other whatsoever places, aswell w"‘in places pVileged as w^out, not being forprised w"‘in this Acte, to be high Collectors and have the Collection & Receipt of the seid somes set and levyable w^in the precinct lymit & boundf where they shalbe so lymitted to gether & receyve; To e9y of the w‘h Collecto" so sev’ally named, the said Comissioners

or ij of them at the least, shall w,h all spede & w"'out delay, after the seid whole some of the seid Subsedie be

set by all the lymittf of the same their CSmission, or in such lymittf as the highe Collectors shalbe so sev’ally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signes Manuell delyver one estreat indented in Pchemynt, to ePy of the seid highe Collecto's coprising in it the names of all such psons as were assigned to levy the seid pticuler somes, and the somes of e9y Hudred Wapentake Towne or other Place aforesaid, wlh the names & surnames of the psons so chargeable according to thestrete so first thereof made as is aforesaid and delyvered : And the Collecto' so to be assigned, shalbe charged to answere those s5me comprised in the said estreat lymitted to his collection as is aforesaid.

Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforeseid, That the seid Comissioners havyng aucthoritie by this Acte to name and noiate the said highe Collecto" of the said Subsidie, shall ymmedyatly upon the noiacion

and election, take by aucthoritie of this psent Plyament sufficient Recognisauncf or Obligac&ns w,hout any Fee or

Reward to be paid therefore, of ev^y pson so by them to be named, to be highe Collecto', to be bounden to the Quenes Ma,R in the doble some of the some of his Collection, and to be endorsed and made uppon such Condycon, that is to say, for the Collection of the said first payment of the seid Subsidie, That if the said Collecto' his hares or exec! do truly content and pay to thuse of the Quenes Mau% hir Heires or Executo's in the Receipt of the said Eschequer before the said xxiiij"1 day of June next coming, so much of the said some of money allotted and apointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content & pay the Residue of his Collection it Charge w^in one moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the seid Recognisaunce or Obligacion to be voide or ells t > stande in full streingth and vertue: And for the Collection of the seconde payment of the seid Subsidie, upon condicbn. That if the said Collecto' his Heires or Executo" do truly content and pay to thuse of the Quenes Ma"% hir Heires or Executo's in hir Receipt of theschequer before the first day of Marche w'h shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God M1 D lix. so moch of the said sdme of money alloted & appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge w,hin one moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered & collected the same Residue, that then the seid Recognisaunce or Obligacon to be voyde or ells to stande in full strenght and vertue: Wcl> said sePal Recognisauncf or Obligations so taken, the said Comissioners shall severally certifie & delyver into the Quenes Ma" Escheker w'1' the several Certificatf of the said taxations and rates of the paymentf of the seid Subsedie at and by the tyme to them p'scribed and apointed by this Acte for the Certificate of the said sev'al taxacons of the seid Subsidie, upon payne of forfeit' of xh. to the Quenes Malk for ev* Recognisaunce or Obligacon not certefied: And that ev*y such Collecto' so elected named & chosen, upon request to hym made, shall knowledge & make the seid Recognizaunce or Obligacon, upon like payne & forfeit' of xM. to the Quenes Ma'* for the re/ucell thereof: And e9y Collecto’ so deputed, having the said Estrete in Pchment as is aforesaid, shall have aucthoritie by this Acte to apoint daies it placf w"‘in the Circuite of his Collection, for the Payment of the said Subsidie to him to be made, and thereof to gyve wamyng by Proclamation or otherwise, to all the Constables or other psons or Inhitantf havyng the charge of the pticuler Collection w'^in the Hundredes Pishes Townes or other Placf by hym or them lymitted, to make payment for their said pticuler Collection of ev’y some as to them shall appteygne: And if at the said day and place so lymitted & pffixed by the said Collecto', the said Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhitantf as is aforeseid, for the seid pticuler Collection assigned and apointed w"'in the Hundred Cytie Towne or other Place, do not pay unto the said Collecto" the s5me w"'ia their sev’all Hundreds Townes Pishes it other Placf due it coprised in the seid Estrete thereof to them delyvered by the seid ComissiorJs or some of them as is aforesaid, or so much thereof as they have by any meane receyved, ij d. of ePy Pounde for the seid pticuler Collection

XVII; Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Suma ao levied.

XVIII. High Collectora shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners; Penalty £ to.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, ice. to pay Money levied, allowing themzd. per Pound.

On Failure Constables, 4tc. may be distrained.

Gck -ole

392

1° Eliz. c. 21. A.D. 1558-9.

XIX.

Assessor! and Collector* shall be Inhabitants.

AA.

In case of Death of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming, High Collectors shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against such Parties, &c.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, Dec. of Parties chargeable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, See.

as is beforeseid alwaies to be thereof allowed excepted and abated, That then it shalbe lawfull to the seid high Collecto" & ev*y of them & to their Assignes to distreyn ev*y of the seid Constables Officers & other Inhitantf for their said severall & ptyculer Collection of the seid somes coprised in the said Estreat & Writing thereof to them & ev’y of them as is before expssed delyvered, or for asmuch of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered and levied and behinde and unpaid, by the Goods and Cattallf of every of them so being behind, and the Distres so taken to bee kept appreced and sold as is aforesaid, and thereof to take and levye the sdmes so then being behind and unpaid, and the overplus coming of the sale of the said Distres (if any be) to be restored and delyvered unto the Owner in forme above remembred.

Provyded alwaies. That no pson inhabiting in any Cytie Borrough or Towne Corporat, shalbe compelled to be an Assessour or Collecto' of or for any pte of the Subsidie in any place or places out of the said Citie Borroughe or Towne Corporat where he dwelleth.

And It is also by the said aucthoritie enacted, That if any Infcitant or Oflycer or whatsoeP pson or psons charged to and for the Collection or Receite of any pte or porf&n of the said Subsidie, by any maner of meanes according to this Act, or any pson or psons for themselves, or as Kep Gardyan Deputy Facto' or Atto'ney of or for any other pson or psons of any Goods and Cattailes of the Owner thereof at the tyme of the said assessing to be made being out of this Realme, or in any other ptes not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattellf of any other pson or psons of any Corporac&n Fratemitie Mystery or other whatsoever Comynaltie being incorporat or not incorporat, and all psons having in their Rule Govern*nce and Custodie any Goods or Cattellf at the tyme of the said assessing or any of them to be made, or wch for any cause for & by collection or for hymself or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Govemaunce or Custodie of ony Goodes or Cattellf of any other pson or psons Corporac&n Comynaltie Fraternitie Guild or Mystery or any such other like, or as a Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and set to any some or somes by reson of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessing upon any such pson or psons as shalbe charged wu‘ the Recept of the same happen to die or depte from the place where he was so taxed & set, or his Goods or Cattellf so eloyned or in such previe and covert maner kept as the said pson or psons charged wth the same by Estreatf or other Writings from the said Comissio9s, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto apointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid, can ne may levie the same some or somes c5prised w^in the same Extreatf by distres w,hin the lymittf of their Collection as is aforesaid, or cannot sel such Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the said paymentf before the tyme lymitted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Quenes Ma"" Receipt, then upon relac&n thereof w"1 due examynac&n by the Othe or Examynacon of suche pson or psons as shalbe charged w"1 and for the Receipt & Collection of the same before the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto apointed, where such pson or psons or other as is aforesaid their Goods and Cattellf were set and taxed, and upon plaine Certificat thereof made in the Quenes Ma"" Eschequer by the same ComissioiJs as well of the Dwellyng Place Names & Somes of the said psons of whom the said sdmes cannot be levied and had as is aforesaid, then aswell the Constables and other Inhitantf apointed for the said ptyculer Collection, against the Highe Collectors, as the Highe Collecto' upon his accompte and Othe in the said Escheker, to be discharged therof and pees to be made for the Quenes Ma"* out of the said Eschequere by the discrescon of the Barons of the said Eschequer against such pson his heires or executo'* so being behinde w,h his payment: And over that the same ComissioSs to whom any such declarac&n of the p*misses shalbe made in forme aforesaid, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and aucthoritie to dyrect their p>cepte or pceptf unto the seid pson or psons charged w01 any some of for or upon any such pson or psons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Sheryf Stuard Bayliff or other whatsoev' Offycer Mynister Pson or Psons of suche Place or Placf where any such pson or psons so owyng such some or somes shall have Lands and Tents or other Heredytamentf, or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattallf whereby any such pson or psons so indetted, his heires executors or assignes, or other having the Custody GovWnce or Disposytion of any Goods Cattellf Lands or Tents or other Hereditamentf wch ought or may by this Act lawfully be distreyned or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Cattellf Lands Tents or other Possessions wherof such some or somes wch by any such pson or psons may or ought to be levied, be it w*in the lymyttf of suche Comission where such pson or psons was and were taxed, or w,hout, in any place w^in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Ma"* Domynyons Marches or Terrytories; By w* p>cept aswell such pson or psones as shalbe charged to levy such money, as the Officers of the Place or Placf where suche distres may be taken, shall have full power & aucthoritie to distreyn ev*y such pson indebted charged & chargeable by this Acte, or his executors or admynistrators of his Goods and Cattellf, his Gardians Factors Deputies Lessees Fermo" and Assignes and all other psons by whose Hands or out of whos Lands any such pson shuld have Rent Fee Aiiuitie or other Profitt, or wcb at the tyme of the said Assessingf shall have Goods or Cattellf or any other thing moveable of any such pson or psons being indebted or owing such s5me; And the Distresse so taken, caused to be kept appreced and sold, in like manner and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken uppon such psons to be taxed to the said Subsidie, and being sufficient to distreine w^n the lymittf of the Collecto" Inhabitantf or other Officers charged w1" or for the same somes so uppon them to be taxed; And if any such Distres for non payment happen to bee taken out of the lymitt of the said psones charged and assigned to levy the same, the psons so charged for the levy of eny such some by Distres, shall peeve and take of the same Distres for the labo' of e9y pson going for the execution thereof, for ev*y Myle that any such pson so laboreth for the same, two pence: And ev*y Fermo' Ten*nte Gardyan Facto' or other whatsoever Pson being distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of any such some or somes or any other s5me by reson of this Acte, shalbe of such some or s5mes

1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 21.

393

H

n

ik

u

I'

4

ii

fe

P

ii

4

ii

ii

4

ii

4

i 4

ii

i

4

ii

ii

ii

4

4

i

I

i

ii * t 8 i I. * ik * i 4 e 8

8

of hym or them so levied and taken, discharged and acquired at his next day of payment of the same, or at the

delyvery of suche Goods and Cattallf as he that is so distrained had in his custody and govern'nce, against hym

or them that shalbe so taxed and set; Any Graunt or Writing obligatory or other whatsoev* matter to the contrary

made heretofore notw^standing : And if any such pson that shuld be so distreyned have no Lands or Tefitf suffycient On

whereby he or his Ten*ntes and Fermo" may be distrayned, or hath eloyned alyened or hidd his Goods and Cattellf CoamuMioans may

whereby he shuld or might be distrained, in such ma9 that such Goods and Catalles shall not be knowen or ["ach^thT^ody

fownde, so that the some of or by hym to be paid in the said forme shall ne can be conveniently levied, of the Party

Then upon relacion thereof to the ComissionJs, or to as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto imprisoned

apointed, where such pson or psons was taxed and set, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe charged w'" until Payment;

the levye and payment of that some or somes, the same C5missioners shall make a precept in such maner as is

aforesaid, for to attache take and arrest the body of suche pson or psons that ought lo pay the said somes, and

by this Acte shalbe charged w'" and for the said some and somes, and them so taken saffly to kepe in prison w,hin

the Shere or other Place where any such pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, there to remayne w’"out Bayle or

Maynprise until he hath paid the same some or somes that such psone for hymself or for any other by this Acte

shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged w,hall; And also for the Fees of ev*y such arrest to hym or them that

shall execute such pcepte, Twenty pence: And that ev*y Officer unto whom such precept shalbe dyrected, do his

true dyligence and execut the same upon ev*y pson so being indebted, upon payne to forfeyt to the Quenes

Ma,ie for ev*y default in that behalf Twenty shillingf; And that no Kep of any Gaole from his Gaole suffer any

such pson to go at large by letting to Bayle, or otherwise to depte out of his Pryson, before he have paid his said

debt, and the said twenty pence for the said Arrest; upon paine to forfaite to the Quenes Ma"" Fourtie shillingf;

And the same Gaoler to pay unto the Quenes Ma'" the doble value aswell of the Rate wch the said pson so

imprisoned was taxed at, as of the said twentie pence for the Fees : And like Proces and Remedye in like forme Like Process

shalbe graunted by the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto apointed, chargeable™"*

at like informac&n of ev*y pson or psons beyng charged w,h any some of money for any other pson or psons by oth,r‘;

reson of the seid Subsedie and not thereof paid but wilfully w'Mrawen, ne the same levyable w'"in the Lymittf where

such psons were thereunto taxed : And if the some or somes being behinde unpaid by any pson or psons as is Certificate of all

aforesaid be levied and gathered by force of the said proces to be made by the said Comissioners, or yf in defaulte the*E»d«"uer-0

or for lack of payment thereof the pson or psons so owing the said s5me or somes of money, by proces of the

same Comissioners to be made as ys aforesaid, be edmitted to Prison in forme abovesaid, that then the said

CdmissioSs w® shall award such proces, shall make Certifycat thereof in the said Eschequier of that shalbe don in the

phnysses, in the Terme next folowing after suche sdme or somes of money so beyng behinde shalbe levied and

gathered, or such pson or psons for none payment of the same comitted to Pryson: And if it happen any of the Collector! and

said Collecto's to be assigned, or any Mayo' Sheriff Stuard Constable the Headborowe Howsholder Bayliff or any c^mU!i‘oncMyng

other Offycer or Mynister or other whatsoev* pson or psons to dysobey the said Comissioners or any of them in the Pfr‘Hn* refusing to

reasonable Request to them made by the said Comissioners for execution of the said Comission, Or if any of the eawrdned^or being

Officers or other psons do refuse that to them shall apperteigne and belonge to do by reson of any p*ccpt to

hym or them to be dyrected, or any reasonable Comaundement Instaunce or Request touching the p>mysses, or may be fined and

other default in any appearaunce or collection to make, Or if any pson, being suspect or not to be indifferently

taxed as is aforesaid, do refuse to be examyned according to the Teno' of this Acte before the said Comissioners,

or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appere before the same ComyssioSs uppon

warning to hym made, or ells make resistaunce or rescous upon any Distresse upon hym to be taken for any pcell of

the said Subsedie, or comyt any misbehavo' in any maner of wyse contrary to this Acte, or comyt any wilfull omyssion

or other whatsoev* wilfull not doing or mysdoing contrary to the Teno' of this Acte or Graunte, the same Comissyofis

and ev*y nomber of them above remembred or two of them at the lest, apon probable knowledge of any such

misdemeano" had by informacion or exiiiacion shall and may set apon ev*y such Offendo' for ev*y such Offence, in

name of a Fyne by the same Offendo' to be forfaited, Fourty shillingf or under, by the discrescon of the same

Comissioners; And further the same Comissioners, and ev*y nomber of them, or two of them at the lest, shall have

auctorytie by this p*sent Acte to punishe ev*y such Offendo' by Imprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by

their discresc&n as shall seme to them convenient; the said Fynes, if any such be, to be certified by the said

ComyssioSs that so assessed the same into the Quenes Ma'"’ said Eschequier, there to be levied and payde by

the Collecto" of that plies for the said Subsidie reto'ned into the said Eschequere, to be therew"1 charged

the payment of the said Subsidie, in such maner as if the said Fynes had ben set and taxed upon the said

Offendo" for the said Subsidie.

It is also enacted by the said aucthoritie of this Plyament, That ev*y of the said highe Collecto" wdl shall AllowuceVo accompt for any pte of the said Subsydie in the said Eschequer apon their sev*all said Accomptf to be yelded, High Collectors, shalbe allowed at ev*y of the said paymentf of the said Subsidie for ev*y pounde lymitted to his Collectyon, for themieive!," whereof any such Collecto' shalbe charged and yeld Accompte, six pence, as pcell of their Charge; That is to say. Of ePy pounde thereof for such pson as then have had the pticler Collection in the Townes & other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Collection, two pence; and other two pence of ev*y pounde thereof, ev*y of the said Chief Collecto" or their Accomptauntes to reteyne to their owne use for their Labo' & Charge in and about the p>misses; and two pence of ev*y pounde Residue to be delyvered allowed and paid by the said Collecto" so being thereof allowed to suche of the Comissioners as shall take uppon them the Busynes and Labo' for and aboute the Premisses; That is to say, Evy Collecto' to pay that Comissioner or ComissioSs wrh

5

II

394

XXIL Member* of Parliament, Commissioners, &c. shall not be Collectors, &c.

Collectors shall not pay Fee» at the Exchequer,

XXIII. After Assessment, &c. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments with the Names of Collectors, Fines, &c.

Separate Certificates may be made where Commissioners do not all agree

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts;

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners or Collectors dying, shall complete their Duties;

1° Eliz. c. 21.

A.D. 1558-9.

had the ordring of the Writings of and for the said Subsydie, where the said Collecto' or Collecto" had their Collection, for expencf of the said Comissioners so taking apon them the said busines, and labo' of their Clerkf writing the said pkeptf and F.streatf for the said Collections, the same last two pence of ev'y pounde to be devided amongest the sayd Comyssioners, having regard to their Labo' and Busynes taken by them or their said Clerkf in and about the phnisses; for the wch pte so to the said Comissioners artayning, the said Comissioners vj, v, iiij", iij, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto apointed by the Quenes Ma"" Comission, and ev'y of them joyntly & sev'ally for his and their said pte, may have his remedy against the said Collecto' or Collecto" wcl> thereof byn and might have bvn allowed, by Accion of Debt, in w,h the Defendaunt shall not wage his Lawe neyther Protection nether Injunction or other Essoine shalbe allowed.

And that no pson now being of the nomber of the Copany of this pnt Plyament, nor any Comission!, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or p*sentor of the said Subsidie or of any pte thereof; nor no Comission!s shalbe copelled to make any p'sentm' or Certificat other then in the Quenes Mall" said Exchequer, of for or concerning the seid Subsidie or any pte thereof; And likewise that none other pson that shalbe named or assigned to be Comissionis in any place to and for the execution of this Acte of Subsedie, be or shalbe assigned or named Iieadd Collecto" of any of the Paymentf of the seid Subsidie, neither of any pte therof; And that evy such pson or psons wd‘ shalbe named and apointed as is aforesaid to be Head Collecto" in and for the first Payment of this Subsedie, shall not be copelled to be Collecto' for the Second Payment of the said Subsedie, or for any pte thereof; And the seid Collecto" w* shalbe assigned for the Collection of the said Subsedie, or for any pte thereof, and evy of them be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all man! Fees Rewardf and of ev’y other Charges in the Quenes Ma'‘" Exchequer or elswhere, of them or any of them by reson of that Collection Payment or Accomptf or any thing concerting the same to be asked ; And that if any pson receyve and take any Fees Rewardf or Pies" of any such Accomptant, that then he shall forfeit to the Quenes Ma"e for ev'y penny or value of penny so taken fyve shiilingf, & suffer imp'sonment at the Quenes Ma"" Pies'.

And after the taxing and assessing of the seid Subsidies as is aforesaid had or made, and the said Estretf therof in pchement unto the Collecto' in man! and forme before rehersed deliv'ed, the said Comyssionis w* shall take upon them thexecution of this Acte, w'"in the lymyttf of their Comission, by their Agrementf shall have meting together; at wc,‘ meting ev'y of the said ComissioSs wd‘ then shall have taken apon them thexecution of any pte of the said Comission, shall by hymself or by his sufficient Deputie truly certifie and bring furth unto the said ComissiorJs named in the said Comission, the Certificat & p'sentment made before hym and such other ComissiotJs as were lymitted w"" hym in one lymitt, so that the same Certificat may be accompted and cast w"" the other Certificattf of the other lymittf w"'in the same Comission ; and then the sayd Comissionis and ev'y nomber of them, unto two at the least as is aforesaid, if any be in lyfe, or their Executo" or Administrate" of their Goods if they then be ded, shall jointly & sev'ally as they were devyded w"'in their lymittf, under their Seales by their Discresc&n, make one or severall Writings indented, conteyning in it aswell the names of the said Collecto" by the Coinyssiofis for such Collection and Accompte in Theschequere and Payment in the said Receipt deputed & assigned, as the grosse and severall Somes wryton unto ev'y such Collecto' to receyve the sayd Subsydie; And also all Fynes Aiiicyamentf and other Forfetures, if any such by reason of this Acte happen to be w,hin the p>cyncte and lyinit of their Comission, to be certified into the Quenes Ma1’1’ said Exchequer by the sayd Comyssioners; in wcl1 Wryting or Wrytingf indented so to be certified, shalbe playnely declared and expssed, the whole and entire some or somes of the said Subsidie severally lymitted to the Collection of the said Collectours severally deputed and assigned to the Collection of the said Somes; so that none of the said Collecto" so certified in the sayd Exchequer shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be charged, but onely to and for the some lymitted to his Collection, and not to or for any some lymitted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but that ev'y of them shalbe sev'ally charged for their pte lymitted to their Collection. And if the said ComissioSs joyned in one Comyssion amonges themselfff in that matter cannot agree, or if any of them be not redy or refuse to make Certificat w"1 other of the same ComissiorJs, that then the same Comissioners may make se9all Indentures in forme aforesaid of their sePall Lymittf or Sepac&ns oi Collectors w'hin the lymittf of their Comission, apon and in the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Dyvysions w,hin their said sev'all Limittf of their Comission, as the placf there shall require to be severed and devided, and as to the same Comissioffs shall seme good to make Devysions of their Lymittf or Collections for the severall Charges of the same Collecto's; So that alway one Collecto' shalbe charged and accompt for his pte to hym to be lymitted onely by hymself and not for any some lymitted to the parte of any of his Fellowes, and the Charges of ev'y of the Collecto's to be set and certified severally apon them; and ev'y such Collecto' apon his Accompt and Payment of the some of Money lymitted within his Collecdon to be sev'ally by hymself acquited and discharged in the sayd Eschequer, w,hout paying any maS Fees or Rewardes to any pson or psons for the same, apon the paine and penaltie last abovesaid, and not to be charged for any portion of any other Collecto'. And if any Comission! after he hath taken Certificat of them that as is aforesaid shall before any such Comission! be examined, and the Somes rated and set, and the Bokes and Writings thereof being in his Hands, or if any Collecto' or other pson charged w"1 any Receipt of any pte of the said Subsidie, or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged w"' and for any pcell of the said Subsedie, or w,h any other Somes or Fyne Anicyament Penaltie or other Forfeture, happen to die before the CSmissiott Collecto' or other whatsoev' pson or psons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that wcl* to ev'y such pson shall appteyne or belong to do according to this Acte, then the Executo" and Heires of ev'y such pson, and all other seased of any Lands or Tents, that any such pson being charged by this Acte, and disceassing before he be discharged therof.

A D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c.21.

395

k

it

k

t

it

i

i

u

ii

i

ii t

i

b

n

a

i

ii

a

ii

i

a

I!

1

11

a

i k '* * 9

ii

r

ii

9

9

9

if

k

i

fi

4

or any other to his use only had of Estate of Inheritance, at the tyme that any such pson was named Comyssioner Collecto' or otherwise charged w,h and for any man! of thing to be done satisfied or paied by reason of this Acte, and all thos that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods or Cattellf Leases or other Things that were to any such pson or psons at the tyme of his Death, or any Landes or TeRtf that were the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforesayd charged by this Act, shalbc by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplishe, to do in ePy case as the same pson so being charged shuld have done and might have ben compelled to doe if he had ben in plaine lief, after such rate of the Landes and Goodes of the said Comyssioner or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his Hand; And if the said Comissioners for causes resonable them moving, shall think it not convenient to joine in one cfaficat as is beforesaid, then the said pson or psons that shall first joine togyther, or he that shall first trifle the said writing indented as is aforesaid, shall certifie all the names of the Comissio&s of that Comission, whereapon such writings shalbe there then to be certified, w* Dyvisions of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wardes Tythinges or other places to and among such Comissioners of the same Comission, w"> the names of the same Comissioners where such Sepac&ns and Dyvysion shalbe, w"' the grosse somes of money, aswell of and for the said Subsedie taxed or set of or w'hm the said Hundredes Wards Wapentakes or other places, to him or them devided or assigned that shall so certifie the said first writing, as of Fynes Aniciamentf Penalties or other Forfetures, if any happen to be w,hin the same Lymittf whereof the same Writings shalbe ftified ; and after such Writing indented, wrt as is aforesaid shalbe Stifled and not conteine in it the whole and full somes set and taxed w'Nn the lymittf of the same Comission, the other ComissioSs of the same before the day of payment of the said Subsedie, shall Sifie unto the sayd Escheker by their Writing or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and several! somes set and taxed w"‘in the places to them lymitted for the said Subsidie, and olher Fynes Anicyamentf Penalties and Forfetures, w"‘ the names of the Hundredes Wardes Wapentakes & other places to them assigned; or ells by their said Writings indented to certifie at the said place before the said day of Payment, such reasonable causes for their Excuses why they may not make such Certifycat of and for the said Subsedie Fynes Amercyamentf and other Forfetures growing or set by reson of the causes of their Lettf, or of their non certifying as is abovesaid; or elis in Default thereof, Proces to be made out of the Quenes Ma" sayd Eschequer against the said ComissioSs & epy of them not making Certifycat as is aforesaid, by the discrecdn of the Treasourer or Barons of the sayd Eschequer.

Provided always and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesayd, That the Inftitantf of the Pishe of S' Si ten called Stampford Baron in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stampford, in the Sowth pte of the Water there, called Welland, w"1 hereafter shalbe contributorye to the paiment of the p'sent Subsidie gr*unted to the Quenes Ma'" her heires and successo", shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this tyme by such Comissioners wch shalbe apointed for the taxing rating and sessing of such Subsidie or Taxe w,hin the Countie of Lincoln, and shall be for this tyme contributorie, and pay the said Subsidie to the Collecto' or Collecto's w‘h shalbe assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same, w'" the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Boroughe and Towne of Stampforde.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That all and ePy pson and psons having Mano" Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payment of the Subsidie granted to the Quenes Ma'* by this Acte, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to her said Ma’1* by the Graunt made by the Clergie of this Realme in their Convocacion, and over this having Substaunce in Goods and Cattallf chargeable by this said Acte, that then if any of the said pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mano'* Lands and Tents & Spirituall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his or their Goods and Cattellf, that then he or they shalbe onely charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Mano" Lands Teiitf Hereditamentf & Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his said Goods and Cattellf, the best thereof to be taken for the Quenes Ma"', and not to be charged for bothe or double charged for any of them ; any Thing in this Acte conreyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies that this Graunt of Subsedy nor any thing therin conteyned in any wise extend to charge the Inftitantf or Dwellers in Irelond Jemesey and Garnesey, or any of them, of for or concWg any Mano" Lands Teiitf or other Possessions Goods Cattellf or other movable Substance, w® the said Inftitantf or Dwellers or any other to their use have w">in Irelond Jemesey and Garnesey, or in any of them, or of for or con&ning any Fees or Wages w,h any of the said Inftitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma,k for their Attendaunce and doing Service to o' Soveraigne Lady in Irelond Jemesey and Garnesey or in any of them ; Any thing in this pnt Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also that this pnt Acte of Subsidie, ne any thing therein conteyned, extend to any of the Englishe Inhabitantf or Resiauntf in any of the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland West inland the Towne of Berwick the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and the Busshoprike of Durham, nor to any of them, of for or conc?ning any Mano" Lands Teiitf or other Possessions Goods Cattellf or other movable Substaunce, wrt the same Inftitantf or Dwellers or any other to their Use have w"*in the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland W'estflland or the Towne of Berwick the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne or the Busshoprike of Durham, or any of them, or of for or conning any Fees or Wages w‘h any of the said Inftitauntf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma"' for their Attendaunce and doing Service to the Quenes Ma"' for or w'^in the said Counties of Northuberland Cumberland WestiSland the Towne of Barwick the Towne of Newcastell uppon Tyne and the Busshoprike of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxing levying gathering or payment; but that the Englishe Inftitantf and Resiantf and eQy of them of the said Counties Busshoprike and Townes and t'Py of them, shalbe of and from the said Subsidie and efy pcell thereof, and for

Form of the first Certificate where alt the Commitaionen do not join.

XXIV. Stamford Baron shall lie rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXV. Persons having Lands,and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, Ike. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVI. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Ollier* in Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey.

XXVII. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

396

1° Eliz. c. 21.

A.D. 1558~9

XXVIII. Proviio for Liberties of Otiei in respect to future Subsidies; [$« i VI ]

XXIX. Exemption for Personilty of Orphans, &c-

XXX. Exemption of Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXI.

Persons chargeable with Myses in Wales shall not be charged with Subsidy under this Act, until after the Termination of such Myses, &c.

XXXII. Certificate of Termination of such Myses.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

their Mano" Lands Tent? Fees Wages Goods and Cattellf lying and being in the said Counties Townes and Bushoprike,. or any of them, utterly acquitted and discharged ; Any thing in this p'sent Act before rehersed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that all Letters Patent? graunted by the Quenes Ma'e or any of her most noble Progenito'* to any Cities Boroughes or Townes w,hin this Realme of any man! of Liberties Pryvyleges or Exempcons, from the burden and charge of any such Grauntf of Subsidies wcb be at this p'sent tyme in force and vayleable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the said Cyties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the p'ports thereof; thoughe the Inhabitant? of the same, shall upon the great and weightie Consideracon of the Graunt abovesaid, be for this Graunt charged and contributory, in like maS forme and sorte as other Cyties Boroughes and Town&s w1* be not in any wyse pViledged be from such Graunt of Subsedie excepted.

Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That no Orphant or Infant w,hin the age of xxj

yeres borne w"in any of the Quenes Ma"" Domynions, shalbe charged to any payment of this Subsydie for his or her

Goods and Cattellf to hym or her left or bequeathed ; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that this Acte nor any thing therein conteyned, shall extend to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Ostell within the Univ'sities of Oxenford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the

Colledge of Winton, founded by Bushopp Wikeham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eton next

Wyndeso', or to the Goods or Lands of any c5mon Fre Gramer Scole w,bin the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reder Scolemaster or Scholler or any Graduate w,bin the said UniPsities and Colledges or any of them there remayning for Studie w,hout Fraude or Covyn, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measondue or Spittel House, prepared and used for the Sustentacon and Relief of pore People; any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted, That forasmuch as dyvers and sondry the Quenes Ma'" Tenantf, and other Intiitauntf and Dwellers, w,hin the Counties of Penbroke Carmerthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknock Radnor Mongon)y Denbigh Flynt Merioneth Anglesey Carnarvon, and of the Countie Palentyne of Chester, be at this p'sent tyme charged and chargeable w,b the sev'all Payment? of dyvers great Somes of Money by the name of Myese, due to hir Ma,ic, according to the sev'all Customes of the seid Counties; Be it therefore ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, that this Acte of Subsidie or any thing therin conteyned, shall not extend to charge any of the Quenes Ten’ntf and other Inhitauntf and Dwellers wtbin any of the said Counties of Penbroke CarnJthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknock Radnor Mongon)y Denbighe Flynt Merioneth Anglesey Car9von, and the Countie Palentine of Chester, being charged or chargeable w,b the said Mvse, for or in any of the Payment? of the sayd Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Malie by this Acte, untill the sayd seVall dayes and tymes for the payment of the said Myeses shall be expired, and untill the dayes and tymes of the sev'all Subsidyes lately granted to o' late Sov'aigne Lorde and Sov'aigne Lady Kyng Phillip and Queene Marye, be also past and expired ; and that then the first payment of the said Subsydye g’unted by this p'sent Acte shalbe made at the Receipt of the Quenes Eschequer, before the first day of Marche next folowing after the last dayes of the last payment to be had or appoynted of the said Myeses and of the payment of the said former Subsydyes ; and the seconde payment of this Subsydye to be made by or before the first day of Marche next after the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsydye.

Furthermore be yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That the Ten’ntf and Dwellers of ev*y of the said Countyes in this Pviso remembred, shall sevally before the Feast of Penthecuste next ensuyng, certyfye into the said Courte of Exchequer, under the Seallf of the Justicf of Peaxe of ev'y of the said Countyes whereof one to be of the Quop, when and what daye the last payment of the said sev'all Myeses now due in any of the sayd Countyes shall ende and expire.

Provyded also that the said G’unte of Subsydye or any other thing therin conteyned, doo not in any wise extende to be p*judiciall or hurtfull to Thinhabitantf or Resyantf at this p'sent tyme wlbin the Fyve Port? Corporate, or to any of their Membres incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Port?, or to any of the same Fyve Port?, of or for any parte or pcell of the said Somes g’unted in this Plyament, of the said Inhabytantf nowe resiant or any of them to be taxed sett asked levyed or payed; but the said Inhabitant? and Resyantf in the said Fyve Port? and their Membres be and shalbe of and from the said G’unte and Payment of the said Subsydye, during their Resyancye ther and no longer, clerely acquyted and discharged; Any Matter or what soever thyng in this p'sent Acte had or made to the contrarye not w'stondyng.

yf D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c.22—24.

397

CHAPTER XXII.

An Actb wherby the Quenes Highness maye make Ordinaunces and Rules in Churches Collegiate Corporac6ns

and Scooles.

FORASMUCHE as certayne Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and other Ecclesiasticall Incorpora cons, and some Scooles, have been erected founded or ordeyned by the late Kinges of worthy Memorye King Henry Theight and King Edwarde the Syxte, or by either of them, or by o' late Sovereigne Ladie Quene Marye, and by the late Lorde Cardinall Pole, not having as yet ordeyned and established suche good Orders Rules and Consotuc&ns as shoulde be meete and convenient for the good order safetie and continuance for the same : Be it therfore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Fliam', That the Quenes Ma* during her naturall lyes, (whiche our Lorde God long preserve,) shall by vertue of this Acte have full power and aucthoritee to make and prescribe unto every of the foresayd Churches Incorporac6ns and Scooles, and unto all and every the Officers Ministers and Scollers in them or in any of them, and to their Successo" for ever, suche Statutes Ordinances and Orders aswell for the good Use and Govemement of themselfes being Officers Ministers or Scollers, and for thorder of their Service Ministery [Function1] and Duties, as also for their Houses Landes Tenementes Revenues and Hereditamentes w,h thapp'ten'ncf ; and (*) that her Mau' shall and maye at her pleasure, alter or change augment or diminishe all and every the Statutf Ordin’ncf and Ordres of thaforesaid Churches Corporations and Scooles from time to tyme as to her Ma‘* shall seme expedient.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That the said Churches Incorporac&ns and Scooles or any of them, and all and every pson and psons in the same, for the w'h the Quenes Ma'1* shall make or appointe any Statutes Ordin*nces or Orders, or shall alter change dyminishe or augment any Orders Rules or Ordinances, and set for the the same under her Ma,k* Greate Seale of Englande, shall from thensforthe kepe p¥ve and observe all the same Statutes Orders and Ordinances ; any former Rules Lawes or Constitucons in anye wise notwithstanding: And that all the sayd Statutes Orders Ordinances and Rules, so made ordeyned and set for the under her Mau" Great Seale as ys abovesaid, shalbee and remayne good and effectuall to all intentf and purposes, and bee observed and kept according to the trewe intente and purporte of the same, w,hout Alteracon or Vio!ac6n of them or any of them.

Churches, Schools, See. founded by King Henry VIII., or Edward VI.. or Queen Mary, or Cardinal Pole, but not fully regulated i

The Queen, during her Life, may make Ordinances, ice. for the Government of the said Foundations.

II.

The said Ord.nances shall be duly observed.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte wherby the Quenes Highnes is restored in bloode to the late Quene Anne her Highnes Mother.

WEE youre humble and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall at.d Commons in this pnte Pliament assembled, for dyvers and sundrye great and urgent causes and considers cons Us moving, most humblye besechc yo' Ma,k that yt maye bee enacted and establysshed by yor Highnes, withe thassent of us the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by aucthoritee of the same, That yo' Highnes shall bee from hensforthe enhabled in bloode and bee inherytable according to the due order and course of the edmon Lawes of this yo' Realme, to the late Quene Anne yo' Highnes Mother, and to all other yo' Majesties Auncestours and Coosynes of the parte of yo' sayd Mother: And that asmuche of every Acte Recorde Sentence Judgement Matter or Writing whatsoever as is or shalbee hereonto contrary or repugnant, shalbee from hensforthe clerely and utterly voyde and of none effecte.

The Queen enabled in Blood, and shall be inheritable to her Mother j and all Acts and Records to the contrary declared void.

Saving to all and every parsone and psones bodies politike and corporate theire heyres successoures and assignees, and theyres g,¥ing for

successoures and assignees of every of them, All suche estate right tytle use possession and interest as theye or any of them have, in Titles of Strangers, or to any Manours Landes Tenementes Rentes Annuitees Fees Profites Comodities and Hereditamentes whatsoever, in suche lyke maner fourme qualitee condicbn and degree, to all intentes construccons and purposes, as they or any of them might or ought to have hadd used or enjoyed the same yf this Acte had never been hadd nor made.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte to annexe to the Crowne certayne Religious Howses and Monasteries and to refourme certayne Abuses

in Chantreis.

WHERAS sithen the decease of o' Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte yo' Mali" deere Brother, most gratious Sovereigne Ladye, certayn Abbeys Pryories Hospitalles Nunryes Howses of Fryers Chantreys and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Howses, by procurement of certayne psons meaning to reduce this yo' Realme reither to darcknes and supsticbn then to the true knowledge and honoring of Almightye God, in the tyme of the late Quene Marye yo' Ma'" Syster, were restored or of newc entredd unto founded erected and incorporated; and divers Howse3 manors landes tenementes hereditamentes liberties franchesies goodcs chattels comodities and profites, all whiche or the most pte therof before and untill that tyme were apptcining to thimpcriull Crowne of this Realme, have been given and assured to the same Corpora cons, aswell by the said late Quene Marye, (to the decay of the possessions of the same Imperial! Crowne,) as also by sondrye other psons of this yo' Ma"' Realme; whiche said Abbathies Pryories Hospiulles Nunries Howses of Freres, and other Religious Howses and Chantreys, ar nowe wholly and onely possessed and enjoyed by a fewe psons borne within this Realme, owing of dutye by the lawes of God and of this yo' Ma'f Realme their whole

Certain Abbeys and Religious Houses, founded and endowed in the Time of Queen Mary;

Their Superstition, and Obedience to Foreign Authority;

‘ Functions 0.

further 0.

398

1° Eliz. c.24.

A.D. 1558-9.

For the Application of their Revenue! to godly Purpose!,

The said Religious Houses and their Possessions vested in the Crown.

II.

All Goods, &c. of such Houses given to the Crown.

III.

General Saving of for Titles of Strangers.

IV.

Religious Persons of the said Houses, taking the Oath required by Cap. I. of this Session, and using the Common Prayer, See. may have Pensions assigned them.

V.

All Conveyances of the Possessions of such Houses since ist October past, declared void.

VI.

Proviso for Grants of Stewardships, Leases for Twenty-one Years at usual Rents, and Grants of Copyholds.

and onelye obedyence subjeccon and allegiance to the sayd Imperiall Crowne of this Realme ; And yet nevertheles, under the collo' of certayne supsticous Relygions and professions, have not onely vowed professed and acknowledged them selfes to be subjecte and obedyent to forreyn power and aucthoritee, to the manifest derogacon of the Jurisdiccon preeminence and aucthoritee regall of the sayd Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, But also by and under the same forreine power and aucthoritee onely, do yet dayly use exercise and put in ure dyvers and sundry Rules Ordinancf Rites and Ceremonies in theyr services and comon praiours, repugnant to the usage of the holy Catholick and Apostolick Churche of Christe ; And to the intent that the said Abbayes Priories Hospitalles Nunries Howses of Fryers and other Relygious and Ecclesiasticall Howses and Chantreys, and all the Howses manors land; tefitf hereditamentes-lyberties franchesyes gooddes chattels edmodities and profites whatsoever to the sayd Relygious and Ecclesiasticall Howses or to the Govemours of them or any of them belonging or apperteyning, or of them possessed quyetly as in the right of the said Religious and Ecclesiasticall Howses, shall and maye bee from hensforthe by yor Highnes employed and bestowed to suche good profitable and godly purposes and uses, for and towardes the setting for the of the true hono* and glory of God, thadvancem' of yo' Ma"* sayd Crowne Imperiall and Jurisdiccon of the same, and to the ayde and relief of the publike weale of this yor Ma"* Realme aforesayd, as unto yor Highnes shall seme good: Wee therfore yor Ma1" most humble and obedient Subjectes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Plem' assembled most humbly beseche yo' Highnes that yt maye bee enacted by yo' most excellent Ma"' the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliam1 assembled, And bee it enacted by thaucthoritee of the same, That yor Highnes shall from hensforthe have holde and enjoye to yo' Highness yo' heires & successo" for ever, united and annexed to yo1 Ma"* said Crowne Imperiall, All and singler Thabbathies Monasteries Priories Nonries Hospitalles Fraternities Howses of Fryers Chantries and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall howses and places, by whatsoever name or names the same were or be named called incorporated or known wch have ben at any time sithen the decease of o' sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the vj,h newly restored founded erected incorporated or established ; and also all and all maner the Scites manors mesuages landes tents hereditamentes rentes revercons and services wooddes tythes pencons porcons psonagf appropried vicaredgf advousons patronagf annuitees rightes actions interestes entrees conditions leetes courtes lyberlies privilege franchesies edmodities and profittes whatsoever, wcb nowe or at any time sithens the first daye of October last past doo or did appteine or belong to the said Abbathies Monasteries Priories Nonries Hospitalles Fraternities Howses of Fryers Chantreis, and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall howses and places, or any of them, and w*1* nowe been or at any time sithen the said first daye of October nowe last paste have been accepted reputed or knowen as pte parcell or member of them or any of them, or as pte pcell or member of the possessions of them or of any of them.

And farthermore that yt maye bee enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yo' Highnes shall also have possede and enjoy to the proper use and behoofe of yo' Highnes and of yo' heires and successoures, all and singler suche and the same gooddes and chatels aswell reall as psonall whatsoever as to the said Abbathyes Priories Hospitalles Nunries Howses of Fryers and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Howses and Chantreis, or to the Rulers of them or any of them as in the right of their said howses, the first day of this Plem1 or any time sithen, were belonging or appteining.

Saving to all and singler psons bodies politike and corporate their heires and successours and every of them (other then yo' Highnes yo' heires and successoures, and the Masters Owners Governours and Governesses of the said Abbathies Priories Hospitalles Nuryes Howses of Fryers and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall houses and places and their successoures, the Donors Founders and Patrones and their heires and successors, and all other psones clayming in their Rightes or to their use or uses or in the right or to thuse of any of them,) All suche right title clayme interest possession revercon remaynder offices anuuitees rent chardgf and comons whiche they or any of them nowe and at the sayd first daye of October last past have and hadd in or to the premisses or in or to any pte or pcell therof; this Acte or any thing therein conteyned to the contrarye therof in anny wise notwithestanding.

And farthermore Wee yo' Ma"* most humble Subjectes, doo in lyke maner beseche yo' Highnes that yt maye bee enacted, and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, that all and every suche and so many of the Religious and professed psons, of the said Abbathies Priories Hospitalles Nunries Howses of Fryers and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall howses and places, as shall lyke true and faithefull Subjectes freely and willingly receive and take upon the holy Evangelist one corporall othe, expressed and set for the in one Acte of Pliament made and established in this pnte Pliam1 entituled An Acte restoring to the Crowne thaucient Jurisdiccon over the state Ecclesiasticall and Spuall, &c. And shall also from hensforthe observe use and kepe all suche maner of service and comon prayor as other yo' Ma*" trewe and obedient subjectes arr and shalbee bownden tobserve use and kepe by the lawes of this yo1 Realme, and none other, shall before thende of fowrtye days after thende of this session of Plem1, have assigned and lawfully assured by yo' Highnes yo' heires or successors to them, during their naturall lieves, suche convenient pensions or annuitees for and towardes their sustentacons and lyvinges, as to yo' Highnes shall seme meete and convenient; and shal also at the pleasure of yo' Ma1" remayne and contynue in suche place and howse as they have hadd and helde during the tyme of their profession.

And farther We beseche yo' Highnes that it may be enacted and be it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That all Feofamentes fines recoveries giftes grantes conveiances estates and leases whatsoever, had made knoledged suffred or passed sithens the first day of October last past, or hereafter to be had made knowledged suffred or passed, by any Governo' or GovWssee of any the said Monasteries Abbathies Prioryes Nunries Hospitalles Howses of Fryers or other Religious or Ecclesiasticall house or place above mentioned, of any Manours meases lands tents revercons advousons services or hereditament^ whatsoever, or of any pte or pcell therof, belonging or appteyning to thaforesaid Abbathies Pryories Nunries Hospitalles Howses of Fryers and other Ecclesiasticall howses and places or to any of them, nowe to be united 8c annexed to thimperyall Crowne of this Realme by this Acte as ys aforesayd, or of any Rent pencon profit fee or comoditie to be had levied pceyved or taken of in or out of the same, or of in or owt of any

pte or pcell therof, bee taken to bee and shalbee by vertue of this Acte voide and of none effecte.

Provided alwaies and nevertheles bee yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte or any thing therm conteyned, shall not in any wise eatende tavoide or defeate any grant of any ordinary and accustomed fee for any Stuardshipp Baliefwick or suche lyke office, or any lease or leases for terme of xxj. yeres or under, not being made without empeachm' of wast, or any demise or demises grante or grants according to the custome of the Mano' by Copie of Courte Roll, heretofore dewly made bona fide w,hout antedate or any other fraude collusion or covyne, sithens the said first daye of October last past, by any Governo* or Govemesse of any the said Monasteries Abbathies Priories Nunries Hospitalles Howses of Friers or any other religious house or place above mentioned, of any Mano" meses lands or tents belonging to the said Monasteries Abbathies Priories Nunries Hospitalles Howses of Fryers or other Religious houses or places above mentioned, or to any of them; the same lands being at the time and date of suche lease demise or grante in possession and not in lease, and usually and comonly letton to ferme, or demised or granted by Copye of Courte Roll;

A.D. 1558-9.

1° Eliz. c. 24.

399

k

t

n

l>

fa

ife

U

Cl

lie

J*

III

if

1*1

i«

to

k«

to

Irt

to

!*'

to*

iff

to

to

to

t*

to

to

to

to

to

l*

to

Upon which lease or leases demise or demises grante or grantes tholde and accustomed yerely rent or rentes or more and other customes and services usuall & accustomed ys or arr reserved, and is or shalbee yerely payable and answerable’, during the terme estate and interest cflprised or conteyned in every suche lease or leases demise or demises grante or grantes: Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided furthermore and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yf any pson or psons by covenant, collaterall meanes, will testament or otherwise, since the deathe of the said late King Edwarde, have made founded or established any foundaSSn or ordinance for the fynding maynteyning Iceping or continuyng of any Preest or Preestf to sing or say Masse, or to fynde any obite light or lampe for yeres for lief or for ever, or wherby any Preest should bee founde [ and1 ] mayntcyned directly or indirectly to sing or saye Masse for any yercs for lyes or for ever \ eyther els yf any pson or psons since the deathe of the said King Edward, by will or otherwise have assured or established any some or somes salarie or yerely stipende wages or profitt, to bee given delyvered employed or paid to any Preest or Preestf, to sing ot say Masse, or to make any obyte, or to finde any light or lampe for yeres for lief or for ever, or wherby or wherwth any Preest or Preestf should be founde mainteyned supported kept or contynued to sing or say Masse or to make or finde any obite light or lampe for yeres lief or for ever t That then and in every suche case the Queries Ma"* her heires and successo'* shall have to her heires and successoures onely the same lands tents some or somes of money salarye yerely stipende wagis or [ yerely1 ] profit so gyven or assured onely to the said Preest or Preestf, or onely to or for the finding mainteyning supporting keping or continuing of the said Preeste or Preestf, or for the maintenance of any obite light or lampe for yeres lyes or for ever in suche and in the same like sorte and maner and for suche like tyme as che preest or preestf and their successo1* should or might have and enjoye the same, or as the same should have been employed to thuses abovesaid, yf this Statute had never been made. And that the Quenes Mau* her heires and successours shall not have any more or other benefit or thing then the same Preest or Preestf should or ought to have had or should have been bestowed for any the purposes last aforesaid yf this Acte had not been hadd ne made $ And that the Quenes Ma,le her heires successoures and assignes, shall and may have and enjoy the same accordingly to the tenor of this Acte; any condicons penalties forfeitures entrees covenantes or bondes made or to bee made, wherby any pson or psons shoulde or might take or have any advantage or entree for the not doing pforming fulfiling keping continuing or not sayeng of the sayd Masse or of any obite light lampe, or suche like pte of any of the said foundacons or ordinances, or for the not finding maintening supporting keping or contynuing of any suche Preest or Preestes, or for not paieng of any some or somes of money salarie yerely stipende wages annuitee or other profit to any suche Preest or Preestf, or for the not finding mainten*nce or continuing of any suche Preest or Preestf, to the cont*ry in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yf any Mano" lands tents or hereditaments goodes cattelles or somes of money, bee bequeathed gyven or assured to any pson or psons, in tayle or in fee simple or otherwise, to thentent or upon condicon that the pson or psons their heires or assignes to whom suche Mano" lands tents and hereditament goodes cattels or somes of money ys gyven bequeathed or assured, should assure or paye any somes of money or other stipendes to any Preest or Preestf for to sing or say Masse or for to pray for the sowles of the dead, or to kepe any obyte or to founde finde or make any Chantrey or Chantreis of any Preest or Preestes, or to finde any Preest or Preestf for any of the said purposes, that in all suche cases the Quenes Ma'" her heires and successours shall have onely suche Stipendf and wages goodes cattels and somes of money as is so appointed to be imployed or payd to any suche Preest or Preestes Chantrey or Chantreis, or for any suche like intent and purpose as is aforesaid, in like maner and forme and for suche tyme as the same should have been payd for any of the purposes aforesaid. And that the said psons their heires and assignes to whom suche Mano" lands tents and hereditam*" be given or assured as is aforesaid, shall and maye enjoy and kepe the same Mano1* lands and tents dischardged of the said condicons ; the not finding of any suche Preest or Preestf or the not payin' of any suche Stipende or some or somes of money to any suche Preest or Preestes or for any of the purposes last beforesaid, or the not presenting collating naming or appointing of any suche Preest or Preestf to any suche Chantrey or Chantreis or to any suche purpose or purposes as is before said, in any wise notwithstanding.

And provided also and be it enacted by thauctorytee aforesaid, That this Estatute nor any thing therin conteyned shall in any wise extende to take away or to gyve to the Quenes Ma"* any Lands Tenem'f Rents Salaries or Stipendf limited or appointed, in or by any of the foundac&ns or incorporations aforesaid, to any Scole Mr or to the finding of any Scole or Scolers to leming or to be bestowed upon poore people or for their succor or relief; but that the same lands tents rents salaries and stipendes shalbee taken used continued and payde to the said uses according to the trewe entent of suche foundaSSn : And that the Quenes Mall* by her Comissiofilz or otherwise shall w‘hin one quarter of a yere appointe and take order that the lands rents and stipendes assigned for the purposes aforesayd shalbe used and payde yerely to the sayd purposes ententf and uses according to the true entent of the said foundacons or grants therof, and in suche easefull and convenient sorte and maner as may reasonablie be made o>r devised for the psons to whom they shoulde or ought tp bee payde.

Provided alwaies and bee yt ordeyned and enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That this Acte or any Article Clause or Matter conteyned in the same shall not in any wise extende to any Colledg Hostell or Hall being w,hin either of the Universiteis of Cambridg and Oxforde, nor to any Chantrye [ founden5 ] in any of the Colledgf Hostels or Halles being in the same Universities, or to any Chantrey founded in any other place for the maynten*nce of a Grimcr Scoole or leming or where the Chantrye Preest is also appointed to teache children, nor where any Hospitall ys founded and the Preest appointed to bee the Govemo' of the Poore, or where the most pte of the Revenue ys to be employed by the foundation upon poore people -, nor where any lands or pention hath byn limited or appointed for thaugmentacon of the Iyvelode of any Pson or Vicar having cure of sowles, or of any other Preest assigned to the helpe ayde and dischardge of the said cure. And nevertheles the Quenes Highnes during her Ma1* lyes, (w*h God long preserve,) may at all tymes at her will and pleasure alter and chaunge the name or names of all and singler suche Chantryes, and all supsticon in them and in the foundacons of the same, by her Highnes visitxc&n or other her gratious Comission, to suche other more godly institucons and orders for the more advancemen' of vertue trewe religion or leming as to her Highnes wisdome shalbe thought meete and convenient.

(*) Provided also and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That all and singler suche religious psons aswell Men as Women professed, of what Order Rule or Habyte soever they bee, wtK shalbe put at their Lybertyes by reason or occasyon of this Acte from the Danger Servitude and Condiron of theyr Religion and Profession wherunto they bee professed, shall by aucthoritec of this Pliam', immediatly from and after the tyme that they shall bee put at suche Libertie, be enhabled to sue and bee sued by

’orO. *0. omits. * founded 0.

• The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Four separate Schedules.

VII.

Lands, &c. given since the Death of Edward VI. for Priests to say Mau, or f«r Obits or Lights, vested in the Crown,

VIII.

Where Lands have been given on condition to maintain such Priests, Ac. the Stipend, &c. for such Priest shall be vested in the Crown.

ia.

Proviso for Lands, he. appointed for Support of Schools.

X.

Proviso for Colleges in the Universities and for Schools, Hospitals, Stc.

The Queen empowered to reform such Foundations.

XL

Religious Persons taking the Benefit of this Act, enabled to sue, ike. as under Statutes 31 H.VIII. c.6. 33 H.VIII. c. i9.

400

1° Eliz. c.24.

A.D. 1558-9.

Proviso for Stipend to the Master, Sec. of the Temple.

their owne pp Names and Surnames, and shall have suche Capasite and other Fredome Lyberties and Privelgies to all intentf and p'poses, in as large and ample Maner Forme and Condicon, as was ordeined and enacted for Religious psons in and by one Acte made in the Plem1 begone at Westm the xxviiju' daye of Aprill in the one and thirtye yere of the reigne of our late Soveigne Lorde King Henry Theight in the first Session of the same Plem1, intituled An Acte that suche as were Relygious psons may purchase sue and bee sued in all maner of accons ; and in as large and ample Maner Forme and Condiffin as any late Religious pson or psons shall or may have take or enjoye by vertue of one other Acte of Fliament, intituled An Acte tenhable psons late religious to sue and bee sued, made in the Flam1 begune at Westnl the xvj"1 day of Januarye in the xxxiijth yere of the Raigne of the said late King Henry Theight in the first Session of the same Plem1; The same Profession or Religion, or any Statutes Ordinances Lawes Customes Usages or other thinges or thing to the contrary therof, in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided also and bee yt enacted that the Stypende and Wages heretofore usually payde to the Master and fowTe Stypendarye Preestes of the Temple, and Clarcke of the same, owt of the Possesions and Revenues of Thospitall and Howse of S' Johns Jerusalem in Anglia, shall bee from hensforthe contynued and payde forever, as hathe been heretofore in the last yere of King Edwarde the Syxte 5 Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

XIII. Personalties of such Religious Houses shall be applied in Payment of their Debts, See.

Provided alwais and bee yt enacted, That all the Goodes Cattalles and Dettes dewe or belonging to any of the sayd Abbayes

Pryories Hospitalles Nuneries Howses of Fryers and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Houses, or to the Governo" or Rulers

of them or any of them in the right of the sayd Howses, shalbee bestowed employed and expended in and aboute suche Debtes

and Duties wherewu> any of the said Howses, or any of the sayd Rulers or Governours in the right of the sayd Howses, stande

and be chardged and chardgeable by thorder of the Comon [ Lawe 1 ] of this Realme ; and that suche Overplus, if any shall happen, as shall remayne after the Debtes and Duties payd in forme aforesayd, shalbee devided amongest the Rulers and other Religious and Ecclesiasticall Persones of the sayd Howses, according as by Commyssioners thereunto aucthorized by severall Commissions awarded owt by the Quenes Highnes under her greate Seale shall seeme meete and expedient ; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.

Proviso for Leases made by Abbot and Convent of Westminster, under Covenants in preceding Leases.

Provided alwais and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall not in any wise extende to make voyde any Leases or Lease for yeres made by the now Abbot and Covent of Westm, of any Mano" Lands Tencf or Possessions of the said Monastery of Westm, at any time sithence the first daye of October last past, wherupon tholde accustomed Rents and Rent, or more, ys reserved and yerely paiable during all the said terme and termes, w*h said Leases or Lease for yeres were and have byn made, upon considers con or by reason or for the true pformance or accomplishem1 of any Coven*ntf or Coven*nt Article Clause Condicon or Conditions especified and conteyned in any former Lease therof before that time made: But that all and every suche Leases so made shall from hensforthe stande contynue and bee of suche force and effect as the same were before the making of this Acte; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary notw^standing.

Proviso for a Lease Provyded alwayes and be yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte or any thing therein conteyned shall not in any for Ninety-ei^rln wise ,be hurtfull or pTejudiciall unto one George Basforde Citizen and Letherseller of London, for or concerning one Lease for Sec. of Westminster terme Fowreskore and eightene yeres, of late made and granted unto the said George his Executoures and Assignes, by the to Geo. Basforde. Reverend Father in God John now Abbot of the MonasPye of S' Peter of Westm and the Covent of the same place, under their Covent Seale, of certayn Mesuagf and Tefitf scituate and being wthin the precinct of Sl Martins le Grand w,hin the said Citye of London : But that the said George Basforde his Executoures and Assignes and every of them, shall and maye quietly and peaceably have holde occupye and enjoye the sayd Mesuages and Tenementes for by and during the said terme, according to the Grant Covenauntes Tenour Purporte and Effecte of the said Lease; This Acte or any thing therein conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithestand ing.

XVI. Proviso for the Parish Church of St. Bartholomew’s near Smithfield.

And whereas the Churche of Greate S' Bartilmewes next Smithefelde in London, which ys nowe used by the Relygious Men there called the Fryers Preachers, otherwise called the Black Fryers, as their Conventuall Churche, was in the last yere of the Reigne of the said late King Edward, the pishe Churche and so used for all Thinhabitantes and Resiantes w,hin the Close called Greate S' Barthilmewes next Smithfelde in London ; Be yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Fliam*, That all the sayd Churche shalbe and remayn for ever a pishe Churche for all Thinhabitantf and Resiantes wch nowe bee and wctl hereafter shalbee w,bin the said Close called Grete S* Barthilmewes; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

• Lawes 0.

( 401 )

Anno 5° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1562-3.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWELFTH Day OF JANUARY,

In the FIFTH Year of the Reign of Q,. ELIZABETH.

<£x motulo jdarltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabetlje &egtne, Huinto.

In parliamento tento apud Westmonasterium, Duodecimo die Januarij, Anno Regni Serenissime atq, Excellentissime Dne nostre Elizabethe, Dei gratia Anglie Frantie et Hibernie Regine Defensoris Fidei he. Quinto; Communi otm l>norum tarn Spiritualium q* Temporalium ac Comunitatis consensu, et Regie Majestatis turn pntis Assensu, Sancita Inactata Ordinata ac Stabilita fuerunt hec Ij Statuta subsequentia. Vidz.

(') I.— i. An Acte for thassurance of the Queries Ma'" Royall Power over all Estates and Subjectes within her Highnes Dominions.

II. — 2. An Acte for the Mayntenaunce and Encreace of Tyllage.

III. — 3. An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

IV. — 4. An Acte towching dyvers Orders for Artificers Laborers Servantes of Husbandrye and Apprentises.

V. — 5. An Acte towching certayne Politique Constitutions made for the Maintenance of the Navye.

VI. — 6. An Acte agaynste suche as shall sell anny Ware for Appareill without readye Moneye.

VII. — 7. An Acte for thadvoyding of dyvers forreyne Wares made by Handye Craftesmen beyonde the Seas.

VIII. — 8. An Act towching Tanners Courriours Shoomakers and other Artyficers occupyeng the cutting of

Leather.

IX. — 9. An Act for the punyshement of suche persones as shall procure or edmit any wylfull Perjurye.

X. —10. An Act to revyve a Statute made Anno xxj° H. Octavi towching Servantes embeaselyng theyr

Maysters Gooddes.

XI. —11. An Act against clyppyng washing rownding or fylyng of Coynes.

XII. —12. An Act towching Badgers of Come and Drovers of Cattell to bee lycensed.

XIII. —13. An Act for the contynuyng of a Statute made Anno a° & 3° Phi et Marie for the amending of

Highe Wayes.

XIV. —14. An Act against the forgyng of Evydences and Wrytinges.

XV. —15. An Act against fonde and phantasticall Prophesyes.

XVI. —16. An Act against Conjurac&ns Inchantementes and Witchecraftes.

XVII. —17. An Act for the punishement of the Vyce of Sodomye.

XVIII. —18. An Acte declaring thaucthoritee of the L. Keeper of the Greate Seale of England and the L. Chancello'

to bee one.

XIX. —19. An Acte for the repeale of a branche of a Statute made An° 1 Edw. VI. touching the conveieng of

Horses and Geldinges out of the Realme.

XX. —20. An Acte for the punishement of Vagabondes callyng themselfes Egiptians.

1 The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but are now added to denote the Number of the Chapters * printed: Chapters XXVI. XXVII. and XXVIII. are not inserted in the Oldest Printed Collections : Chapter XXIX. XXX. and XXXI. are not entered on the Roll, although noticed in the List; They are therefore printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office : Nu. 29. is now first printed as Chapter XXXII. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the Acts on the Roll j but it has been thought convenient to repeat the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

5 K

Go o

40‘2

5° Eliz. c. 1

A.D. 1562-3

XXI. —21. An Acte for the punishement of unlawfull taking of Fishe Deare or Hawkes.

XXII. —22. An Acte agaynste the caryeng of Sheepe Skihes and PeJtes over the Sea not being Staple Ware.

XXIII. —23. An Acte for the due execuc&n of the Writ De Excomunicato Capiendo.

XXIV. —24. An Acte for the revivyng of a Statute made An0 23° Henr Octavi towching the making of Gaoles.

XXV. —2 5. An Acte to fill upp Juries de Circumstantibus lacking in Wales.

XXVI. —26. An Acte for thenrollem* of Indentures of Bargayne and Sale in the Quenes Ma‘" Courtes of (*)

XXVII. —27. An Acte towching Fines to bee levied in the County Palatyne of Durham.

XXVIII. —28. An Acte for the translating of the Bibles and the Dyvine Service into the Welshe Tongue.

XXXII.—29. An Acte of an Assignment of certayne Somes of Money to defreye the Chardges of the Quenes

Majesties Howsholde.

30. An Acte for the Confirmad6n of certayn Lyberties granted to the Citie of Exetour.

31. An Acte for the ConfirmaflJn of Ires patentes granted to the Towne of Sowthampton, towching the

bringing in of Malmesies and other Sweet Wynes by Marchant Strangers.

32. An Acte tenhable the Vicounte Byndon and Dame Elizabethe his Wyef to make Leasses for three

lyves or for xxj yeres.

33. An Acte taucthorlse the L. Burgavenny to make Leases for xxj yeres.

34. An Acte to restrayne Henry Howarde from discontinuing any his Landes.

35. An Acte towching one Annultee granted for the finding of a Scoole at Guldforde.

36. An Acte for the Recoverye and Inning of Plumsted Mershe nowe overflowed withe Water.

37. An Acte to restore in Bloodde the Sonnes and Doughters of the late L. Huseye.

38. An Acte for the Restitution in Bloodd of Willyam West Esquyer.

39. An Acte for the Resdtucbn in Bloode of Sr Peter Caroo Knight.

40. An Acte for the Resdtucbn in Bloode of S' Rauf Chamberlayn Knight and John Harlston.

41. An Act for the Resdtucbn in Bloodd of Thomas Cobham Willyam Cromer and others.

42. An Acte for the Resdtucbn in Bloodd of theires of Thomas Isleye.

43. An Act for the Resdtucbn in Bloodd of theires of Willyam Thomas.

44. An Act for the Resdtucbn in Bloodd of theires of Leonerde Diggf.

45. An Act for the Resdtucbn in Bloode of theires of Thomas Cranmer late Archeb of Canto'.

46. An Act for the Resdtucbn in Bloode of theires of S' Henry Isleye Knight.

47. An Act for the Resdtucbn in Bloodd of Edwarde Turner.

48. An Act to make free Denyzens the Children of John Fitzwilliams James Harvie and others borne

beyonde the Seas.

XX\X.-----An Acte for the Confirmacbn of a Subsidye granted by the Clergye.

XXX\.-----An Act of a Subsydye and Twoo XVth* and Tenthes granted by the Temporalrie.

XXX.-----An Act of the Quenes Ma1" most free gratyous and generall Pardon.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for thassurance of the Quenes Ma1" Royall power over all Estates and Subjectes within her Highnes

Dominions.

FO R preservation of the Quenes most excellent Highnes, her heires and successors, and the dignitie of the Imperiall Crowne of tins Realme of Englande, and for avoyding bothe of suche hurtes perils dishonors and inconveniences, as have before tyme befallen aswell to the Quenes Ma'" noble Progenitors Kynges of this Realme, as for the whole Estate thereof, by ttveanes of the Jurisdiction and power of the See of Rome, unjustly claymed and usurped within this Realme and the 'Dominions thereof, and also of the daungers by the fawters of the sayd usurped power, at this tyme growen to marvelous outrage and lycentyous boldenes, and nowe requyring more sharpe restraynt and correccyon of Lawes then hitherto in the tyme of the Quenes Ma* most milde and mercyfull reigne have been had used or establysshed ; Be it therfore enacted ordeyned and establyshed by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye, and the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thauthoritee of the same. That yf any pson or psones dwelling inhabiting or resiant within this Realme, or within any other the Quenes Domynions Seignyories or Countreis, or the Marches of the same, or elsewhere within or under her obeysance and of Rome within power, of what estate dignitie preeminence order degree or condicbn soever hee or they bee, after the First day of Aprill whiche shalbee in the yere of our Lorde God, Fyftene hundrethe threeskore & three, shall by writing ciphering prynting preaching or teaching dede or acte, advisedlye and wittingly holde or stande withe textoll set foorthe maintayne or defende thaucthoritee jurisdiction or power of the Bushoppe of Rome or of his See, heeretofore claymed used or usurped within thys Realme, or in any Domynion or Countreye being of within or under the Quenes power or obeysance, or by any speeche open dede or acte advisedly and wittingly attribute any suche maner of jurisdiccyon aucthofitee or preeminence to the sayd See of Rome, or to any Bushoppe of the same See for the tyme being,

1 A Blank on the Roll; The Title in the Calendar is ‘ An Act for the Inrollment of Indentures of Bargayne and Sale in the Quenes Mali" Courts

Dominions, Premunire as under St. 16 Ric. II. c. 5. if prosecuted within one Year.

For preserving the Power of the Crown, against the Usurpation of the See of Rome.

Penalty on Persons upholding the Jurisdiction of the

toy Co. »gle

A.D.\562~5.

5° Eliz. c. 1.

403

within thin Realme or in any the Quenes Dominions or Countreis; that then every suche peon or psons so doing or offending, their abetours procurours and councellours, and also their aydours assistentes and comforters, upon purpose and to thintent to set foorthe further and extoll the sayd usurped power aucthorite or jurisdice&n of any of the said Busshoppe or Busshoppes of Rome and every of them, being therof laufully indited or >resented, within one yere next after any suche offences by him or them comitted, and beyng laufully convicted or attaynteO at any tyme after, according to the Lawes of this Realme, for every suche defaulte and offence shall incurr into the daggers penalties paynes and fbrfeytures ordeyned and provided by the Statute of Provisyon and Preminire made in the Sixtene yere of the reigne of Kyng Richarde the Seconde.

And it is also enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That aswell Justices of Assise in their Circuites, av Justices of Peace within the lymites of their Comission and Aucthorities, or two of every suche Justices of Peace at th> least, whereof one to bee of the Quoru, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte in their Quvrter or open Sessions, tenquire of all offences contemptes and transgressions perpetrated comitted or done contrary to the hue meaning of the premisses, in lyke maner 8c forme as they may of other Offences against the Quenes Peace; and shall certefie every Presentment afore them or any of them had or made, concerning the same or any pte therof, before the Quene her heires & successo" in her or their Courte comonly called the Kings Benche, within fourty days next after any suche pntement had or made, yf the Terme bee then open, and yf not, at the first daye of the full Terme next following the sayd xl." days, upon payn that every of the Justiciers of Assise or Justiciers of the Peace before whom suche pntment shalbee made, making defaulte of suche Certificate contrarie to this Statute, to lose and forfeite for every suche default One hundrethe poundes to the Quenes Highnes her heire? and successoures.

And yt ys enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That the Justices of the Kinges Benche, aswell upon every suche Certificate as by inquyrye before themselves within the lymites of their aucthorities, shall have full power and aucthoritee to heare order and determyne every suche Offence doone or comitted contrarye to the trewe meaning of this pnte Acte, according to the Lawes of this Realme; in such lyke maner and fourme to all internes and purposes as yf the pson or psons against whom any presentment shall bee had upon this Estatute, had beene presented upon any mater or offence expressed in the sayd Estatute made in the sayd Syxtene yere of the reigne of King Richarde the Seconde.

And moreover be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That aswell all maner of psons expressed and appointed in and by thact made in the first yere of the Quenes Ma"" Raigne that nowe ys, intituled An Acte restoring to the Crowne thauncient Jurisdiction over thestate Ecclesiastical! and Spuall, and abolishing all Forreine Powers

repugnant to the same, to take the Othe expressed and set foorthe in the same, as all other psons whiche have taken or shall take Orders, comonly called Ordines Sacros or Ecclesiasticall Orders, have ben or shalbee promoted preferred or admitted to any Degree of Leming in any Universitee within this Realme or Dominions to the same belonging, and all Scholemasters and publick and private Teacheres of Children, as also all maner of pson and psons that have taken or hereafter shall take antiy Degree of Learning in or at the Comen Lawes of this Realme, aswell utter Barresters as Benchers Readers Auncientes in any Howse or Howses of Courte, and all pryncypall Treasourers and suche as bee of the Grande Company in every Inne of Chauncerye, and all Attoumeys

Prothonotaries and Philizers towardes the Lawes of the Realme, and all manner of Sheriffes Escheatoures and

Feodaries, and all other pson and psons whiche have taken or shall take upon him or them, or have been or

shalbee admitted to any Ministerye or Office in at or belonging to the Comen Lawe or any other Lawe or Lawes, or to or for thexecucucon of them or any of them, used or allowed or at any tyme hereafter to bee used or allowed w'^in this Realme or any of the Dominions or Countreis belonging or whiche heereafter shall happen to belong to the Crowne or Dignitie of the same, and all other Officers or Ministers of or towardes any Courte whatsoever, and every of them, shall take and prononce a Corporall Othe upon the Evangelistes, before hee or they shall bee admitted allowed or suffrede to take upon him or them to use exercise supplye or occupye anny suche Vocac&n Office Degree Ministerye Roume or Service as ys aforesayd, and that in the open Court wherunto he dothe or shall serve or belong; And yf hee or they doo not or shall not serve or belong to any ordinarye or open Courte, then he or they shall take and pronounce the Othe aforesayd in an open Place before a convenient Assemblee to witnes the same, and before suche pson or psons as have or shall have aucthoride by Cdmon Use or otherwise to admitt or call any suche pson or psons as is aforesayd to any suche Vocac&n Office Ministerye Roume or Service, Or els before suche psone or psons as by the Quenes Highnes her Heires or Successours, by Comission under the Great Seale of Englande* shalbee named or assigned taccept and take the same, according to the Teno' Effecte and Forme of the same Othe verbatim, whiche ys and as yt ys alreadye sett foorthe to bee taken in the aforesayd Acte made in the first yere of the Quenes Majesties Reygne.

And also be yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam’, That every Archebushopp and Bushopp wthin this Realme and Dominions of the same, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte to tender or minister the Othe aforesayd to every or any Spuall or Ecclesiasticall pson w"'in their proper Diocesse, aswell in Places and Jurisdiccons exempt, as elswhere.

And bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the Lorde Chancello' or Keper of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme being, shall and may at all tymes hereafter by vertue of this Acte w^out further Warr*unt, make and directe Comission or Comissions, under the Greate Seale of Englande, to any pson or psonnes giving them or some of them therby aucthoritee to tender and minister thothe aforesayd, to suche pson or psons as by thaforesayd Comission or Comissions the said Comissioners shalbe aucthorised to tender the same Othe unto.

II.

Justices of Aititc and Peace thall inquire of Offences, and certify the aame into King'a Bench ; Penalty ^ioo.

III.

Juslictt of K. B. thall determine tuch ORences.

IV.

Oath of Supremacy required by Stat.

I Elia. c. I. $ 9. shall be taken by Persona taking Holy Ordera or Degrees in the Universities, and by Schoolmasters, Barristers, Benchers, Attornies, and all Officers, at Common Law, or of any Court whatever.

V.

Bishops may tender Oaths to all Ecclesiastics.

VI.

Lord Chancellor may appoint Commissioners to administer the Oath.'

404

5° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1562-3.

vn.

Penilty on refuting to take the Oath, Premunire is under St. 16 Ric. II. c.5.

VIII. Refusal shall be certified into K. B. on Penalty ofj£ 100; and the Offender indicted there.

IX. Penalty on Second Offence in upholding the Jurisdiction of Rome, or refusing the Oath, High Treason.

X.

Attainder for such Treason shall not work Corruption of Blood.

XI. Exposition of the Meaning of the Oath.

XII.

Act shall be read at Quarter Sessions,

itc.

XIII. Members of Parliament shall (Ike the Oath before sitting in the House of Commons, on Pain of Disability.

And be it also further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That yf any pson or peons appointed or compellable by this Acte, or by the sayd Acte made in the said first yere, to take the sayd Othe, or yf anny pson or peons to whom the said Othe by any suche Comission or Comissions shalbee limited and appointed to be tendredd as ys aforesayd, doo or shall at the tyme of the sayd Othe so tendredd refuse to take or prononce the sayd Othe in maner and forme aforesayd. That then the pde so refusing, and being thereof lawfully indited or presented w,hin one yere next after any suche refusal] and convicted or attaynted at any tyme after according to the Lawes of this Realme, shall suffer and incurre the Dangz Penalties Paynes and Forfeytures ordeyned and provided by the Statute of Provision and [ Preminire1 ] aforesayd, made in the syxtene yere of the Reigne of King Richarde the Seconde.

And furthermore bee yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That all and eve y suche pson and psons having aucthorite to tender the Othe aforesayd, shall w^n fourtye dayes next after suche refusall or refusalles of the said Othe, yf the Terme bee then open, and yf not then at the first day of the full Tearme next following the sayd xlty days, make true Certyficate under his or their Seale or Seales of the Names Places and Degrees of the pson or psons so refusing the same Othe, before the Quene her Heyres or Success in her or their Courte comonly called the Kinges Benche; upon payne that every of the sayd psons, having suche aucthoritee to tender the sayd Othe making defaulte of suche Certificate, shall for everye suche defaulte forfeire One hundrethe powndes to the Quenes Highnes her Heyres or Successours; And that the Shrife of the Countye where the sayd Courte cdmonly called the Kinges Benche shall for the tyme be holden shall or may by vertue of this Acte empanell a Jurye of the same Countie tenquyre of and upon every suche refusall and refusalles; whiche Jurye shall or may, upon every suche Certificat and other Evidence to them in that behalf to bee geven by vertue of this Acte, proceede tendite the pson and psons so offending in suche sort and degree, to all Internes and Purposes as the same Jurye may doo of any Offence or Offences against the Quenes Majesties Peace, perpetrated committed or doone within the same Countie of and for the whiche the same Jurye ys so impanelled.

And for stronger defence and mayntenance of this Act, it ys further ordeyned enacted and established by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That yf any suche Offendo' or Offendoures as ys aforesaid of the firste pte or branche of this Estatute, That ys to saye, by writing cyphering prynting preaching or teaching deede or acte advisedly and wittingly holde or stande withe textoll setfoorthe mayntayne or defende thaucthoritie jurisdiction or power of the Bushoppe of Rome or of his See, heretofore claymed used or usurped w^n this Realme or in any Domynion or Countrey being of wlhin or under the Quenes Power or Obeysance, or by any Speeche open Deede or Acte advisedly and wittingly attribute any suche maner of Jurisdice&n Aucthoritee or Preemynence to the sayd See of Rome, or to any Bushoppe of the same See for the tyme being, w"‘in this Realme or in any the Quenes Domynions or Countreis, or bee to any such Offendo' or Offendo" abetting procuring or councelling, or ayding assisting or comforting, upon purpose and to thintent to set furthe further and extoll the sayd usurped Power Aucthoritee or Jurisdiccbn, after suche Convice&n and Attayndour as ys aforesaid doo eftesones comitt or doo the sayd Offences, or any of them, in maner & forme aforesayd, and bee therof dulye convicted and attaynted as ys aforesayd. And also that yf any the psonnes above named and appointed by this Acte to take thothe aforesayd, doo after the space of Three Monethes next after the first

Tendour thereof the seconde tyme refuse to take and pronounce or doo not take or pronounce the same in forme

aforesayd to bee tendered, that then every suche Offendour and Offendoures for the same seconde Offence and Offences shall forfaite lose and suffer suche lyke and the same Paynes Forfeitures Jugem* and Execucbn as ys used in Cases of Highe Treason.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned, nor any Attayndour to bee had by force and vertue of this Acte, shall not extende to make any Corruption of Bloude, the disheriting of any Heire Forfeyture of Dower, nor to the Prejudice of the Right or Tytle of any pson or psons other then the Right or Title of the Offendor or Offendors during his her or their naturall Lyves onelye; And that it shall and may be laufull to every

pson and psons, to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands Tents or Hereditament? after the Death of any suche

Offendour or Offendo" should or might have apperteyned yf no suche Attayndour hadd been, to enter into the same without any Ouster le mayne to bee sewed, in suche sorte as he or they might have doone yf this Acte had never been hadd ne made.

Provided also. That Thothe expressed in the sayd Acte made in the sayd first yere shalbe taken and expounded in suche forme as ys setfoorthe in an Admonicon annexed to the Quenes Ma'" Injunctions published in the first yere of her Ma'" Reigne; that is to saye, to confesse and acknowledge in her Ma,lc, her Heires and Successo", none other aucthoritee then that was chalenged and lately used by the noble King Henry Theight and King Edwarde the Syxte, as in the sayd Admonicbn more playnly maye appeare.

And be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte shalbee openly redd published and declared at every Quarter Sessions by the Clarck of the Peace, and at every Leete and Lawedaye by the Stuarde of the Court, and once in every Terme in the open Hall of every House and Houses of Courte and Chancery, at the times and by the psons therunto to be limitted & appointed by the Lorde Chancello' or Keper of the Great Seale for the tyme being.

And be it further enacted, That every pson whiche hereafter shalbee elected or appointed a Knight Citizen or Burgesse, or Baron for any of the Fyve Portes, for any Pliament or Pliam'f hereafter to be holden, shall from hensfurthe, before he shall enter into the Pliament House or have any voyce there, openly receyve and prononce the sayd Othe before the Lorde Stuarde for the tyme being, or his Deputie or Deputies for that tyme to be appointed; And that he

1 Premunire 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 1.

405

i

I

i

I

i

I

I

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

k

i

I

i

i

i

k

t

i

n

l1

t

i

whiche shall enter into the Pliament House without taking the sayd Othe, shalbe demcd no Knight Citizen Burgesse nor Baron for that Pliament, nor shall have any voyce, but shalbee to all Intentes Construcc&ns [and1] Purposes as yf hee hadd never been returned nor elected Knight Cityzen Burgesse or Baron for that Parlyament, and shall suffer suche Paynes and Penalties as yf he had presumed to sitt in the same without Election Retume or Aucthoritee.

Provided alwaye, That forasmuche as the Quenes Ma"' ys otherwise sufficiently assured of the Faithe and Loyaltie of the Temporall Lordes of her Highnes Courte of Pliam1, therfore this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to compell any Temporall Pson of or above the degree of a Baron of this Realme, to take or prononce thothe abovesayd, nor to incurre any Penaltye limited by this Acte for not taking or refuting the same; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

XIV. Peer* need not take the Oath.

Provided and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That charitable gyving of reasonable Alines to any of the citing Aim* Offendour or Offendours above specified, without Fraude or Covyn, shall not bee taken or interpreted to be any suche to 0""*"* abetment procuring councelling ayding assisting or comforting, as therby the gyver of suche Aimes shall incurr any Payne Penaltie or Forfeyture appointed in this Acte.

Provided also and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Parlyament, That yf anny Peere of this Realme p,ri 0(ren<iing shall hereafter offende contrary to this Acte, or any Branche or Article therof, that in that and all suche Cases and ,h*11 * tried Case theye shall bee tryed by their Peeres, in suche Maner and Forme as in other Cases of Treasons they have used by P"r,‘ to bee tryed, and by none other meanes.

XVII

Provided also further and be yt enacted, That no pson shalbee compelled by vertue of this Acte to take thothe Certain Pmon* above mentioned at or upon the seconde tyme of offring the same, according to the Forme appointed by this Statute, except the same pson hathe been ys or shalbe an Ecclesiasticall Pson, that had hathe or shall have, in the tyme of one a Second Time, of the reignes of the Quenes Ma'" most noble Father Brother or Syster, or in the tyme of the Reigne of the Quenes * "n|kred. MaUe her Heires or Successours, Chardge Cure or Office in the Churche, or suche pson or psones as had hathe or hereafter shall have any Office or Ministerye in any Eccticall Courte of this Realme, under any Archebushoppe or Bushoppe in any the tymes or reignes aforesayd, or suche pson or psons as shall [willingly1] refuse tobserve thorders and Rites for Dyvine Service, that bee authorised to bee used and observed in the Churche of Englande after that he or they shalbe publikly by Thordinary or some of his Officers for Ecclesiasticall Causes admonished to kepe and observe the same; or suche as shall openly and advisedly deprave, by Woordes or Writinges or any other open Facte, any of the Rites and Ceremonies at any tyme used and authorised to be used in the Churche of England, or that shall saye or heare the pryvate Masse prohibited by the Lawes of this Realme ; and that all suche psons shalbee compellable to take the Othe upon the seconde Tender or Offer of the same, and incurre the Penalties for not taking of the sayd Othe, and none other.

And forasmuche as yt ys doubtfull whether by the Lawes of this Realme ther bee any Punishement for such as kill or slea any pson or psons attaynted in or upon a [Preminire:!] Be it therefore enacted by aucthorite aforesayd.

That yt shall not bee lawfull to any pson or psons to slea or kyll any pson or psons in any maner attaynted, or hereafter declared unlawful.

to be attaynted, of in or upon any [Preminire,3] by pretence reason or aucthoritye of any Judgement geven or hereafter to

be gyven in or upon the same, or by Pretence Reason or Force of any Woorde or Woordes Thing or Thinges conteyned

or specified in any Statute or Lawe of Provision and [Preminire,3] or in any of them; Any Lawe or Statute, or Opinion or

Exposic&n of any Lawe or Statute, to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding : Saving always the due Execution of all Sating for Capital

and every pson and psons attaynted or to bee attaynted for any Offence wherupon Judgement of Deathe nowe is or other Punishment.

ought to bee, or hereafter may laufully be given by (*) reason of this Statute or otherwise : And saving alwayes all and bT former L*w*>

every suche Paynes of Deathe or other Hurte or Punishement as heretofore might, without Danger of Lawe, bee doone

upon any pson or psons that shall sende or bring into this Realme or any other the Quenes Dominions, or w'kin the

same shall execute, any Somons Sentence Excoicacon or other Proces against any pson or psons from the Bushoppe of

Rome for the tyme being, or by or from the See of Rome, or Thancthoritee or Jurisdice&n of the same See.

XIX.

Provided always and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That no pson or psons shall hereafter bee indited Acceuatiet shall be for assisting ayding maintayning comforting or abetting of any pson or psons, for any of the sayd Offences in extolling j^AccuwSm setting foorthe or defending of the usurped Power and Aucthorite of the Bushopp of Rome, unlesse hee or they be and Proof.* therof laufully accused, by suche good and sufficient Testimonye or Prose as by the Jurye by whom he shall so bee Indited shall bee thought goodd lawfull and suffyeient to prove him or them gyltye of the sayd Offences.

XVIII.

The killing of Person« attainted on Premuoire,

' or O.

• willfullie 0.

5 premunire 0.

it

Vou IV.

5 L

406

5° Eliz. c. 2.

A.D. 1562-S.

The Statute!

4 H. VII. c. i*

7 H.VIII. c. i. a7 H.VIII. c. at. confirmed.

II.

27 H.VIII. c.a8. $ 17, 18. for supporting Farm Houies and Lands of suppressed Monasteries, dec. confirmed.

III.

Stats, of Edw. VI. and Phil. & Mary, at to Houses of Husbandry and Tillage, repealed.

[Sits,6E.yi. c.s. 2tiP.VM. r.a.]

IV.

All Lands tilled, for Four Years auccestirely, at any Time since 20 Hen. VIII. shall be kept in Tillage;

CHAPTER n.

An Acte for the mayntenaunce and encreace of Tyllage.

FORASMUCHE as the Statute made in the Fourthe yere of the Reigne of the late Prynce of worthye memorye King Henrye the Serenthe, for the keping upp of Houses of Husbandrye, and one other Statute made in the Seventhe yere of the Reigne of the late King of most famouse memorie King Henrie Theight, entituled An Act tavoide letting downe of Townes, and also one other Acte made in the Twentithe and seventhe yere of the Reigne of the same late King Henry Theight, entituled An Act concerning the decaye of Houses &. Inclosures, arr verye good and profitable Lawes for the Comon welthe of this Realme: It is therfore ordeyned and established by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye wIh thassent of the Lordes Spuall & Temporall & the Comons in this pnt Plem' assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That the said Actes and every of them, and every Branche and Article in the same and every of them conteyned, shall from hensfurth be put in due execuAJn, and remayne and continue in force for evermore.

And also where by an Acte made in the Twentythe and seventhe yere of the Reigne of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Henry Theight, wflerby dyvers and sundrye Religious Houses of Munkes Channons and Nunes whiche might not dispende in Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes above the dere yerelye value of Twoo Hundrethe Powndes, were gyven to the sayd late King Henrie Theight his heires & successo" for ever, It is among other Thinges enacted and ordeyned, that all and singler psons (1) Bodyes Polytike and Corporate to whom the sayd late King Henry Theight his heires or successoures, after the making of the same Acte, should gyve grante lett or demise any Scyte or Precincte withe the Houses therupon builded, together withe the Demeanes of any Monasteries Pryories or other Religious Houses that shoulde bee dissolved or gyven to the said late King Henry Theight by that Acte, and Theires Successors or Assignes of every suche Pson Body Politike and Corporate, shoulde kepe or cause to bee kepte an honest continuall House and Householde in the same Scite or Precincte, and shoulde occupye or cause to bee occupyed yerely as muche of the Demeanes in ploughing and tilling of Husbandrye, that is to saye, as muche of the said Demeanes w4 then were comonlye used to bee kept in Tillage by the Govemoures Abbottes or Prioures of the same Houses Monasteries or Priories, or by their Fermour or Fermoures occupieng the same within the tyme of Twentye yeres next before that Acte, upon payne to forfaite to the Kinges Highnes for every Monethe so offending, Syxe pounds threttene shillingf four pens, to be recovered to his use in any of his Courtes of Recorde: and over that, by the same Statute it ys enacted, that all Justices of Peace in every Shere wher any suche Offence shoulde bee comitted and done contrary to the true meaning and intent of that Act or Statute, shoulde in every Quarter and Generali Sessions within the limites of their Comission esquire of the Premisses, and shoulde have foil Power and Aucthoritee to heare and determyne the same, and to taxe and assesse no lesse Fine for every the sayd Offences then ys before limited for the said Offence, and Estreates thereof to bee made and certefied into the Kinges Exchequer according and at such tyme and forme as other Estreates of Fynes Issues and Amerciamentf bee made by the same Justices ; as by the same Acte more at large dothe appeare : Whiche parte of the said Acte concerning keping of House and Housholde in the sayd Scites and Precinctes, and occupieng of suche Demeanes of the same in Tyllage as ys aforesayd, then was and yet ys thought very beneficiall to the Comon welthe, and most nedefoll to bee put in due Execuc&n ; Be it therfore enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the sayd Branches and Articles of the said Estatute last above mentioned made in the said xxvij" yere of our sayd late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Thight, and every Penaltie and Thing touching the same, bee also from hensforthe put in due exccuc&n, and shall remayne and continue in their full force and vertue according to the good entent and meaning of the same last recited Statute; Any thing in this pnte Acte to bee hereafter conteyned to the contrarye notwithestanding.

And Forasmuche as ther have been sithence the making of the said Statute, certayne other Lawes and Statutes made in the tyme of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Syxte, and in the tyme of our late Soveraigne King Philippe and Quene Marye, for the reedifieng of decayed Houses of Husbandrye and for thencrease of Tillage; whiche being in some Partes therof unpcrfecte, and in some places to milde and gentle, have not brought to the decayed state of Tillage and of Houses of Husbandrye that long looked for Remedye whiche was then hoped for: Bee it therefore enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That the said Lawes and Statutes made in the times of the said late King Edwarde the Sixte and King Philypp and Quene Marie, touching and concerning the decaye of Houses of Housbandrye and for thencreace of Tillage, and every Article and Thing in them and every of them conteyned, shalbee from hensforthe repelled and made voyde to all intentes and purposes.

And bee it also further enacted and established by thaucthorite aforesayd, That from and after the Feast of Thanunciactin of our Ladye wch shalbee in the yere of our Lorde God Fyftene hundrethe Three score and foure, all suche Landes and Groundes, or so muche in quantitee, as in any Towne Village Hamlet Lordeshipe Place knowen or Parishe within the Realme of Englande or Wales, have been eared ploughed and put in Tillage in any one yere, and so kept in Tillage by the space of sower yeres, any tyme sithence the Feast of S' George the Martyr in the twentithe yere of the Reigne of King Henry theight, (other then the said Demeanes of the said late Monasteries Priories and Religious Howses, given as ys [abovesaid1] to the said late King Henry Theight in the said xxvij*" yere of his Reigne,) shalbee eared ploughed used and kept in Tillage or caused to be to bee earedde ploughed used and kepte in Tillage for ever, according to the nature of the Soile and custome of the Countrey, by the Occupiour or Occupiours therof, without

1 and 0.

* above rehersed 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 2.

407

Fraude or Collusion; upon payne that every Offendour contrary to this Act shall lose and forfaite yerely for every

Acree, Tenne Shillinges, whiche Forfeiture shall goo and bee in maner and forme following, that ys to saye, to suche

pson or psons as [bee1] next in Reverc&n or Remaynder therof, for terme of Lyfe Lyves or [Entaile,1] their Executoures

or Administrators; And that by thaucthoritee of this Acte it shalbe laufull for him or them to levie the same Penaltie Penalty io«. per

and Forfeiture of xs. for every Acre, by Distres, and to justifie or make their Advouries or Cognisances for the same, Heir in° Reunion,

in suche maner and fourme as any pson or psons may doo for Rentes reserved upon Estate or Estates made for terme if ,u^ for «*J""

of yeres, of any Landes or Tenementes, or otherwise shall and maye sue for the same Penaltie and Forfeiture by Action of hi/Default*o the

Debt Byll Playnt or Informacon in any Courte of Recorde of the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye, her Heires or

Successors, wherin no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Protec£6n shalbee allowed or admitted for the Partye defendant: to the Lord of the

And yf they or any of them do not distreine or otherwise clayme or demaunde the sayd Penaltie and Forfeiture by

any the Ways or Meanes aforesaid, within the space of one whole yere next after Thotfence done in forme aforesaid. Crown, tee.

and pursue for the same withe Effect, w,hout Fraude or Covyn, and doo not recover (and might have recovered the

same) withe suche Speede as may bee by the due order of Lawe, that then after suche Dcfeulte yt shalbe laufull for

him or them to whom the Revercon or Remainder of the Fee Simple of the sayd Landes shall appertaine, their

Executors or Administrators, to distreine avowe or make cognisance, and justefie or otherwise to sue for the sayd

Forfeiture and Paynes in forme aforesaid, at any time within one yere next ensueng any such Default: and in his or

their Default, the said Penaltie or Forfeiture to go and bee to the immediat Lord or Lordes of thee Fee or Fees, of

whom the said Landes been holden, to be recovered in maner and forme aforesayd, so that he or they doo take and

sue for his or their Remedye therin within one yere next ensueng any suche Default in maner and forme aforesayd:

And in his and their Defaulte, the sayd Penaltie and Forfeiture to go and bee to the Quenes Highnes her heires and successors, to bee recovered by any of the Meanes or Remedies aforesaide, at any tyine or tymes at her or their Willes and Pleasures; or otherwise to any other pson or psons that will sue aswell for the Quenes Ma'1' her heires and successours as for him or themselves, for the same paynes and forfeitures, upon whiche Sute thone Moitie shalbe and go to the Quenes Majestie her heires or successours, and thother to him or them that so will sue for the same, by Acc&n of Dett Bill Plaint or Informacon in any of the Quenes Courtes of Recorde, wherin no Essoine Proteccon or Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted or allowed for the Ptie Defendant.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons, beyng an Occupier and Owner of Pouhy ™ Owner* any suche Landes and Groundes as is aforesayd of any Estate of Inheritance, shall offende againste the forme of this "d Copyholder*

Acte, that then the said penaltie and forfeiture shall go and bee to the next immediat Lorde or Lordes of the Fee or of tSw Fee. or the

Fees thereof, his or their executours or administrators, to be recovered by suche ways and meanes as before is lymited Lord of the Minor, and appointed, so that he or they doo pursue and take their remedye for the same in fourme aforesaid, within one yere next after suche offence comitted; And yf any suche Occupior and Owner shalbee a Copyeholder or customarye Tenante, that then the said penaltie or forfeiture to go and bee to the Lorde or Lordes of the Mano' of whom the same Copie or customary Tenenites been holden, their executores or administratours, so that he or they doo pursue and take their Remedy for the same in suche maner and forme and within the tyme last before limitted ; And in every suche defaulte of the saide Lorde or Lords of the Fee or Fees, and of the Lorde or Lordes of the sayd Mano' or Manors as ys aforesaid, or of any of them, the sayd penalties and forfeytures to go and bee to the Quenes Malie her heires and successoures, or to suche other pson or psons as will sue for the same, aswell for the Quene her [heire’] or successoures, as for him or themselves, in suche maner and fourme as before ys declared ; In every whiche sute none Essoine Proteccon or Wager of Lawe shall bee admitted or allowed for the Partye defendante.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned PrOTiio^‘ puture shall not bee prejudiciall nor shall extende to chardge any pson or psons, that, hathe or shall tume any grounde from forDome»ticC»ttle. tyllage to pasture, and shall kepe suche grounde in pasture holl and not converted to tillage, for the onely mayntenance and keping of his or their owne Horses Geldingf Mares or Draught Oxen, or for the mayntenance or keping of Kyne or other Cattell for thonly victualles to bee spent in his or their owne houses; so that the same pson or psons hathe or shall not have in his or their possession occupac&n or disposition other sufficient pasture grounde for that purpose within fyve myles of his or their Mansyon House.

vn.

Provided also and bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson or psons that shall comonly feede and Exception of sell yerely Beefes or Muttons, to a greater nomber then he or they shall yerelye spende in victuell in his or their own Mansion House or Houses, or that shall bee a comon fettor of Beefes or Muttons, or any of them, as a comon Grasier for Sale, or Shepemaster to be comonly solde in Markettes and Fayres or to comon Butchers, shalbee taken expounded or understande to be suche p6on or psons as by this proviso last above mentioned, may kepe anny grounde or pasture holl and not converted to tillage for the mainteinance and keping of Kyne or other Cattle for thonely victuel to be spent in his or their owne houses, but been and shalbe excepted out of the same proviso; any thing in the same proviso conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided also and bee it likewise enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned r.w.^fJ/r»U shall not extende unto any lawful Parke or Parkes or auncient Warrens, now used with Deere or Conyes, or to any Common*. Wood*, Parke or Parkes heretofore laufully used as Parkes, and being nowe disparked, or to any other groundes that heretofore £^*dow* mo"n’ have been, by any her Highnes Progenitoures, or hereafter shall fortune to bee made Parkes or Warrens, by lysence of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene her heires or successors, withe sufficient Clause of Dispensation for converting of

1 byn O. ' in tayle O. * heyres 0.

408

5° Eliz. c. 2.

A.D. 15 62-3.

IX. Proviso for Persons absent from their Estates, Minors, &c.

X.

Proviso for Prosecutions depending under Acts hereby repealed.

Xi.

How the 20 Acres of Land specified in St.aH.VIl. c.19. shall be defined and measured.

Slat. Temp. Iiuert. Vol.I. pa. 206.

XII.

None shall be twice punished for the same Offence.

tillage into pasture, and been or shalbe layed bestowed and emploied to the mayntenance and keping of Deere or Coonies, without fraude or covyn, and not to the feeding or keping of any other Cattell or Beastes but onelye Milche Kine for him or themselfes, or his or their keper of suche Parcke or Warren for the provision of his or their house or houses, or for the keping of his or their Horses Geldingf Mares Coltes or Swyne; Ne shall extende to any wast Groundes Comons Heathes Downes Fennes Moores comonly used as Comon, nor to any Heathes Fennes Moores Mairshes being nowe used in severaltie and not comonly used to bee sowen and put in tillage synce the said feast of S' George in the sayd XXth yere of the reigne of King Henry theight, nor to any freshe Marshes being surrounded withe water within the space of syxe yeres next before the first daye of this pnte Pliament; nor to any Orchard Garden Poole or Pondyarde, nor to any Grounde set or sowen withe Safforne Hoppes Garlike Onyons Flaxe Oade or Madder, or being without fraude or guyle sowen w"1 Acomes, or set w* any kinde of young Woodes; nor to any

Woode Groundes whiche be not stubbed or wherin the Wood hathe been felled or hereafter shalbe felled, and the

Rootes and Stubbes thcrof yet remayning undigged up; nor any Meadowes or other Groundes w,bout fraude or covyn, accustomably used to bee mowen for Heye once in the yere at the least; during [all1] suche tyme as all and every the

same shalbe used or putto thuses and intentes before specyfied; any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary

notwithestanding.

And Where in the said first proviso yt ys mentioned, that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende or bee prgudiciall to any pson or psons for keping of any grounde in pasture or meadowe for thonely mayntenance or keping of his or theyr owne Horses Mares Geldingf or draught Oxen, or for the mayntenance or keping of Kyne or other Cattell for thonely provision or victualling of his or their Mansion or dwelling house or houses; Bee it declared and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf yt shall fortune any suche pson or psons to bee absent and not resident at or upon his or their usuall Mansion or dwelling house or houses w"" his familye or housholde, for and by occasion of service or attendance to be done by any suche pson or psons by the expresse comaundement of the Quenes Ma’ie her heires or successours w‘*in the Realme or w*"out, orels having twoo or three Mansion or dwelling houses, and shalbe resident and dwelling w"* his familie but at one of them, or shalbee wthin age; that then during and for the time of suche service attendance or minoritie and absence, and one yere next after, from any his sayd dwelling houses, or during or for the tyme that he or they shalbee resident & dwelling withe his family but at or upon one of them, shall and may kepe suche groundes in pasture or meadowe, belonging or usually occupied w*h any of the said twoo or three houses, and w* no mo nor others in his or their owne handes or occupation, or let yt out to any other pson or psons, w,hout incurring of any danger or forfeiture by vertueof this Act; so that the same pson or psons shall and doo kepe the same Mansion and dwelling howse or howses unletton and in good and sufficient reparations, and meete and convenient for him or them to repaire and resorte unto at all tymes for his or their dwelling [or*] abode; Any thing in the said proviso or in anye parte of this Acte to the contrary therof in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That the Repeale of any Acte or Statute nowe repelled by this pnte Acte, nor any other matter or thing herein conteyned, shall in any wise extende or bee interpreted judged or expounded to hynder hurte or take away any sute informacon or informaebns exhibyted and nowe depending in the Quenes Ma*" Courte of Exchequer, or in any other Courte of Recorde, for or in any wise concerning the decaye of any houses or tenementes of husbandrye, or for the converting of annye landes or tenementes from tillage into pasture, contrary to the fourme and effecte of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made; but that all and every such sutes and informaebns shall stande remayne and bee of as good force and effect in the Lawe to all intentes costruccbns and purposes as the same and every of them were before the making of this Acte ; and that the sayd Actes and Statutes nowe by this pnte Acte repealed shall, for and in respecte onely of the said informaebns and sutes and every of them so nowe depending, stande remayne and bee in suche like force and effecte as they and every of them were before the making of this Acte ; any thing herein conteyned to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

And Whereas some doubt and question hathe heeretofore rysen and been moved upon certayne woordes conteyned in the sayd Statute made in the sayd fourthe yere of the reigne of the late King Henry the Seventh, that ys to saye, upon these woordes, house or houses letton to ferme withe twentye acres of lande at [the1] leaste or more, lyeng in tyllage and husbandrye, whether the same twentye acres of lande or more shoulde bee accompted and taken to bee all Earable lande, and wholly put in tyllage or not; and also what quantitee and measure every acre shoulde bee of and conteyne : For a playne and pfecte declaracbn and interpretatyon whereof, Bee it enacted and declared by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament that the sayd Statute ys and shalbee expounded and taken textende to house or houses that nowe have or hathe or at any tyme heretofore, sithe the first yere of the reigne of the sayd late King Henry the Seventh, have or hathe had or that hereafter shall have Twentye acres of grounde to the same house or houses lying or belonging or w* the same comonly occupyed or used, althoughe the same grounde hathe not beene ys or shalbee all whollye used as earable lande and put in tillage, but onely sume pte therof; and that the content of every acre shalbe taken and rated after the rate and measure lymitted and appointed in the Ordinance or Treatise De Terris mensurandis; any ambiguitie doubt or thing whatsoever to the contrarye thereof notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf any pson or psonnes hathe or at any tyme hereafter shall sustayne any penaltie forfeiture or losse for or by reason of anny Offence comitted or done contrarye to the tenour or effecte of this Acte, or any other of thactes before recited and confirmed, that then he or they shall not bee eftsones sued vexed or impeached for the same Offence ; any thing in this Act or in any other of thactes aforesaid had or made to the contrary therof notwustanding.

1 0. omits. * and 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 2.

409

And to thintent that the offendour of this Acte or of any of thactes before specified and by this Act confirmed, XIII. and thoffences comitted and done against any of the same, may bee the better knowen, and that the more due execuc&n enquired of by thereof may bee hadd; Bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That the Lorde Chancellour or Lorde Keper of the ^ommin»ionere^o^ Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme being, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte from time Lord Chancellor, to tyme to awarde & directe a Comission or Comissions under the Greate Seale of Englande into every Shire or Countye &c

within this Realme and Wales, to suche psons as by his wisedome and discretyon shalbe thought most meete and convenient, authorising them, or foure of them at the least, by vertue therof and of this Acte, tenquyre and searchout w,hin every Towne Vyllage Parishe and Hamlett w'hin their Comission, by thothes of syxe laufull and indifferent psons, or otherwise according to their goodd discretions, of thoffences comitted or done against this Statute, or any other the Statutes before mentioned and by this Acte confirmed, and whether any pson or psons to whom any penalne or forfeiture is given lymitted or appointed by the same or any of them, have taken the benefite or advantage of the said forfeytures and paynes, or not, according to the same Lawes and Statutes: And that w"'in three monethes nexte after every suche Inquyrye and searche, the sayd Comissioners or foure of them at the least shall make Certificate therof and of theyr doinges by vertue of the said Comission, under their handes and scales, into the Highe Courte of Chancerie, upon payne of forfeiture of every suche Comissioner Twenty pounds sterl to the Quenes Ma'k her heires and successors:

And that the same Comissioners, or two of them at the least, shall have aucthorite and power by vertue of this Acte to directe their precepte to the Shyriffes of the Countie, being w,hin the lymittes of their Comission, to warne as many honest Men of his Bailifwyke as the sayd Comissioners shall appointe, by whom the truthe in the premisses may bee best knowne, tenquire and true pntem* make of all and every offences comitted or done contrary to the sayd Actes or any of them, and to sette suche reasonable Fines and Amerciamentes upon suche psons as shall make defaulte of their apparances, or makyng their apparances shall neglect to doo theyr duties in and about thexecuc&n of the premisses, as to the same Comissioners or foure of them shalbe by their discretions thought meete and convenient, so that the same Fines [and ‘ ] Amerciamentes for any one defaulte excede not the some of twenty shillinges: And that the same Fines and Amerciamentes so by them taxed and set shalbee yerely well and truely estreated into the Courte of Thexchequer, and ther to be levied to thuse of our Sovereigne Lady the Quene her heires and successours, as other Fines and Amerciamentf have been there accustomed and used to bee levyed : And that yf the Shreife to whom suche precept shalbe awarded, shalbe remisse or neccligent in serving of the precept, and returning of the same at the time

and place appointed and prefixed in the same precept. That then the said Comissioners or foure of them shall for every

suche default asses and taxe upon the said Shirif x ii. and shall estreate the same into the said Court of Exchequer,

to bee levied to the Quenes Ma‘k* use her heires and successors as ys aforesayd.

XIV

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That it shall not be laufull to any Shirif Under ProTil0 for * Sherife or Sherifes Deputie tinfring or enter into any Libertie or Franchise for thexecucon of any suche Precept, but Franchises, shall make his Mandatum to the Bayleyf of the Franchise or Libertie for thexecuting and serving of the same; and that the Bailief of every suche Franches or Libertie shall serve and execute the said Precept according to the teno' therof, in suche like maner and forme as the Shrif should or ought to have done yf it had been wu‘in his Baiiiefwike, upon payne of forfeiture of v fi. to be estreated and levied as is aforesaid.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaide, That the putting of any Lands or Tents heereafter from pr0Tiw^' Pasture to Tillage according to the teno' and effect of this Acte, shall not in any wise extende to bee any cause of Covenants, kc. Breache or Forfeiture of any Bonde Coven’nt Paim' or CondicSn, made or hereafter to be made betwen any pson or psons Bodies Politike or Corporate, wch in any wise is or shalbe repugnant or contrariant to this Acte.

Provided always and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned proviJ^' shall not extende to geve any Benefite Advantage or Libertie to any pson or psons w"‘, at any time sithence the said Connigreei.

Feast of S' George the Martir, hathe converted or employed or hereafter shall convert or employ any more Grounde to the keping of Conies, not being lauful Warren, then fyve Acres at the most, and the same to be w"'in one rnyle of his Dwelling House, and also not noysome or hurtfull to the Come of any pson or psons, other then of the Owner of the same Grounde; so that he or they put and kepe in Tillage asmuche or as many Acres of his owne pp Grounde lyeng w"‘in the sayd Mano' Lordeshippe or Parishe as the said Conygree shall conteine above the sayd noinber of five Acres that hathe not heretofore been liable to be continued in Tillage by force of any Lawe or Statute; Any thing in this Acte before mentioned to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

And where also by the sayd Estatute of Henry the Seventh, the meaning of the makers therof appearethe to bee, XVII.

* 1 , , Land shall not be

that every House of Husbandrye having twenty Acres of Lande or more, belonging or lyeng therunto or withe the separated from same comonly occupied used or demised, the same xx" Acres or more shoulde not be severed or devided from the w<theM«nhJof sayd House or Houses, but should be dimised occupied or used together for the better mayntenance of every suche House St. 4 H.VII. c. 19. and Houses and of Tillage, and Husbandryee: Bee it therfore enacted and declared by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliam',

That no pson or psons whatsoever having or that heereafter shall have any suche Houses or House of Husbandrye, w'h xx'#

Acres of Lande or more belonging or lyeng theronto or w,h the same comonly occupied used or demised, shall from and after the first day of this pnte Pliam' sever or devide the saide twenty Acres of Lande or more nor any pte therof from any of the said House or Houses, unlesse the same bee kept in Tillage, or otherwise for the Profit of Husbandrye according to the nature of the Grounde, or according to the custome of the Manours where the same Land shall so be; upon the paynes and forfeitures conteyned in the saide Estatute of Henry the Seventhe, to be taken in suche forme as by the same Statute appearethe; Except hee or they shall leve or assigne to the said House or Houses, or to any other House or Houses being within the same Parishe or Lordeshipe or w^in twoo myles of the sayd Houses being

1 or O.

5 M

A

410

5° Eliz. c. 2.

A.D. 1562-3.

XVIII. Lands severed under existing Lease shall be united to the House on Expiration of the Lease.

XIX. Recital of

7 H.VIII. c. i. § i. as to Tillage Lands converted to Pasture;

All Tillage Lands so converted between ann. 7 and ao H.VIII. shall be restored to Tillage within one Year.

XX. Pasture converted to Tillage for Four Years only, need not be continued in Tillage.

XXI.

Proviso for Mines of Lead, Coal, &c.

XXII. Proviso for Forests.

Continuance of AS.

XXIII. Proviso for Houses destroyed in the Northern Counties.

XXIV.

Land now in Tillage shall not be converted to Pasture.

also not bounde to be mayntayned and upholden by fourme of the said Estatute of Kyng Henry the Seventhe, as muche other Lande within the same Parishe Lordeshippe or within twoo myles as ys abovesayd, for and in lieu of suche or so muche of the former Lande as ought to have contynued by force of the sayd Statute withe the former House, and cannot conveniently bee retourned to the same former House.

And bee yt further enacted by aucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any such House or Houses of Husbandrye & Lande bee dyvided or severed thone from thother, by reason of any Lease or Leases for terme of lyes liefes or for terme of yeres made or granted before the first day of this pnte Pliam', that then whensoever the sayd Lease or Leases shall ende or determyne by any maner of meanes, so as the same House or Houses and Landes theronto belonging shalbee dischardged of all suche Leases, the same House and Houses and Landes so demised shall not afterwardes bee severed or dyvided thone from thother, but shall goe be kept or occupied together at all tymes after according to the dcclarac&n before mentyoned, upon the paynes and forfeitures last before specified, and to be taken also as in the sayd Statute ys mentioned; Except by the returning or reuniting of the same Lande to the sayd House there shall or maye growe any manyfest decaye of any other Houses newelye edyfyed, or of any other Farmes that hathe been, by meanes of distribuc&n or severance of the same Lande or Landes or any parte thereof, made or assigned to be severall Tenementes or Holdes.

And where in the sayd Statute made in the sayd seventhe yere of the Reigne of the sayd King Henrye Theight, amonges other thinges in the same it is enacted, That yf, sithens the first daye of the same Plem1, any Landes, wch at the same first daye or sithens the same first daye were comonly used in Tillage, were inclosed or from thensforthe shoulde be inclosed and turned onely to Pasture, wherby any House of Husbandrye then was or thereafter shoulde bee decayed, that then all suche Landes shoulde bfee by the Owner or Owners therof, their Heirs Successoures or Assignes, or other for them, wythin one yere nexte ensuyng the same decaye, putt in Tyllage and exersised used and occupied in Husbandrye and Tillage as they were the first daye of the same Parliament or at anny tyme sithence, and after the maner and usage of the Countrey where suche Landes dyd lye; as by the sayd Acte more playnly maye appeare: And Forasmuch as upon the sayd pte of the said Statute, dyvers doubts and questions have been moved heretofore ; Bee it therfore enacted and declared by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yf at any tyme sithens the making of the sayd Acte and before the said Feast of S' George in the sayd xx,b yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henry Theight, any Landes belonging to any suche House of Husbandrye as is aforesayd, have been turned from Tillage to Pasture by any pson or psons, that then the same Landes or so muche other Landes being w"‘in the same Parishe Lordshippe or Manour that heretofore was not lyable or bounde by any Lawe or Statute to bee kepte in Tillage, shalbe turned agayne into Tillage w"‘in one yere next after the Session of this pnte Pliam' and kepte in Tillage for ever, according to the custome of the Cuntreye and nature of the Soyle; whether the sayd House wherunto the sayd Lands dyd belong bee decayed or no, or whether the same Landes were enclosed or not enclosed, or whether some parte therof and not the wholle were kept in Tillage or not; upon the paynes conteyned in the same Statute made in the sayd seventhe yere of the Reigne of the sayd late King Henry the Eight.

Provided alwaies and bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yf any pson or psones whatsoever having any Pasture Heathe Waste or Barren Grounde, wdl hathe not been heretofore comonly used to bee eared or tilled for Corne, and yet nevertheles the same pson or psons to thintent to better and amende the sayd Grounde, and not to use the same for Tillage, have or hathe at any tyme heretofore turned or put the same into Tillage, or at any tyme hereafter shall tume or put the same into Tillage, and hathe or shall kepe the same Groude for that cause onely in Tillage by the space of foure yeres togethers, that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not compell any pson or psons to continue or put in Tillage the sayd Pasture Heathe Barreyn or Waste Grounde so eared ; Any thing before expressed in this Act to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any Provision Clause or Article therin conteyned shall not bee understande or expounded textende, or be in any wise prejudicial), to those ptes or porcons of Groundes wherin any Oore of Leade Tynne or Iron, or Coles comonly Sea Cole Stone Cole or Moore Cole, have been arr or hereafter shalbee usually gotten, by meanes whereof the same Groundes can not conveniently be put and kept in Tillage; This Acte or any other Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided also. That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall extende to compell any pson or psons to put in Tillage any Lands or Grounds w^in any Forest or Chase, except the Forest of Snoweden in Northwales, otherwise then before the making of this Statute he or they ought or were bounde to doo; This Acte tendure to thende of the next Sessyon of Parlyament.

(') Provided alway, That this Statute or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to compell any Inhabitant of the Counties of Northumberland Westmerland or Cumbland, to reedifie maintaine or to kepe in manurance any House or Groud y* shalbe overthrown burned wasted destroyed or decaid by Ennemies, or by any occasion of Warres or Invasions, during the Warres or w,hin foure yeres after the conclusion of Peace next following, suche overthrowing burning destruction or wasting (') annye thing in this pnte Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And forasmuche as this Acte shall contynue but to thende of the next Session of Pliament, Be it therfore enacted by aucthorite aforesayd. That no pson or psons shall fromhensforth convert from Tillage to Pasture any Grounde which was in Tillage the first daye of this Pliament, other then suche as they might laufully have converted from Tillage to Pasture before the making of this Acte; Any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

1 The two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in two separate Schedules.

1 or O.

A.D.l 562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 3

411

*1

k

«*

ai

Ha

in

kb

tl

(ft:

fci

M

PJ

it

3t(

OK

it

,ft

‘1

BO

ft

ft

if

«[

ft

CHAPTER ID.

An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

TO thintent that idell and loytering psons and valiant Beggers may be avoyded, and thimpotent feble and The Statute*

lame, w* are the Poore in very dede, should bee hereafter relieved and well provided for: Bee it enacted by\ £*yj \\ jj' the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye w"1 thassent of the Lordes Squall and Temporall and the Comons in this jittt Pliamentf »• to the Poor, See. assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same, That the Statute made in the xxij‘h yere of the late King of famouse Amended.’*' " * memorye King Henrye Theight, and also the Statute made in the thirde and fourth yeres of the Reigne of the famouse King Edwarde the Syxthe, concerning Beggers Vagabundes and idle psons, and every Article Clause Branche Sentence and other thinge conteyned in them and eyther of them, (other then suche thinges as shalbee by this pnte Acte otherwye ordeyned and provided for,) shall stande remayn and bee in their full Force and Effecte, and shalbee also from hensforthe justly and truely put in execufbn according to the true meaning of the sayd severall Statutes and every of them.

And further be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That yerely upon the Sundaye next [before'] the Feast Daye of 0n sUnd*y ifttr the Nativitee of S' John Baptist, comonly called Midsomer daye, in everye Citie Boroughe and Towne Corporate, the Midiummer D»jr Mayor Bailiefes or other Head Officers for the tyme being, and in everie other Pishe of the Countrey the Parson Vycare officer* of Cit?e«, or Curate and Churchewardens, shall have writton in a Register or Booke to be provided by them, aswell the Names of Thinhabitantes and Householders w'"in theyr Citie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Parish, as also the Names of all of Parishes, shall suche impotent aged and nedy psons as bee w,bin their Citie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Parishe wrU are not liable ‘f^lmifto^ther to lyve of themselves nor w,h their owne labour ; and shall openly in the Churche and quyetly after Dyvyne Service call and distribute the the sayd Housholders and Inhabitantes together, among whom the Mayo' or other Head Officers and twoo of the lo the Poor’ Cheife Inhabitantes in every suche Cytie [Boroughe and Towne * ] Corporate suche as the Mayor or other Heade Officers shall thincke meete. And the Parson Vicar or Curate and Churchewardens in every other Parishe, shall elect nominate and appointe yerely twoo liable persons or mo, to be Gatherers and Collectours of the Charitable Aimes of all the residue of the people inhabiting in the Pishe wherof they bee chosen Collecto1* for the Releif of the Poore:

Whiche Collectoures, the Sonday next after their Electyon, or the Sunday following if nede require, when the people

are at the Churche at Dyvine Service, shall gentelly aske and demaunde of every Man and Woman what they of their

Charitee wilbee contented to gyve weekly towardes the Relief of the Poore, and the same to be writon in the sayd

Register or Booke: And the sayd Gatherers so being elected and chosen, shall justly gather and truly distribute the

same charitable Aimes weekly, by themselfes or theyr Assignes, to the sayd poore and impotent psons of the sayd Cyties

Boroughes Townes Corporate and Parishes, without Fraude or Covyn Favour or Affeccion ; and after suche sorte

that the more impotent may have the more Helpe, and suche as can get parte of their Lyving to have the lesse,

and by the discretion of the Collectoures to bee put in suche Laboure as they bee fitt and liable to doo, but none to

go or sitt openly a begging, upon paine limitted in thaforesaid Statutes; And yf the said Maio" Bayliefes Head Officers Penalty on

Parson Vicar Curat and Churchewarden, or any of them, faile in the doing and executing of the Premisses in forme Appointment'+o*

above declared, he or they so making Default to forfeit for every suche Defaulte Fourtye Shillinges, to bee imployed to

thuse of the Poore of that Pishe where he or they doe inhabit, to be levied by the Collectors of the same Pishe, by way

of Distresse or otherwise as ys appointed in this Acte for levieng of like Forfeitures.

And bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That no pson or psons so elected nominated and appointed to bee pfna|tT ^ Gatherer or Gatherers as ys aforesayd, shall refuse the said office, but shall justly and truly execute the same, by the space Collector* refuting of one whole yere next ensuing suche eleccbn ; upon payne to forfeite Tenne Poundes, the one Moietie therof to the YmT^io °"e Churchewardens of the Pishe where he or they shalbee elected Collector, and thother Moietie therof to thuse and relief of the Poore of the said Pishe to be levied by the Churchewardens where they or he dwellethe of the Goodes of the said Gatherer or Gatherers so refusing, by Distresse orels by Actyon of Debt Byll Playnt or Informacon to bee brought or pursued by the sayd Churchwardens of the sayd Pishe wher they shall dwell, in any Court of Recorde, or in the Courte of any Lorde of anoy Manour within the said Parishe where the said Gatherer shalbee chosen ; In whiche Sute no Proteccbn or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed or admitted for the Partie defendant.

IV.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That yf the sayd Churchewardens, or either of them, shall Penalty on* refuse to sue for the sayd Forfayture, or within Twoo Monthes next after the same cause of Forfayture shalbee gyven ^u^nwwfen* shall not sue or take the Remedye for the Recoverye therof, in suche maner and fourme as before in this pnte Acte «uch Defaulters1' ys limitted and appointed, that then the same Churchewardens so making Defaulte of sute, shall for say te and lose Twentye Powndes of laufull Money of Englande j thone Moitie therof to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Playnte or Informacon in any Courte of Recorde, or in the Courte of any Lorde of any Mano' w,hin the pishe where the said Churchewardens shall dwell, and thother Moietie to thuse of the Poore of the said Pishe

In whiche Sute no Essoigne Proteccon or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted for the Partye defendant.

V.

And for the better Executyon of this Acte touchyng the Electyon of the Collectoures for the Poore, Bee it enacted oTthfrf

by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That every Parson Vicar Curate or Minister of every Pishe w'bin this Realme, shall yerely of Election of * for evermore upon the Sunday before Midsomer daye, in the Pulpit, or some other convenient Place in the Churche,

1 So in Original Act: Query, • after See }V. «/ the Act. • Boroughes ami Townes O.

B

412

5° Eliz. c.3.

y4.2>.1562-3.

VI.

Collectors shall account Quarterly, &c. on Pain of Imprisonment.

VII.

Persons refusing to contribute their Alms shall be exhorted, and if they obstinately refuse shall hr bound by the Bishop, &c. to appear at the next General Sessions of Justices, or refusing to be so bound, may be imprisoned.

VIII.

The Sessions may assess such Persons to Relief of the Poor j and on Refusal to pay they may be imprisoned.

gyve knowledg and warning at thende of some of the Morning Service, to the Pishioners then and ther pnt, to prepare themselfes on the Sondaye next after Midsomer Daye then next folloing, to come to the Churche, and there tellect and choose Collectoures and Gatherers for the Poore, according to the Ten0' of this Acte; And yf the Pson Vicar Curate or Minister shall make Defaulte in gyving of the sayd Knowledge, that then he or they so making Defaulte, to forfait and lose fourtye Shillinges, towardes the ReparacSns of the said Churche ; And the Churchewardens of the sayd Pishe to sue and distrene for the same, in suche fourme as before ys appointed for thother Forfeitures.

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the said Gatherers or Collectors for the Poore so to bee chosen as ys aforesaid shall make their just Accompt quarterly to the Mayors or Chiefe Officers of the said Cyties Boroughes and Townes Corporate, and in every Parishe of the sayd Countreye, to the Parson Vicar or Curate and Churchewardens of the Parishe; at wch Accompte suche of the Parishe as will may be pnte ; And when they goe out of their Office they shall delyver or cause to be delyvered foorthwithe upon thende of their Accomptes, all suche Surplusage of Moneye as then shall remayne of their Collection undistributed, to be put in their Comon Chest of the Churche, or in some other safe Place, to thuse of the Poore, at the Oversight and Discretyon of the Mayo' Officers and others before mentioned; And yf the sayd Collectours or any of them doo refuse to make their sayd Accompte w'^in Eight Dayes next after request made to them for the same, then the Bishoppe of the Dyocesse or the Ordynarye of the Place, Chancello" or their Gomissaries, together w,h a Justice of Peace and the Churchewardens of the sayd Pishe, or one of them, shall have aucthorite by vertue of this Acte, upon complaynt to them made, to comit the said pson or psons so refusing to Warde, there to remayn w,kout Baile or Maineprise untill he or they so refusing shall make their sayd Accomptes before suche psons as the sayd Bushop Ordinarye Chancello" or Comissaries & Justice of Peace

shall appomte, and to make imediate Payin' of the Somes wherw"1 by Determinacon of the said Accompt they

shalbe chardged.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons being liable to further this charitable Worck, doo obstinately and frowardly refuse reasonably to give towardes thhelpe and relief of the Poore, or doo wilfully discorage other from so charitable a Dede, the Parson Vicar or Curate and Churchewardens of the Pishe wherin he dwellethe shall then gentelly exhorte him or them towardes the releef of the Poore; and yf he or they will not so bee pswaded, then upon the Certificate of the Parson Vicar or Curat of the Pishe to the Bishoppe of the Dyoces or Ordinarye of the Place, Chauncellors or their Comissaries or Gardyan of the Spualties, the same Bishoppes Ordinarye Chancello" or Comissaries or Gardeyn of the Spiritualties shall sende for him or them, tinduce or psuade him or them by charitable meanes and waies textende their Charitee to the Poore, as in this Acte ys well ment and intended ; And yf the pson or psons so sent for, of his or their frowarde or wiifull minde shall obstinatly refuse to gyve weekly to the releef of the Poore according to his or their habilitees, that then the Bishoppe or Ordinarie of the Dyoces, Chauncellours or their Comissaries, shall have full Power & Aucthoritee by virtue of this Acte, to bynde the saide obstinate and wiifull psons so refusing unto the Quene by Recognisance, in the some of Tenne Powndes,

w'h Condicon therupon to bee indorsed, that the sayd obstinate pson so refusing shall psonallye appere, before the

Justices of Peace of the Countye where the same pson shall then inhabyte and dwell, yf yt bee out of any Citie Borouge or Towne Corporate, and yf yt bee w,hin any Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, then before the Mayours Bailiefes or other Head Officers of every suche Cite Boroughe or Towne Corporate, at the next Generali Sessions to bee holden before the sayd Justices within the saide Countie, or at the next Courte to bee holden before the sayd Maio' Baliefes or other Head Officers wu,in every suche Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, and that the same obstinate pson shall not from thence departe wlhout Lysence, of the said Justices yf he duell out of any Citye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, or of the said Maio' Bayliefes or other Head Officers yf he dwell w'hin any suche Cytie Bourghe or Towne Corporate ; And yf any suche obstinate persone shall refuse to bee bounde as ys aforesayd, that then the said Bishoppe Ordinarie Chauncello' or Comissarie, shall have aucthoritee by this Acte to comitt the sayd obstinatt pson to Pryson, there to remayne witheout Bayle or Maineprise untill the sayd obstynate parson shall become bounde as ys aforesaid.

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesayd, That the sayd Justices or suche of them as shalbee at the said Sessions, or the Maio' Bailiefes or other Head Officers of everye suche Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate, yf the said obstinate pson doo appeare before them, shall charitably and gentelly perswade and move the said obstinate psons textende his or their Charitee towardes the Relief of the Poore of the Pishe where he or she inhabitethe and dwelleth ; and yf he or she shall obstinatly and wilfully stande in the same, and will not bee pswaded therm by the sayd Justices Maio' Bailiefes or other Heade Officers, that then yt shall and may bee laufull to and for the sayd Justices yf yt bee out of any Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate, and yf yt bee w’hin any Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate, for the Maio' Bailiefes or other Head Officers of the same Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate, w,h the Churchewardens wher the sayd obstinate pson shall inhabite, or one of them, to sesse taxe and lymit, upon every suche obstinate pson so refusing, according to their good discretions, what Some the said obstinate pson shall pay weekly towardes the Relief of the Poore wmin the sayd Pishe where he or she shall inhabyte and -dwell; And yf the said pson so sessed and taxed shall refuse to paye the Some that shalbee so reasonablye lymited taxed and appointed, then the said Justices of Peace or twoo of them, wherof thone to be of the Quoru, or the sayd Mayor Bailiefes or other Head Officers of every suche Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate, shall have full Power and Aucthorite by vertue of this Acte, upon Complaynte and Certificate to them by the Collectoures and Churchwardens of the same Pishe wher the sayd obstinate pson shall dwell, to c5mit the said obstinate pson and psons so refusing to pay, to Pryson to the next Gaole, there to remaine w^out Bayle or Maineprise till he or they have payde the sayd Some so appointed taxed and limited, together w,h tharrerages therof, yf any suche shall fortune to bee.

Gou

A.D. 1562-3

5° Eliz. c. 3.

413

I

t

i

I

I

I

I

I

I

1

I

1

I

And for the better mayntenance of this charitable Acte and Worcke, It ys ordeyned and established by thaucthoritee aforesaid, that whereas the late Kinge of famouse Memorie King Henry Theight, his Heires or Successoures, or any other pson or psons, by his or their severall and laufull Erecc&ns and Foundacons, hathe or have ordeyned and appointed any Some or S5mes of Money to thuse of the Poore, or for the repayring or amending of Higheways or Bridges, not being taken away otherwise by Acte of Pliament, whether the same be in any Cathedrall Churche Colledge orelswhere, The Bishoppe of the Diocesse or Chancello' for the tyme being, shall from time to time examyne howe and after what maner the sayd Money ys bestowed, and to call taccompte the pries whiche retayne the said Money, and therupon to take suche Order as the same from thensfoorthe be distributed to the Poore, according to the good Intent and Purpose of the said rtoble King that graunted the same; And yf they shall faile yerely to call taccompt the psons aforesaid, in fourme aforesaid, and after accompt torder the distribudftn of the sayd Money in maner before declared, to forfeit for every suche Default xx ti. to be employed to thuse of the Poore, by thoversight of three Justices of the Peace w'in the said Countie wher the pson that so should account dwellethe, to bee levied by way of Distres or otherwise, as other forfeitures in this Estatute ar appointed to bee levied.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, yf it shall chance any Pishe to have in yt mo poore and impotet folkes, not liable to labo' then the said Pishe ys able to relief, that then in every suche Pishe not standing in any Citie or Towne Corporate, the Pson Vicar or Curate of the said Pishe, and two or three of the cheef Inhabitantes of the same Pishe, and in every Citie and Towne Corporate, the Maior or Cheef Officers of the same Citie or Towne Corporate, and the PSon Vicar or Curate of the said Pishe, (calling to them twoo or three of the cheef Pishoners of the same Pishe suche as the said Maior or Head Officers shall thinck meet,) shall certefie unto the Justices of Peace of the Countie where the same Pishe ys, the nomber and names of the Psons w>h w"' they be surchardged, and upon suche Certificate, the said Justices of the Peace in the same Countie, or twoo of them whereof one to be of the Quorum, shall consider and examine the said Certificat aswell by thothe of those that so certified Inspection of the said poore psons, to be taken and vieued at suche Daye tyme and Place as to them shalbe thought meet, as by all other wayes and meanes ; and finding the same true after suche Othe and Allowance by Inspection, shall then grante unto suche and as many of the said poore folkes as by their discretion they shall thinck good, a sufficient Lisence under the Seale appointed for the Limit, to go abrode to begge get and receyve the charitable Aimes of Thinhabitantes of the Countrey out of the sayd Parishes Cities and Townes so surchardged; In wch Licence Thinfirmitie of the Pson, the Places Townes and Pishes to w* suche poore folkes are by that Licence licenced to resorte, shall in the same Licence be named lymitted and appointed, bee yt one Hundred or mo in the same Countie at the said Discretion of the same Justices j And yf any of the sayd poore folkes so licensed shall transgresse the Lymittes to them appointed, and resorte to begge at other places then ys in the said Lycence named, the ptie so transgressing and offending to be taken for a valiant Begger, and punished according to the Statute made in the sayd xx!)'1 yere of King Henrye Theight, and his or their Licence to be taken from them: And yf the said Justices of the Peace shall faile tappoint a Daye and Tyme for Inspection of the said Poore and Examinacon of the said Certificatours w‘"in One Monethe nexte ensuing the Daye of Receipte of the said Certificat, or shall grant or give Licence to any pson or psons so certified to go abrode and begge, before suche tyme as they shall have viewed and seen the said poore psons and have receyved Othe of the psons that so certified, that the said poore psons for Age Impotencye or Sicknes, in their Consciences and to their Knowledge, are not liable by any Woorck or Labour to earne them necessarye Meate Drinke and Clothe, and the same Deposition put in Writing, subscribed or marked by the psones deposed, to forfeite for every suche Defaulte Tenne Poundes, to be emploied to thuse of the Poore of any Pishe or Pishes w,hin the said Countie where the said Justices dwell, at the Oversight and Appointment of the Bishoppe or his Chauncellour of the same Diocesse, to bee levied in sorte and fourme as other forfeitures in this Statute are appoynted.

And be it further enacted, That where any of the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate or Pishe so chardged, ys scituate and standing in one Countie or twoo Counties of this Realme, or scituate and standing in one and immediatlye adjoyning to another County of this Realme, as the Cytie of Bristoll and the Townes of Ludlow and Stamforde stande; that in those Cities the Parson Vicar and Curate of the said Pishe, and the said Maio' Heade Officers and Inhabitantes of every suche Citie Bourghe Towne Corporate and Pyshe, shall make Certificat unto the Justices of the said Counties adjoyning to the same Cities Bourghes Townes Corporate and Pishes, and the same Justices of the said adjoining Countie or Counties to doo gyve lycence and folowe thorder above remembred, according as other Justices of the Counties in wdl the Pishe surchardged standethe, ys lymitted aund aucthorised to doo.

And bee it also enacted, That in all Cities Bourghes and Townes Corporate w,hin wdl bee dyvers Pishes, the Maio’ and Head Officers of every the same Cities Burghes and Townes Corporate, shall consider the state and abilitie of every suche Pishe ; And yf the same Maio' and Officers shall understande by their discretion that the Pishioners of any one of the sayd Pishes ys of suche wealthe and havor, that they have no povertie amongst them, or be liable sufficiently to relief the povertie of the Pishe where they inhabite and dwell, and also to helpe and succo' povertie elswhere further, that then the said Maio’ and Officers, w,h thassent of twoo of the most honest and substanciall inhabitantes of every such welthye Pishe, shall consider the nedines of thinhabitantes of thother Pishe or Pishes within the same Citie or Towne Corporate, and move induce and psuade the Pishioners of the welthier Pishe charitably to contrybute sumewhat according to theire habilitee towarde the wekely relief succour and consolacon of the poore and nedye within thother Pishe or Pishes aforesayd where nede ys.

And bee it also enacted, That all and every suche poore folkes as by any suche lycence are to bee lycensed and aucthorised to resorte out of the limittes liberties and franchesies of all and every suche Citie Bourghe and Towne Corporate, into any the said Counties, to begg get and gather the charitable almes of good people, shall at all tymes

IX.

Bishops, Sec. shall inquire into Distribution of Sums given by K Hen. VIII. or others for Kclief of the Poori

Penalty jf J0.

A.

When the Poor are too numerous to be relieved by the Parish, they may be licensed by Justices to beg. Sec.

Penalty on Justices for Neglect of Inquiry, kc. j£io.

XI.

Proviso for Licences in Parishes being in Two Counties, kc.

xir.

Parishes in Cities shall contribute to relieve each other.

Licensed Beggars of Cities, See. shall wear Badges.

5 N

414

5° Eliz. c.3, 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

Continuance of Act.

XIV.

Money collected in London shall be

Christ's Hospital.

XV.

Money collected in Coventry shall be applied by Governors of the Hospital there.

XVI. Proviso where Chapels of Ease exist.

XVII. Proviso for Legacies, &c. for the Poor, &c.

when the same gothe abrode to begg, weare openly upon him or them bothe on the brest and the backe of his or their uppermoste garment, some notable badge or token to bee assigned unto him by the Maior or Head Officers of the same Citye Burgh and Towne Corporate or Pishe w,h thassent of the Justices of the Peace that shall grante the same lycence, upon payne to bee taken for a valiant Begger, and to bee punished as afore ys remembred, and shall also carry his lycence wythe hym upon the lyke payne ; this Acte to endure to the latter ende of the first Session of the next Plyament.

Provided alwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthorite atoresayd, That all and every some and somes of Moneye from hensforthe to be collected or gathered w'"in the Citie of London and the Lyberties of the same by vertue of this Acte, shalbee payd over to the Govemours of the Hospitall called the Hospitall of Christes Churche withein the sayd Citie of London for the tyme beyng, and shalbe by them from tyme to tyme distributed and bestowed for the relief of the Poore of the sayd Cyde, accordyng to their wisdome and discressyons; Anny thing in this Acte mendoned to the contrary notwithestanding.

(1) Provided also and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That all and every s5me and somes of Money from hensforthe to be collected or gathered w,hin the Cide of Coventrye and the Liberdes of the same by vertue of this Acte, towardes the mayntenance and relief of the Hospitall of poore people, erected in the said Cide, shalbe payd over to suche Governor or Govemo" of the said Hospitall as nowe ys or hereafter shalbee admitted and appointed by the Maio’ and Aldermen of the said Citie of Coventrye or the more pte of them for the tyme being. And suche Governo' or Govemo" so admitted and appointed as aforesaid, shall from tyme to tyme distribute and bestowe for the relief of thaforesaid Poore w,hin the said Citie, the said some or somes of Money according to their wisedomes and discressions; Anny thing mentioned in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided always and bee it further enacted, That the Curate Minister or Reader, together w,k the Wardens of every Chappell of Ease, and where no Wardens are the Warden or two of the cheifest of thinhabitantes resorting and frequenting the said Chappell of Ease for hering Dyvine Service, the same inhabitantes to be nominated and chosen by the same Curate Minister or Reader, and also the Collectoures and all and every other pson and psons to whom in this behalf yt shall appertayne by force of this Estatute, shall doo execute pfourme and be liable to all and every suche Ordinance Clause Article Sentence and Penalties specified and conteyned in this pnte Acte, for and towardes the relief of the Poore, in like maner and fourme as the Vicar Curate Churchwardens and Collecto" of every Parishe Churche shall may or ought to doo by force of this Acte, according to the purporte and true meaning of the same, and not be compellable to come or resorte to their Pishe Churche for the same onely purpose or intent; Anny thing in this Acte before specyfied to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not in any wise extende or be prejudicial! to any gyfte legacie conveyance or assignement of any maner of landes or other profit, heretofore gyven assigned or bequeathed to the relyef of the Poore, Reparation of Highe Waies or Bridges upon any maner of condic&n; but that the same shall be employed converted bestowed and accompted for in suche maner and forme and upon suche condicon as the same laufully was or ought to bee before the making of this Acte.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte towching dyvers Orders for Artificers Laborers Servantes of Husbandrye and Apprentises.

Insufficiency of existing Laws as to Hiring; and Wages of Servants, Artificers, Apprentices, &c.

ALTHOUGHE there remayne and stande in force pntly a greate nomber of Actes and Statutes concerning the retevning departing wages and orders of Apprentices Servantes and Labourers, aswell in Husbandrye as in divers other Artes Misteries and occupations, yet ptly for thimperfeccon and contrarietie that ys founde and doo appeare in sundrye of the sayd Lawes, and for the varyetie and nomber of them, and cheifly for that the wages and allouances lymytted and rated in many of the sayd Statutes, are in dyvers places to small and not answerable to this tyme, respecting thadvancement of Pryses of all thinges belonging to the said Servantes and Labourers, the said Lawes cannot conveniently wlllout the greate greefe and burden of the poore Labourer and hired man, bee put in good and due execution: And as the sayd severall Actes and Statutes were at the time of the making of them thought to be very good and beneficiall for the CSmon wealthe of this Realme as dyvers of them yet are, So yf the substance of as many of the said Lawes as are meet to bee continued shalbe digested and reduced into one sole Lawe and Statute, & in the same an uniforme Order prescrybed and lymitted concerning the Wages and other Orders for Apprentises Servauntes and Laborers, there ys good hope that yt will come to passe that the same Lawe, beyng duly executed, should banishe Idlenes advance Husbandrye and yeelde unto the hired pson bothe in the tyme of scarsitee and in the tyme of plentye a convenient proportion of Wages: Bee it therfore enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament,

1 The Three following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Three separate Schedules.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 4.

415

That asmuche of the Estatutes heretofore made, and every branche of them as touche or conceme the hiring keping departing woorcking wages or order of Servantes Woorckmen Artificers Apprentyses and Labourers or any of them, and the Penalties and Forfeytures concerning the same, shalbe from and after the last daye of September next ensuing repealed and utterly voide and of none effect; And that all the said Statutes and every branch therof for any Matter conteined in them and not repealed by this Statute, shall remaine and bee in full force and effecte, Any thing in this Statute to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no maner of pson or psons after the foresaid last daye of September nowe next ensuing, shall reteyne hire or take into service, or cause to bee retayned hired or taken into service, nor any pson shalbee retayned (1) hired or taken into service, by any meanes or colour, to woorcke for any lesse tyme or terme then for one hole yere, in any of the Scyences Craftes Mysteries or Artes of Clothiers Wollen Clothe Weavers Tuckers Fullers Clothewoorkers Sheremen Dyers Hosyers Taylours Shoomakers Tanners Pewterers Bakers Bruers Gloovers Cutlers Smithes Farrours Curryers Sadlers Spurryers Turners Cappers Hatmakers or Feltemakers Bowyers Fletchers Arrowheadmakers Butchers Cookes or Myllers.

And bee yt further enacted, That every pson being unmarried, and every other pson being under thage of thirty yeres that after the Feast of Easter next shall marrye, and having been brought up in any of the said Artes Craftes or Sciences, or that hathe used or exercised any of them by the space of three yeres or more, and not having Landes Tenementes Rentes or Hereditamentes Copieholde or Freeholde of an Estate of Inheritance or for terme of any Lief or Lyves of the dere yerely value of fourtye shillinges, nor being worthe of his owne Goodes the clere value of tcnne poundes, and so allowed by twoo Justices of the Peace of the Countie where he hathe most comonly inhabited by the space of one whole yere and under their Handes and Seales, or by the Maior or other Head Officer of the Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate wher suche pson hathe most cdmonly dwelled by the space of one whole yere, and twoo Aldermen, or two other discrete Burgesses of the same Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate yf ther bee no Aldermen, under their Handes and Seales, not being reteyned withe any pson in Husbandrye or in any of thaforesayd Artes and Scyences according to this Statute, nor laufully reteyned in any other Arte or Science, nor being laufully reteyned in Housholde or in any Office w,h annye Nobleman Gentleman or others, according to the Lawes of this Realme, nor having a convenient Ferme or other holding in Tillage whereupon he maye employ his Laboure, shall, (during the time that he or they shall so be unmarried or under the said Age of xxx'y yeres, upon request made by any pson using the Arte or Mystery wherin the said pson so requyred hathe been exercised as ys aforesayd,) bee reteyned and shall not refuse to serve according to the tenour of this Statute, upon the paine and penaltie hereafter mentyoned.

And bee it further enacted, That no pson wrh shall retayne any Servante shall put away his or her sayd Servant, and that no pson reteyned according to this Statute shall departe from his Mr M'* or Dame before thende of his or her terme, upon the payne hereafter mentioned, unlesse yt be for some reasonable and sufficient cause or matter to bee allowed before twoo Justices of Peace or one at the least w"‘in the said Countie, or before the [ Maio'1 ] or other Chief Officer of the Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate wherin the said Mr M" or Dame inhabitethe to whom any of the pries greyed shall complayne; wch said Justices or Justice Maio' or Chief Officer shall have and take upon them or him the hearing and ordring of the matter [ betwene1 ] the said Mr M" or Dame and Servante, according to thequite of the cause: And that no suche Mr M" or Dame shall put awaye any suche Servante at thende of his terme or that any suche Servante shall departe from his said M' M" or Dame at thende of his terme without one quarter warning gyven before thende of his sayd terme, eyther by the said Master Mastres or Dame or Serv'nte the one to the other, upon the payne hereafter ensuing.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That every pson betwen thage of Twelve yeres and the age of Threeskore yeres, not being laufully reteyned, nor Apprentice w'h any Fisherman or Maryner haunting the Seas, nor being in Service w,h any Kyddyer or Carryo' of any Corne Grayne or Meale for Provision of the Citie of London, nor withe any Husbondman in Husbandrie, nor in any Citie Towne Corporate or Market Towne, in any of Thartes or Sciences lymitted or appointed by this Estatute to have or take Apprentises, nor being reteyned by the yere or half the yere at the least, for the digging seking finding getting melting fining woorking tryeng making of any Sylver Tynne Leade Iron Copper Stone Sea Cole Stone Cole Moore Cole or Cherk Cole, nor being occupied in or aboute the making of any Glasse, nor being a Gentleman borne, nor being a Student or Scoler in any of the Universitees, or in any Scoole, nor having Landes Tents Rentes or Hereditamentes (4) of the clere yerely value of fourtye shillinges, for terme of Lyes or of one Estate of Inheritance, nor being woorthe in Goodes and Cattelles to the value of Tenne poundes, nor having a Father or Mother then lyving, or other Auncestour whose Heire Apparant he ys, then having Landes Tents or Hereditamentes of the yerely value of Tenne poundes or above, or Goodes or Cartels of the value of Fourtye poundes, nor being a necessarye or convenient Officer or Servant laufully reteyned as ys aforesayd, nor having a convenient Ferme or Holding wherupon he may or shall employe his Labour, nor being otherwise laufully reteyned according to the true meaning of this Statute, shall after the foresaid last daye of September now next ensuing, by virtue of this Estatute be compelled to be reteyned to serve in Husbandrye by the yere, withe any pson that keepethe Husbandrye, and will require any suche pson so to serve within the same Shire wher he shalbee so requyred.

Such Laws repealed «o far at relate! to •uch Hiring, Wagei, Stc. '

II.

Servant! in certain Employment!, Trade!, tic. shall be hired by the Year.

in.

Periom unmarried, Stc. not having 401. per Annum, Sec. nor being otherwise employed, shall be compellable to lerve ai yearly Servant! in the several Art! in which they were brought up.

IV.

Such yearly Servants shall not be dismissed, nor depart during the Year, unless on Cause allowed by Tiro Justices; nor at the End of the Year, without a Quarter's Warning.

V.

All Persons between the Ages of I. and 60, not being otherwise employed, &c. declared com-pellable to be yearly Servants in Husbandry.

* Mayo's 0. betwixte O.

* lor terme of lyfe or of one Estate of Inheritaunce 0.

416

5° Eliz. c. 4.

A.D. 15 62-3.

VI.

Penalty on Masteri unduly dismining .Servant! within the Year, &c. 40s.

Servant! unduly departing from Service, or refuting to serve, shall be imprisoned until they undertake to complete their Service.

VII. Servants shall not leave the City, Parish, &c. of their Service, without Testimonial of Licence so to do

Form thereof.

VIII.

Penalty on Servant not producing such Testimonial, Imprisonment, &c. on Master retaining him, a£j.

Counterfeit

Testimonials.

Hours of working of Artificers and Labourers, hired by Day or Week.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament, That yf any pson after he hathe reteyned any Servaunt shall put away the same Servant before thende of his Terme, onles yt bee for some reasonable and sufficient Cause to be allowed as ys aforesaid, or yf any suche M' M" or Dame shall put away any suche Servant at thende of his terme, w"out one quarters warning gyven before the sayd ende as ys above remembred, that then every suche Mr M'* or Dame so offending, onles he or they be liable to prove by twoo sufficient Witnesses suche reasonable and

sufficient Cause of putting away of their Servaunt or Servauntes during their Terme, or a Quarters warning gyven

afore thende of the said Terme as ys aforesaid, before the Justices of Oyer and Terminer Justices of Assise Justices of the Peace in the Quarter Sessions, or before the Maio’ or other Head Officer of any Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate and twoo Aldermen, or two other discriete Burgesses of the same Citie Bourghe or Towne Corporate if there be no Aldermen, or before the Lorde President and Councell established in the Marches of Wales, or before the Lorde President and Councell for the tyme being established in the Northeparties, shall forfeite the Some of Fourtye Shilling? ; And yf any Servant reteyned according to the fourme of this Estatute depte from his M' M" or Dames Service before thende of his terme, onles yt bee for some reasonable and sufficient Cause to be alowed as ys aforesaid. Or yf any Servant at thende of his terme depte from his said M' M" or Dames Service w^out one Quarters warning gyven before thende of his sayd terme in forme aforesaid, and before twoo lawfull Witnesses, Or yf any pson or psones compellable and bounden to be reteyned and to serve in Husbandrye, or in any other the Artes Sciences or Misteries above remembred, by the yere or otherwise, doo upon request made refuse to serve for the Wages that

shalbe limited rated and appointed according to the fourme of this Statute, or Promise or Covenant to serve, and doo

not serve according to the teno' of the same, that then every Servaunt so departing awaye, and every pson so refusing to serve for suche Wages, upon Complaynt therof made by the Mr M" or Dame of the said Servaunt, or by the Ptie to or w,h whom the sayd Refusall ys made or Promise not kept, to twoo Justices of the Peace of the Countye, or to the Maio' or other Head Officer of the Citie Burghe Towne Corporate and twoo Aldermen, or twoo other discrete Burgesses of the same Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate yf ther bee no Aldermen, wher the said M' M" or Dame or the said ptie to or w,h whom the said Refusall ys made and Promise not kept dwellethe, or to either of the said Lordes Presidentes and Councell of Wales and the Northe, The said Justices Lordes Presidentes and Councelles, and also the sayd Maiors or other Head Officers and other psons of Cities Burghes or Townes Corporate or any of them as ys aforesaid, shall have Powre by force of this Statute to heare and examyne the Matter, and finding the said Servaunt or the said Ptie so refusing faultie in the Premisses, upon suche Proofes and good Matter as to their discretions shalbe thought sufficient, to comit him or them to Warde, ther to remayne w^out Baile or Mainprise untill the said Servant or Ptie so offending shalbe bounde to the Partie to whom thoffence shalbe made, to serve and continue wu' him for the Wages that then shalbe lymitted and appointed, according to the teno' and forme of this Estatute, and to be dischardged upon his Delyverye w^out payeng any Fee to the Gaylo' where he or they shalbe so imprisoned.

And bee yt likewise enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That none of the said reteyned psons in Husbandrye or in any the Artes or Sciences above remembred, after the tyme of his Reteyno' expired, shall departe foorthe of one Cytye Towne or Pishe to another, nor out of the Lathe Rape Wapentake or Hundred, nor out of the Countie or Shire where hee last served, to serve in any other Citie Towne Corporate Lathe Rape Wapentake Hundred Shiere or Countie, onles he have a Testimoniall under the Seale of the said Citie or Towne Corporate, or of the Constable or Constables or other Head Officer or Officers and of two other honest Housholders of the Citie Towne or Pishe where he last served, declaring his laufull departure, and the Name of the Shiere and Place where he dwelled last before his depture, according to the Forme hereafter expressed in this Acte ; Whiche Certificat or Testimoniall shalbe written & delivered unto the said servaunte and also registred by the Pson Vicar or Curate of the Pishe where suche M' M" or Dame dothe or shall dwell, taking for the doing therof two pens and not above, and the Forme therof shalbee as folowethe: Memorand, That A. B. late servaunte to C.D. of E. Husbondman, or Taylo', &c. in the Countie, &c. ys lycensed to depte from his sayd M', and is at his lybertie to serve elswhere, according to the Statute in that cace made and provided : In witnes wherof, &c. Dated the daye monethe yere and place, &c. of the making therof.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons that shall departe out of Service shalbe reteyned or accepted into any other Service, w^out shewing before his Reteyno' suche Testimoniall as is above remembred, to the Chief Officer of the Towne Corporate, and in every other Towne and Place to the Cunstable Curate Churchewarden or other Head Officer of the same where he shalbee reteyned to serve; upon the payne that every suche servante so departing wlhout such Certificate or Testimoniall shalbee imprysoned untill he procure a Testimoniall or Certificate, the whiche yf hee cannot doo w"'in the space of xxj dayes next after the first daye of his imprysonment, then the sayd pson to be whipped and used as a Vagabonde according to the Lawes in suche Cases provided; and that every pson reteyning any suche servaunte w,hout shewing suche Testimonyall or Certificate as ys aforesaid, shall forfiaite for every suche Offence fyve powndes: And yf any suche pson shalbe taken withe any count refaite or forged Testimoniall, then to bee whipped as a Vagabounde.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That all Artificers and Labourers being hired for Wages by the Daye or Week shall betwext the myddest of the Monethes of Marche and September, bee and continue at theyr Woorck at or before five of the Clock in the Morning, and contynue at Woorck and not departe untyll betwext seven and eight of the Clocke at Night, Eccept yt bee in the tyme of Breakefast Dynner or Drincking, the wch tymes at the most shall not exceede above two howres and a half in the daye, That ys to saye, at every Drincking one half houre, for his Dynner one houre, and for his Sleape when hee is allowed to sleape, the wc)> is from the midst of May

A.D. 15 62-3.

5° Eliz. c. 4.

417

»/

*U.

> iM * f*s

*i»i

=<V

*! •k. It Pnafe *T*

rads*

I*

am

Be*

acki

k£»

it*

at*

giii

in

ae

ia

to

rfSn

»•*

*fe

is*

1;*" ^ if

to the mydst of August, half an houre at the most, and at every Breakefast one halfe houre; And all the said Artificers and Labourers, betwen the midst of September and the mydst of Marche, shalbe and continue at their Woorck from the Spring of the Day in the Morning untill the Night of the same Daye, except yt be in tyme afore appointed for Breakefast and Dynner, upon paine to lose and forfayte one peny for everye houres absence, to bee deducted and [defaulked * ] out of his Wages that shall so offende.

And bee yt also enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That every Artificer and Labourer, that shalbee laufullye reteyned in or for the building or repayring of any Churche House Shippe Mylne or every other peece of Woorck taken in greate in taske or in grosse, or that shall hereafter take upon him to make or finishe any suche Thing or Woorck, shall contynue and not departe from the same, onles yt be for not payeng of his Wagys or Hyre agreed on, or otherwise laufully taken or appoynted to serve the Quenes Ma,ie her Heires or Successoures, or for other laufull cause, or w^out Licence of the Mr or Owner of the Woorck or of him that hathe the Chardge therof, before the finishing of the said Woorck, upon payne of Imprysonement by one monethe w^out Baile or Mayneprise, and the forfeiture of the some of fyve powndes to the ptie from whom he shall so departe; for the w'1' the sayd ptie may have his Action of Debt against him that shall so depte, in any of the Quenes Ma1" Courtes of Recorde, over and besides such ordinarye Costes and Damages as may or ought to be recovered by the Comen Lawes for or concerning any suche Offence, in whiche Action no Proteccon Wager of Lawe or Essoigne shalbe admitted : And that [none * ] other Artificer or Laborer reteyned in any service to woorck w‘h the Quenes Ma‘* or any other pson, depte (1) from her said Mau* or from the said other pson, untill suche tyme as the Woorck bee finished, yf the pson so reteyning the Artificer or Labourer so long will have him and paye him his Wagis or other Duties, upon payne of Imprysonement of every psone so depting by the space of one monethe.

And for the declarac&n and lymitac&n what Wages Servantes Laborers and Artyficers either by the yere or daye or otherwise shall have and receyve; Bee it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That the Justices of Peace of every Shire Riding and Lybertie wtuin the lymittes of their severall Comissions or the more pte of them, being then resiant w'hin the same, and the Shires of that Countie yf he conveniently maye, and every Mayour Bailef or other Head Officer w'hin any Citie or Towne Corporate wherin ys any Jusrice of Peace wu,in the lymittes of the said Cirie or Towne Corporate and of the said Corporation, shall before the tenthe day of June next coming, and afterwarde shall yerely at every Generali Sessions first to be holden and kept after Easter, or at some time convenient wthin syxe weekes next following every of the said Feastes of Easter, assemble themselves together, and they so assembled calling unto them suche discrete and grave psons of the said Countie or of the said Citie or Towne Corporate as they shall thinck meete, and conferring together respecting the Plentie or Scarcide of the tyme, and other circumstances necessarie to be considered, shall have aucthoritee by vertue heros, w'in the Limittes and Precinctes of their severall Cdmissions to limitt rate and appointe the Wages aswell of suche and so many of the said Artificers Handycraftesmen Husbondmen or any other Labourer Serv*nte or Woorckmen whos Wages in time past hathe been by any Lawe or Statute rated and appointed, as also the Wages of all other Labourers Artificers Woorckmen or Apprentices of Husbandrye w1* have not bene rated, as they the same Justices Maiors or Head Officers w"‘in their severall Comissions or Liberties shall think meete by their discretions to bee rated lymitted or appointed by the Yere or by the Daye Week Monethe or otherwise, with Meate and Drinck or w,hout Meate and Drinck; and what Wages every Woorckman or Labourer shall take by the greate for mowing reaping or threshing of Come and Grayne, and for mowing or making of Heye, or for ditching paling railing or hedging by the Rodd Perche Lugg Yard Pole Rope or Foote, and for any other kynde of reasonable Laboures or Service; and shall yerely before the twelfthe daye of Julye next after the said Assessem' and Rates so appointed and made, certefie the same ingrosed in Pchement, w'h the Considerations and Cawses therof, under their Handes and Seales into the Quenes most Honorable Courte of Chancerie, wherupon it shalbe laufull to the Lorde Chauncellour of Englande [of* ] Lorde Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, upon declaration therof to the Quenes Ma"' her Heires or Successoures, or to the Lordes and others of the Pryvie Councell for the time being attendant upon their psons, to cause to be printed and sent downe before the first daye of September next after the said Certificate into every Countye to the Sheryf and Justices of Peace there, and to the said Maior Bailiefes and Head Officers, Tenne or Twelve Proclamac&ns or more, conteyning in every of them the severall Rates appoynted by the said Justices and other Head Officers as ys aforesaid, w"* comaundement by the said Proclamations to all psons, in the name of the Quenes Mall' her Heires or Successoures, straightly tobserve the same, and to all Justices Sherifes and other Officers to see the same dulye and severely observed, upon the daunger of the Punishement and Forfeitures lymitted and appointed by this Estatute: Upon receipte wherof the said Shirefes Justices of Peace and the Maio' and Head Officer in every Citie or Towne Corporate, shall cause the same Proclamation to bee entredd of Recorde by the Clarcke of the Peace or by the Clarcke of the Citie or Toune Corporate, and the said Shirifes Justices and other the said Maio' and Head Officers shall foorthewithe in open Markettes upon the Market Daves before Mighelmas then ensuing, cause the same Proclamation to be proclamed in every Citie or Market Towne w^in the Lymittes of their Commission, and the same Proclamation to be fixed in some convenient Place of the said Citie and Towne, or in suche of the most occupied Market Townes as to the said Shriefes Justices of Peace, and to the said Maio' and Head Officers shalbe thought meete: And yf the said Shriefes Justices of Peace or the Maio' and Head Officers shall at their said generall Sessions, or at any tyme after, w^in Syxe Weekes then following, upon their

X.

Penalty on Artificer* and Labourer* leaving their Work unfinished.

One Month’* Imprisonment and Fine.

XI.

Rate* of Wage* of Artificers, Husbandmen, Labourers and Workmen, shall be ascertained yearly by Justices See. in Sessions, and certified into Chancery, and approved by the l'rivy Council, and be proclaimed by the Sheriff*, Ike.

Such Rate* may be continued or altered at requisite.

1 defalted 0.

* no 0.

> not 0.

Voi., IV.

5 O

418

5° Eliz. c. 4.

A.D. 1562-3.

XII. Penalty on Justicet, &:c. absent from Sessions for rating Wages, j£'jo.

XIII. Penalty on giving or receivingliigber Wages than so rated

On the Giver,

Ten Days' Imprisonment and a£J ; on the Receiver, Twenty-one Days' Imprisonment.

All such Contracts declared void.

XIV. Penalty on Servants or Workmen assaulting their Master, &c.

One Year’s Imprisonment, &c.

XV. Artificers, &c. compellable to work in Harvest, or to be put in the Stocks.

Assembly and Conference togither, thinck yt convenient to retayne and kepe for the Yere then to come the Rates and Proportion of Wages that they certefied the Yere before, or to chaunge or refourme them, or some parte of them, then they shall before the said twelf day of Julye yerely, certefie into the sayd Courte of Chauncerye their Resoluc&ns and Determinacons therin, to the intent that Proclamac&ns may accordingly bee renued and sent downe; And if yt shall happen that ther bee no neede of any Reformac&n or Alterac&n of the Rates of the said Wages, but that the former shalbe thought meete to bee continued, then the Proclamac&ns for the Yere past shall remayne in force, untill newe Proclamac&ns upon newe Rates concerning the said Wages shalbee sent downe, according to the fourme of this Estatute.

And bee it further enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That yf all the said Justices of Peace resiant wu,in the Counties where they are or shalbe Justices of Peace Mayors and Head Officers, doo not before the tenthe daye of June next coming, and afterwarde yerely, appeare and assemble at the sayd generall Sessyons, or w"'in Syxe Weekes next after the said generall Sessions, and lymitt and rate the Wages of the said Servantes and Labourers, or shall not consider whether the former Rates made be meete to be continued or to bee altered and reformed in maner & forme aforesaid, or bee negligent or remisse in the Certificat therof in forme above writton, that then every Justice of Peace of the Countye, and every Mayo' and Heade Officer of the Citie or Towne Corporate in whom any suche Defaulte or Negligence shalbe founde, being w"'in the said Countie Citie or Towne Corporate at the tyme of the said next Assemblye, or at the tyme of the said Sessions, or at the tymes of the said Rates of Wages to bee set w^in Syxe Weekes next after every suche Sessions, and not visited withe any suche Sicknes as he coulde not traveelye thither w^out pill and daunger of his Lyes, or not having any other lawfull and good excuse, to bee allowed by the Justices then assembled for the rating and taxing of Wags as ys aforesaid or by the more parte of them, upon a corporall Othe and Affidavet to bee taken and made openly before the said Justices upon the Holy Evangelistes, by some credible pson assessed and taxed in the Booke of Subsidie of that Countie to the clere value of Fyve Poundes at the least, or by suche other pson as the most part of suche Justices shall allow and accept to take suche Othe, shall for suche Defaulte or Negligence forfeite unto the Quenes Ma"% her Heires and Successours, Tenne Pounds of laufull Moneye of England.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any pson after the sayd Proclamac&n shalbee so sent downe and published, shall by any secret Wayes or Meanes directly or indirectly reteyne or kepe any Servante Woorckman or Laborer, or shall gyve any more or greater Wages or other Comoditie contrary to the true Intent and Purporte of this Estatute, or contrarye to the Rates and Wages that shalbee assessed or appointed in the said Proclamac&ns, that then every pson that shall so offende and be therof laufully convicted before any the Justices or other Head Officers above remembred, or either of the sayd Presidentes and Councells, shall suffer Imprysonement by the space of Tenne Dayes, wlhout Bayle or Maynprise, and shall lose and forfeite Fyve Powndes of lawfull Moneye of Englande ; And that every pson that shalbe so reteyned and take Wagis, contrary to this Estatute or any Branche therof or of the sayd Proclamation, and shalbe therof convicted before the Justices aforesaid or any twoo of them, or before the Maio' or other Head Officers aforesaid, shall suffer Imprysonem' by the Space of xxj Days, w'out Baile or Mainprise j And that every Reteyner Promise Gifte or Paiment of Wagis or other Thing whatsoever, contrary to the meaning of this Estatute, and every Writing and Bonde to bee made for that Purpose shalbe utterly voide and of none effecte.

And be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any Servaunte Woorckman or Laborer shall wilfiillye or maliciously make any Assaulte or Affray upon his Mr M" or Dame, or upon any other that shall at the time of suche Assaulte or Fraye have the chardge or oversight of any suche Servante Woorkcman or Laborer, or of the Woorck wherin the said Servante Woorckman or Labourer ys appointed or hired to woorcke, and being therof convicted before any twoo of the Justices Maior or Head Officer aforesayd where the said Offence ys comitted, or before eyther of the said Lordes Presidentes & Councell before remebred, by confession of the said Servante Woorckman or Laborer, or by the Testimonye Witnes & Othe of two honest men. That then everye suche Offendo' shall suffer Imprisonement by the space of one whole yere or les, by the discression of twoo Justices of Peace if it bee w"out a Towne Corporate, and yf it be w,hin a Towne Corporate then by the discression of the Maio' or Head Officer of the same Towne Corporate w1" two others of the discretest psons of the same Corporac&n at the least: And if thoffence shall require further Punishement, then to receive suche other open Punishement, so as yt extende not to lief nor lyme, as the Justices of Peace in Open Sessions or the more pte of them, or the said Maio' or Head Officer and syxe

or foure at the least of the discreetest psons of the same Corporac&n, before whom thoffence shalbee examyned, shall

thinck convenient for the qualitie of the said Offence so done and comitted.

Provided always and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That in the time of Hey or Come Harvest, the Justices of Peace and every of them, and also the Cunstable or other Head Officer of every Towneshipe, upon request and for thavoyding of the los of any Come Grayne or Heye, shall and may cause all suche Artificers and psons as

be meete to labour, by the discretions of the said Justices or Cunstables or other Head Officers or by any of them,

to serve by the daye for the mowing reaping shearing getting or inning of Come Grayne and Heye, according to the skill and qualite of the pson; and that none of the said psons shall refuse so to doo, upon payne to suffer Imprisonement in the Stockes by the space of twoo dayes and one night: And the Cunstable of the l’owne or other Head Officer of the same wher the said refusall shalbe made, upon Complaint to him made, shall have aucthorite by vertue hereof, to set the said Offender in the Stockes for the time aforesaid, and shall punishe him accordingly, upon payne to lose and forfeite for not doing therof, the some of fourty shillinges.

G<x >sle

.mwi Ufiuumit tfi

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 4.

419

Provided also, That all psons of the Counties wher they have accustomed to goe into other Shires for Harvest worck, and having at that tyme no Harvest worck sufficient in the same Towne nor Countie wher he or they dwelt in the Winter then laste paste, bringing w,h him or them a testimoniall under the Hande and Seale of one Justice of the Peace of the Shire, or other Heade Officer of the Towne or Place that hee or they come from, testifieng the same, for the w*" he shall pay not above one penye, (other then suche psons as shall be reteyned in service according to the fourme of this Estatute,) may repaire and resorte in Harvest of Hey or Come, from the Countreies wherin their dwelling Places are into any other Place or Countie, for the onely mowyng reaping and getting of Heye Come and Grayne, and for thonely woorcking of Harvest woorckes, as they might have doone before the making of this Estatute •, Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That twoo Justices of Peace the Maio' or other Head Officer of any Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate and twoo Aldermen, or two other discrete Burgesses of the same Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate yf ther be no Aldermen, shall and may by vertue hereof appoint any suche Woman as is of thage of twelfe yeres and under thage of fourtye yeres and unmarried and foorthe of service, as they shall thinck meete to fve, to be reteyned or serve by the yere or by the weeke or daye, for suche Wages and in suche reasonable sorte and maner as they shall thinck meete: And yf any suche Woman shall refuse so to serve, then yt shalbe laufull for the said Justices of Peace Maior or Head Officers to comit suche Woman to warde untill she shalbe bounden to serve as aforesaid.

And for the better advauncement of Husbandrye and Tillage, and to thintent that suche as are fit to be made Apprentice to Husbandry may be bounden thereonto, Bee it enacted by thaucthorite of this pntc Pliant', That

every pson, beyng an Husholder and having and using half a Ploughe Lande at the least in Tillage, inaye have

and receive as an Apprentice any pson above thage of tenne yeres and under thage of eightene yeres to serve in Husbandrye untill his Age of one and twentye yeres at the least, or until thage of foure and twentye yeres as the pties can agree, and the said reteynour and taking of an Apprentice to be made and done by Indenture.

And bee it further enacted, That every pson being an Housholder and foure and twentye yeres olde at the least, dwelling or inhabiting or whiche shall dwell and inhabite in any Citie or Towne Corporate, and using and exercising any Arte Misterye or Manuell Occupation there, shall and may after the Feast of S' John Baptist next coming, during the time that he shall so dwell or inhabite in any suche Citie or Towne Corporate and use and exercise any suche Mistery Arte or Manuell Occupac&n, have and reteyne the sonne of any Freeman not occupieng Husbandrye nor being a labourer, and inhabiting in the same or in any other Citie or Towne that nowe ys or hereafter shalbe and contynue incorporate, to serve and bee bounde as an Apprentice after the Custome and Order of the Citie of London for seven yeres at the least, so as the tearme and yeares of suche Apprentise doo not expyre or determyne afore

such Apprentice shalbee of thage of foure and twentye yeres at the least.

Provided alwaies and bee yt enacted, That yt shall not be laufull to any pson dwelling in any Citie or Towne Corporate using or exercising any of the Misteries or Craftes of a Marchante traffequing by Traficque or Trade into any ptes beyonde the Sea, Mercer Draper Goldesmithe Ironmonger Inbroderer or Clothyer that dothe or shall put Clothe to making and sale, to take any Apprentice or Servante to be enstructed or tought in any of the Artes Occupac6ns Craftes or Misteries w® they or any of them doo use or exercise. Except suche Servante or Apprentice bee his Sonne, orels that the Father or Mother of suche Apprentice or Servante shall have, at the tyme of taking of suche Apprentise or Servant, Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes of the clere yerely value of fourty shillinges of one Estate of Inheritance or Freholde at the least, to bee certefied under Thandes and Seales of thre Justices of the Peace of the Shires or Shire wher the said Landes Teiites or other Hereditamentes doo or shall lye, to the Maio' Bailief or other Head Officers of suche Citie or Towne Corporate, and to be enrolled among the Recordes there.

And bee It further enacted, That from and after the said Feast of S* John the Baptist nexte, yt shalbe laufull to every pson being an Housholder and xxiiij yeres olde at the least, and not occupieng Husbandrye, nor being a laborer dwelling or inhabiting or that shall hereafter dwell or inhabite in any Towne not being incorporate, that nowe ys or hereafter shall bee a Market Towne, so long as the same shalbee weekly used and kepte as a Market Towne, and using or exercising anny Arte Misterye or Manuell Occupacon, during the tyme of his aboade ther and so using and exercising suche Arte Misterie or Manuell Occupacon as aforesaid, to have in like maner to Apprentice or Apprentices, the Childe or Children of any other Artificer or Artificers not occupieng Husbandrye nor being a laborer, whiche nowe doo or hereafter shall inhabite or dwell in the same or in any other suche Market Towne within the same Shire, to serve as Apprentice or Apprentices as ys aforesaid, to any suche Arte Misterye or Manuell Occupacon as hathe been usually exercysed in any suche Market Towne wher suche Apprentice shalbee bounde in maner and forme abovesayd.

Provided always and bee yt enacted, That it shall not bee lawfull to any pson dwelling or inhabiting in annye suche Market Towne, using or exercising the Feate Misterye or Arte of a Marchant trafficquing or trading into the pties beyonde the Seas, Mercer Draper Goldsmithe Ironmonger Imbrotherer or Clothyar that dothe or shall put Clothe to making and sale, to take any Apprentice or in any wise to teache or instructe any psone in the Artes Scyences or Misteries last before recited, after the Feast of S' John Baptist aforesayd. Except suche Servante or Apprentice shalbee his Sonne, orels that the Father or Mother of suche Apprentice shall have Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes at the tyme of taking of suche Apprentice of the clere yerely value of three powndes of one Estate of Inheritance or Freeholde at the least, to bee certefied under Thandes and Seales of three Justices of the Peace of the Shire or

XVI. Proviso for Perron* going to Harvesting into other Counties.

XVII. Women unmarried between I > and 40, compellable to serve by the Year, Week, or Day.

XVIII. Apprentice* in Husbandry.

XIX. Houieholder* in Cities may take Apprentice* in Trades, &c. for Seven Year*.

XX.

Merchants, Sec. may not take any Apprentices, except their Son*, unle»« their Parents have 40*. of Freehold per Ann.

XXI. Persons in Market Towns may take Two Apprentices, Children of Artificers, Jrc.

XXII. Merchants, ice. in Market Towns shall not take any A pprentices, other than Children of Persons having ^3 per Annum Freehold.

420

5° Eliz. c.4.

A.D. 1562-3.

XXIII.

Certain Tradesmen may take Apprentices, Children whose Parents hare no Lands.

XXIV.

None shall use any Art, Mistery, or Manual Occupation now in Use, unless he hath been Apprentice thereto for Seven Years:

Penalty 40s. per Month.

XXV. Woollen Cloth Weavers, except in Cities, &c. shall not take any Apprentices, other than Children of Persons having Freehold of jt$ per Annum.

XXVI.

One Journeyman shall be kept for Three Apprentices, &c. in certain Trades.

XXVII.

Proviso for Worsted Makers, &c. in Norwich.

XXVIII. Persons refusing to become Apprentices may be imprisoned until they comply.

Justices or Peace, &c. may settle Disputes between Masters and Apprentices, as to Mis-usage or Neglect of Duty,

Shires wher the said Landes Tenementes and other Hereditamentes doo or shall lye, to the Head Officers or Head Officer of suche Market Towne wher suche Apprentice or Servant shalbe taken, there to bee enrolled by suche Head Officer, alwayes to remayne of Recorde.

And bee vt further enacted, That from and after the said Feast yt shalbe laufull to any psone using or exercising Tharte or Occupation of a Smithe Whelewright Plowghwright Myllwright Carpenter Roughe Mason Playsterer Sawyer Lymebumer Brickmaker Bricklayer Tyler Slater Healyer Tilemaker Lynnen weaver Turner Cowper Millers Earthen potters Wollen weaver weaving Houswiefes or Housholde Clothe onely and none other, Clothe Fuller otherwise called Tucker or Walker Burner of Oore and Woade Ashes Thatcher or Shingler, wheresoever he or they shall dwell or inhabite, to have or receive the Sonne of any pson as Apprentice, in maner and fourme aforesaid to be taught and instructed in these Occupac&ns onely and in none other, albeit the Father or Mother of annye suche Apprentice have not any Landes Tenementes nor Hereditamentes.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That after the first daye of Maie next coming, it shall not be laufull to any pson or psons, other then suche as nowe doo laufully use or exercise any Arte Misterye or Manuell Occupac&n, to set uppe occupie use or exercise anye Crafte Misterye or Occupation, nowe used or occupied within the Realme of Englande or Wales, Excepte he shall have been brought uppe therin Seaven yeares at the least as Apprentice, in maner and fourme abovesaid, nor to set anye person on woorck in suche Misterye Arte or Occupac&n, being not a Worckman at this Day, excepte he shall have bene Apprentice as ys aforesaid, orels having served as an Apprentice as ys aforesaid, shall or will become a Journeymen, or be hyred by the yere ; upon payne that every pson willingly offending or doing the contrary, shall forfeite and lose for every Defaulte fourtye shillinges for every monethe.

Provided always and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That no pson or psons using or exercising Tharte or Misterye of a Wollen Clothe Weaver, other then suche as bee inhabiting within the Counties of Cumberland Westmerlande Lancaster and Wales, weaving Fryzes Cottons or Huswyves Clothe onely, making and weaving Wollen Clothe comonlye solde or to bee solde by any Clotheman or Clothyer, shall take and have any Apprentice, or shall teache or in any wise instructe any pson or psons in the Science Arte or Occupac&n of Weaving aforesayd in any Village Towne or Place, (Cities Townes Corporate and Market Towns onely except,) unles suche pson bee his Sonne, or els that the Father or Mother of suche Apprentice or Servante shall, at the tyme of the taking of suche pson or psons to bee an Apprentice or Servaunte or to bee so instructed, have Landes and Tenementes or other Hereditamentes to the clere yerely value of Three poundes at the least of an Estate of Inheritance or Freeholde, to bee certefied under the Handes and Seales of Three Justices of the Peace of the Shier or Shires where the said Landes Tenementes and other Hereditamentes doo or shall lye; Theffect of Thindcnture to be registred wll,in Three Monethes in the Pishe where suche M' shall dwell, and to pay for suche regestring foure pence: upon payne of forfeiture of Twentye Shillinges for every Monethe that any pson shall otherwise take any Apprentice, or set any suche pson on woorcke contrary to the meaning of this Article.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That all and every pson or psons that shall have Three Apprentices, in any of the sayd Craftes Misteryes or Occupac&ns of a Clothemaker Fuller Shereman Weaver Taylor or Shoomaker, shall reteine and kepe one Journeyman, and for every other Apprentice above the nomber of the said Three Apprentices one other Journeyman, upon payne for every Defaulte therin Tenne poundes.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte nor any Thing therin conteyned, shall not extende to prejudice or hinder any Lyberties heretofore granted by any Act of Pliam' to or for the Companye and Occupac&n of Worstedmakers and Worstedweavers w,hin the Citie of Norwiche and elswhere w,hin the Countye of Norff, w1* Lyberties bee in force untill the beginning of this pnte Pliam'; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And bee it further enacted, That yf any pson shalbee requyred by any Housholder having and using half a Ploughe-lande at the least in Tillage, to bee an Apprentice and to serve in Husbandrye or in any other kind of Arte Mysterye or Science before expressed, and shall refuse so to doo; that then upon the Complaint of suche Houskeper made to one Justice of ( 1) Peace of the Countye wherin the said Refusall ys or shalbe made, or of suche Housholder inhabiting in any Citie Towne Corporate or Market Towne to the Mayo' Bailiefes or Head Officer of the said Citie Towne Corporate or Market Towne, yf any suche Refusall shall there bee, they shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue hereof to sende for the same pson so refusing; And yf the said [Justice*] or the said Maio'or Head Officer shall thinck the said pson meete and convenient to serve as an Apprentice in that Arte Labour Science or Mysterye wherin he shalbe so then required to serve, That then the said Justice or the said Maio' or Head Officer shall have powre and aucthoritee by vertue heros, yf the said pson lefiise to bee bounde as an Apprentice, to comit him unto Warde, there to remayne untill he be contented and will bee bounden to serve as an Apprentise shoulde serve, according to the true intent and meaning of this pnte Acte: And yf any suche Mr shall misuse or evill intreate his Apprentice, or that the said Apprentice shall have any just cause to complayne, or Thapprentice doo not his dutie to his Mr, then the sayd Mr or Prentice being gryeved and having cause to complayne shall repaire unto one Justice of Peace within the said Countie, or to the Maio' or other Head Officer of the Citie Towne Corporate Market Towne or other Place wher the said Mr dwellethe, who shall by his wisdome and discretyon take suche order and direction betwen the said Mr and

1 the 0.

* Justicf 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 4.

421

ok-

l«*k

apa*

*1

tata,

i4l

:»*

iflaa

■*4

obs*

*1®

am

*1

roei

oa

Til!

jk»

it*

OK

id

to

*1

I»

«»

W*'

batft

;K»

dok>

*to

* W» .«• N * if*

his Apprentise, as thequite of the cause shall requyre; And yf for want of good conformitie in the sayd M\ the said Justice of the Peace or the said Maio' or other Heade Officer cannot compounde and agre the matter betwen him and his Apprentice, then the said Justice or the said Maior or other Head Officer shall take bande of the said M' to appeare at the next Sessions then to bee holden in the said Countie, or w,hin the said Citie Towne Corporate or Market Towne, to bee before the Justices of the said Countie, or the Maio’ or Head Officer of the said Towne Corporate or Market Towne yf the said M’ dwell w,hin any suche, and upon his Apparance and hearing of the Matter before the said Justices or the said Maio' or other Head Officer, yf yt be thought meete unto them to dischardge the saide Apprentice of his Apprenticehood, that then the said Justices or foure of them at the least, wherof one to be of the Quorum, or the said Maio' or other Head Officer, withe the Concent of three other of his Brethren or Men of best Reputac&n W‘in the said Citie Towne Corporate or Market Towne, shall have Power by Aucthorite hereof in Writing under their Handes and Seales to pronounce and declare that they have discharged the said Apprentice of his Apprenticehood, and the Cause therof, and the said Writing, so being made and enrolled by the Clarck of the Peace or Towne Clerck amonges the Recordes that he kepethe, shalbee a sufficient dischardge for the said Apprentice against his M' his Executors and Administrators, Thindenture of the said Apprenticehood, or any Lawe or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding; And yf the Defaulte shalbe founde to bee in the Apprentice, then the said Justices or the said Maio' or other Head Officer withe the Assistentes aforesaid, shall cause suche due Correcc&n and Punishement to be ministredd unto him, as by their Wisdome and Discretions shalbee thought meete.

and may ditcharg. Apprentices from their Apprenticeship, or punish them for Misbehaviour.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam*, That no pson shall by force or colo' of this Estatute bee bounden to enter into any Apprenticeshippe other then suche as bee under thage of one and twentye yeres.

And to thende that this Estatute maye from tyme to tyme bee carefully and dylygently put in good Execution according to the Tenour and true meaning thereof: Bee it enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam1, that the Justices Periodical Inquiries of Peace of every Countie dyviding themselfes into severall lymittes, and lykewise every Mayo1 and Head Officer of any *f *°hU Aa!*0" Cytie or Towne Corporate, shall yerely betwen the feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell and the Nativitee of our Lorde, and betwen the Feast of Thannunciacon of o’ Ladye, and the Feast of the Nativitee of S1 John ( 1) Baptist, by all suche Wayes and Meanes as to their Wisdomes shalbe thought most meete, make a speciall and diligent Inquirie of the Branches and Articles of this Estatute, and of the good Execution of the same, and wher they shall finde any Defaultes, to see the same severely corrected and punished without Favour Affection Maiice or Displeasure.

XXIX.

Minors only compellable to be Apprentices.

XXX. Justices shall make

And in considerac6n of the paynes and travayle that the said Justices of Peace and the said Mayo' and Head Allowing to the Officer shall take and sustayne in and aboute thexecucon of this Estatute, It ys further ordeyned and enacted by Justices for such aucthoritce of this pnte Plyam', That every Justice of Peace Mayo' or Head Officer, for every Day that he shall sit in the,r TrouWe-and aboute thexecucon of this Estatute shall have alowed unto him Fyve Shillinges, to bee alowed and payde unto him or unto the said Mayo' or Head Officer of the Fines and Forfeytures of the Paynes and Penalties that shalbe forfeited and due unto the Quenes Ma", her Heires or Successoures, by force of this Estatute, in suche maner and forme as the said Justices have been heretofore commonly payde for their coming and chardges at the Quarter Sessions, so that the sitting of the said Justices or Mayo' or Head Officer bee not at anye one tyme above three dayes and for the Matters conteyned in this Estattute.

And bee it enacted by thaucthoritye aforesayd, That thone half of all Forfeitures and Penalties expressed and A J*11' mentioned in this Statute, other then suche as are expreslye otherwise appoynted, shalbee to our Sovereygne Lady the andPRecovery Quenes Ma" her Heires and Successoures, and thother Moietie to him or them that shall sue for the same in any of l>enalt,e’' of the Quenes Mal" Courtes of Recorde, or before any of the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or before any other Justices or President and Councell before remembred, by Accftn of Dett Informacon Bill of Complaynte or otherwise, in which Acc&ns or Suytes no Protec con Wager of Lawe or Essoine shalbee allowed ; And that the said Justices or two of them wherof one to bee of the Quorum, and the said Presidentes and Councell as ys aforesaid, and the said Maio" or other Head Officers of Cities or Townes Corporate, shall have full Power and Aucthoritee to heare and determine all and every Offences and Offence that shalbee comitted or done against this Estatute or againste any Branche therof, aswell upon Indictment to bee taken before them in the Sessions of t{>e Peace, as upon Informacbn Acc&n of Det or Bill of Complaynt to bee sued or exhibited by any pson; And shall and maye by vertue hereof make Proces against the Defendant, and awarde Execuc&n as in any other Cace they laufiilly maye by any the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, and shall yerely in Mighelmas Terme certefie by Estreat the Fynes & Forfeitures of every thoffences conteined in this Estatute that shalbee founde before them, into the Courte of Thexchequer, in like sorte & fourme as they bee bounde to certefie Thestreates for other Offences and Forfeitures to be lost before them; Any thing in this Statute conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any Thing therin conteyned or mentioned shall not be prejudicial! or hurtfull ProviH^or1*1 to the Cities of London and Norwiche, or to the lawfull Lyberties Usages Customes or Privilegies of the same Cities, for London^ *nd^ or concerning thaving or taking of any Apprentice or Apprentices, but that the Citizens and Freemen of the same Apprentice. Cities, shall & maye take have and reteine Apprentices ther, in suche maner and fourme as they might laufully have done before the making of this Statute; This Acte or any Thing therin conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

1 the O.

5 P

422

5° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

15 6 2-3.

, I

XXXIV.

All Contracts of Apprenticeship against this Act, Toid: Penalty ^io.

XXXV. Apprentices under thuAct compellable to serve, although bound under at Years of Age.

XXXVI. Proviso for Town of Godalming.

XXXVII. Application of Penalties in Cities and Towns Corporate.

XXXVIII. Proviso for Contracts already made.

XXXIX.

For Apprehension of Servants, &c. departing from their Masters into other Shires.

XL.

High Constables in Hundreds may keep Statute Sessions.

And be it also further enacted, That all Indentures Covenantes Promises and Bargaynes of or for the having taking or keping of any Apprentice, otherwise hereafter to bee made or taken then ys by this Statute lymited ordeined and appointed, shalbee clerely voide in the Lawe to all Internes and Purposes, and that every pson that shall from hensforthe take or newly reteine any Apprentice contrarye to the tenour and true meaning of this Acte, shall forfeite and lose for every Apprentice so by him taken the some of Tenne Poundes.

And because ther hathe bene and ys some Question and Scruple moved, whether any pson being w^in thage of one and twentye yeres, and bounden to serve as an Apprentice in any other place then in the said Citie of London, shoulde bee bounden accepted and taken as an Apprentyce; For the Resolution of the said Scruple and Doubte, bee yt enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam1, That all and every suche pson or psons that at any time or times from hensforthe shalbe bounden by Indenture to serve as an Apprentice in any Arte Science Occupacbn or Labour, according to the teno' of this Estatute, and in maner and fourme aforesaid, albeit the same Apprentice or any of them shalbe within the age of one and twentye yeres at the tyme of making of their severall Indentures, shalbe bounden to serve for the yeres in their severall Indentures conteined, as amply and lardgly to every Entent as yf the same Apprentice were of full Age at the time of the making of suche Indentures; Any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That thinhabitantes now dwelling or inhabiting, or that heereafter shall dwell or inhabite w,hin the Towne of Godalming wthin the Countie of Surrey w^i the Limites of the Watche of the said Towne, maye use and exercise suche Artes Misteries and Occupacbns, and take and use Apprentices and Servantes, in suche manner and forme as thinhabitantes w^in Market Townes by this Statute may laufully doo.

Provided alwais and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all maner Amercianvf Fines Issues and Forfeitures wch shall rise growe or come by reason of any Offences or Defaultes mentioned in this Acte or any Branche therof, wlhin any Citie or Towne Corporate, shalbe levied gathered and receyved by suche pson or psons of the same Citie or Towne Corporate, as shalbee appointed by the Mayo' or other Head Officers mentioned in this sayd Acte, to thuse and Mayntenance of the same Citie or Towne Corporate, in suche Case and Condition as any maner other Amerciam'f Fines Issues or Forfeitures have bene used to be levied and imployed w,hin the same Citie or Towne Corporate, by reason of any Grante or Charter from the Quenes Ma'* that nowe ys or of any her Graces noble Progenitours made and granted to the same Citie Burghe or Towne Corporate; Any thing or clause before mentioned and expressed in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies that this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to any laufull Reteyningf or Covenantes had or made before the making of this Acte; but that all and every the pries to suche Reteyninges or Covenantes shall and may have the same and lyke Advauntages of suche Reteyninges and Covenantes, and of the Statutes heretofore in that Behalfe provyded, as yf this Acte had never been had nor made; Any Clause of Repeale or other Matter whatsoever in this Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

(') And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any Servant or Apprentice of Husbandrye or of any Arte Science or Occupacbn aforesaid, unlawfully departe or flye into anye other Shire, that it shalbe laufull to the said Justices of Peace and to the said Maiors Bailiefes and other Head Officers of Cities and Townes Corporate for the tyme being Justices of Peace there, to make and grante Writtes of Capias, so many and suche as shalbee nedefull, to be directed to the Shriefes of the Counties or to other Head Officers of the Places whither suche Servantes or Apprentices shall so departe or flye, to take theyr Bodies, returneable before them at what tyme shall please them, so that yf they come by suche Processe, that they bee put in prisone till they shall finde sufficient Surerie well and honestlye to serve their M" Maistresses or Dames from whom they so departed or fledde according to thorder of the Lawe.

Provided allwayes, That it shalbe laufull to the Highe Constables of Hundredes in every Shire, to holde kepe and contynue Perie Sessions, otherwise called Statute Sessions, wlhin the Lymittes of theyr Authorities, in all Shires wherin suche Sessions have bene used to bee kepte, in suche maner and fourme as heretofore hathe been used and accustomed, so as nothing bee by them doone therin contrarie or repugnante to this pnte Acte.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte towching certayne Politique Constitutions made for the maintenance of the Navye.

FOR the better maynetenance and encreace of the Navye of this Realme of Englande, Bee it enacted by the Quenes most excellent Ma"* withe thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam1 assembled and by thaucthoritee [of the same,’ ] That from the first daye of Aprill Anno Dni One thowsande fyve hundrede threeskore foure, and so from thensforthe, it shalbe laufull to all and every of the Subjectes of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene her heires and successoures at his and their Will and Pleasure, to carry and transporte out of this Realme in the Shippes or other Vesselles of any the Subjectes aforesaid, all and every kindes of Hearring and other Sea Fishe to be taken upon the Seas by any of the Subjectes aforesaid ; any Acte of Pliam' or Lawe to the contrary

■The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules. 1 aforesaid O.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 5.

423

notwithestanding: And that all and every pson and psons whiche shall by vertue of this Acte transporte or carrye any Hearinges or other Sea Fishe from or out of any Porte or Harboroughe of this Realme, to any Place out of the Dominions of the Quenes Majestie her heires or successoures, shalbe free from payment of any Custome Subadie or Pondage Money for the same Fishe so carried or transported, during the space of foure whole yeres, beginning at the said first daye of Aprill Fiftene hundrethe threskore foure, and so further during her Ma"" Pleasure.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That from the first daye of Maye next coming, it shall not bee laufull to any pson or psons in any Porte Citie Towne Market or other Place w""in this Realme, to set price make any Restraint or take or demaunde Toll or Taxe of any Sea Fishe to be brought into this Realme, or any pte therof,’ being taken by any of the Subjectes aforesaid, in the Shippes or other Vesselles of the same Subjectes, upon paine to every pson offending contrary to the meaning hereof, to forfeite the value of the Fishe so restreined prised tolled or taxed; Any Libertie Custome Grant Privilege or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwaies. That this pnte Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shalbe prejudicial! or hurtful! to the Maio' and Burgesses of the Kinges Towne upon Hull, or their Successoures Maio" and Burgesses, of the same Towhe or to any other Officer or Minister of the same Towne at any time hereafter; but that they and every of them may receive have and take all and every suche Toll Customes and somes of Moneye of all and every suche pson and psons as ys limitted appointed and setforthe by them to bee taken in an Acte of Pliam1 made in the xxxiij"' yere of the Raigne of oure late Sovereigne Lorde King Henrye Theight; and that neither the said Mayo' and Burgesses of Kingston upon Hull nor any Inhabitante there, or any of them, shall take any advantage of that Article of this Estatute for the Carryage of anny Hearinges or salted Fishe to anye the pties beyonde the Sea ; Any thing in this pnte Acte mentioned conteyned specified or declared in any wise to the contrary notwithestanding.

Bee it also enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no Pourveyo' or other pson whatsoever shall from the said first daye of Maye, by vertue of any Comission or otherwise, take any Hearing or Sea Fishe from any of the Subjectes afore mentioned that shall take the same in the Shippes or other Vesselles of the said Subjectes as yt ys abovesaid, otherwise then by Agrement of the Owners or Sellers of the same Fishe, upon payne for every Purveyour and other pson whatsoever offending contrary to the teno' of this Acte to forfeite the dooble value of the Hearinges or Fishe so to be taken: And yt shalbe laufull for any pson being Owner or Seller of any suche Sea Fyshe so taken as ys aforesayd, to w,hstande any pson that will by any colour of Purveyeng or otherwise demaunde any suche Fishe, or the Toll of any suche Fishe, without the good will of the Owner or Seller as aforesaid: Provided that the Fishe called Composicbn Fishe heretofore granted to the Quenes Ma"* by the Subjectes of this Realme traveyling into Iselande shalbee taken by her Ma'" Officers and Purveyours, in suche sorte as the same hathe been laufully used to be taken before the making of this Acte; and saving to the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successours and to all other psons suche Fishes as bee knowen and used to bee called Royall Fishes, wheronto her Ma"' or the said other psons have or shall have Right or Interest, for suche Recompence as heretofore hathe been accustomed.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That from the sayd first daye of April! w* shalbee in the yere of our Lorde God M D lxiiij, it shall not be lawfull to any pson or psons to bye of any Stranger borne out of the Quenes Ma"1 Obeysance, or out of any Strangers Botome, any Hearing being not sufficiently salted packed and casked, upon paine to everie pson and psons so byeng to forfeite the Herringes so by him or them to be bought or the value therof: Provided alwaies, That this branche of this Acte shall not extende to any Herringes to bee bought w4 by reason of Shiprack shalbee brought into this Realme, but that yt shalbe laufull to all and every pson and psons to bye all suche Herringes so brought in by Shipwrack as aforesayd, as he or they laufully might have doone before the making of this Acte; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

Bee it also further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That from the Feast of S1 John Baptist next ensuing, it shall not bee laufull to any pson or psons to cause to bee loden and caried in any Bottome or Bottomes wherof any Stranger or Straungers borne then bee Owners Shipmasters or Parte Owners, any kinde of Fishe Victuall Wares or Thinges of what kinde or nature soever the same shalbe, from one Porte or Creek of this Realme to an other Porte or Creek of the same Realme, upon payne to every one that shall offende contrarie to the true meaning of this braunche of this pnt Acte, to forfeit all the Goodes so laden or carryed or the value therof: And that fromhensforthe all Englishe Hoyes and Plates may crosse the Seas as farre as Cane in Normandye and Eastwarde as farre as Norwaye; The Statute made in the first yere of the Quenes Ma‘" Reigne to the contrary hereof notwithestanding.

II.

Sea Fi»h, taken by Subjects, may be imported in their Vessels without Restraint, or Toll or Tax, ice.

III.

Corporation of Hull may take Toll

under Statute jj H. VIII. C.JJ.

but shall not export Salt Fish.

IV.

No Purveyor shall take Sea Fish caught by Subjects, except by Agreement;

Provito for Composition Fish and Royal Fish.

V.

None shall buy Herring of Foreigners not salted, tie. unless in cate of Shipwreck.

VI.

No Fish, Victuals, or Goods shall be carried Coastwise in foreign Ships.

English Hoyt may cross the Seas to Normandy, &c. [See I Eliz. c. IJ.

fs-]

And forasmuche as ther ys muche deceiptfull Packing used in Codd and Lynges brought in Barrelles or other Co<j &c ^ ^ Caske into this Realme, Bee it therfore enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That from and after the first daye of imMrted loose Aprill in the yere of our Lorde God fyftene hundrethe threskore foure, yt shall not be laufull to any pson or psons In " to bring into this Realme any Codde or Linges in Barrelles or other Caskes, but loose in Bulke & by Tale to be solde wthin this Realme; upon paine for every one that shall offende contrary to the teno' hereof, to forfaite all the Codd and Lingf so to be brought in, or the value therof.

And bee it further enacted, That from the Feast of S* Mighell Tharchaungell next following, no pson or psons whatsoever shall bring into this Realme of Englande or any pte of the same, any Wyne coming out of any of the Domynions or Countreis belonging to the Crowne of France, or any Woade called Tholouse Woade, in any other Vessell or Vesselles but onely in suche Vessell and Vesselles wherof some Subjecte or Subjectes of the Quenes Ma"* her Heires or Successors shalbee then onely Owner or pte Owner; upon paine to forfeite all Wines and Woad brought

VIII. French Wines and Tholouse Woad shall be imported only in Ships of Subjects.

[Set+H.ril. r.io.j

424

5° Eliz. c. 5.

A.D. 1562-3.

contrary to the meaning hereof, according to the meaning of an Estatute made in the time of the Reygne of King Except Rochel Henry the Seven, concerning Wine of the Duchie of Gascoine and Guyon; Except that there maye bee brought into Wmei to Wiles,&c. waies or jjjy porte within the Countie of Monmowthe, Rochell Wines.

IX.

Ship Owien, Fishermen, Gunners and Shipwrights may-take Apprentices.

X.

So much of Stat. j, 6E.VI. c. 14. and other Acts, as relates to forestalling Fish, Wine, Oil, and Salt, repealed.

Bee it also enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That fromhenseforthe it shalbe laufull to all and every Owner & Owners of Shippes or Vesselles, and to every Housholder using and exercising the Trade of the Seas by Fishing or otherwise, and to every Guner or Guners comonly called Canoners, and to every Shippewright, to take and kepe one or more Apprentice or Apprentices to be brought up in the said Trade or Trades ; every of the same Apprentice or Apprentices •to bee to them bounde for tenne yeres or under: And every Apprentice so taken, being above seven yeres of age, shalbe by the same Covenantes bounde ordered and used to all intentes according to the Costume of the Citie of London ; so that the same Covenant or Bonde of Apprentishippe be made by writing indented, and inrolled in the Towne where the same Apprentice shalbe then inhabited, yf it bee a Towne Corporate, and yf the Towne bee not Incorporate, then to be enrolled in the next Towne Encorporate to the Habita&n of every suche Apprentice; And that thofficers of every suche Towne Corporate shall take for every suche Enrollement not above twelf pens; Any Lawe Statute or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithestanding.

And bee it further enacted, That so muche of the Statute made in the Fifthe and Sixthe yeres of the late King Edwarde the Sixte, intituled An Acte against Regratoures Forstallers and Ingrocers, and so muche of all other Estatutes against all Regrators Forstallers and Ingrocers, as dothe and maye conceme the byeing of Seafishe unsalted or Mudd Fishe, or any Wine Oyle or Salt, to be taken and brought in any Englishe Subjectes Shippes Crayers or other Vessell unto any Porte Creek or Place of this Realme, shall fromhensforthe to all Intentes Construcc&ns and Purposes be utterly repelled and voyde, for so muche of the said Oyles Wine Seafishe Mudfishe and Sake as anye Buyer or Byers uppon the Sea, by waye of Forestalling or Regrating, shall or doo bring and dischardge in any Porte or Haven within this Realme.

XI.

Wednesdays shall be Fish Days like as Saturdays.

XII. Penalty on eating Flesh on Fish-Days, £3 i on Householder not informing, £1.

Application of Penalties.

XIII.

Proviso for Persons having Licences to eat Flesh, on Payment of certain Sums to the Poor’s Box of the Parish.

Licences for eating Beef and Veal.

Licences in case of Sickness.

And for encrease of Provision of Fishe by the more usuall and common eating therof, Bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That from the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell [Anno Dni 1 ] Fiftene hundrethe threeskore foure^ every Wednesdaye in every Weeke through the whole yere, wch heretofore hathe not by the Lawes or Customes of this Realme bene used and observed as a Fishe Daye, and wc|> shall not happen to fall in Christmas Weeke or Easter Week, shalbe hereafter obfved and kepte as the Saterdays in every Weeke bee or ought to be: And that no maner of pson shall eate any Fleshe on the same daye, otherwise then ought to bee upon the cdmon Saterdaye.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, for the benefit and cdmodities of this Realme to growe aswell in maintenance of the Navie, as in sparing and encrease of Fleshe Victuall of this Realme, That from and after the feast of Pentecoste next coming, yt shall not bee laufull to any pson or psons w,bin this Realme, to eate any Fleshe upon any Dayes nowe usually observed as Fishe Days, or upon any Wednesdaye nowe newly lymitted to bee observed as Fishe Daye ; upon payne that every pson offending herein shall forfeite Three Powndes for every tyme he or they shall offende, or els suffer Three Monethes close Imprisonement w,hout Bade or Mayneprise; And every pson or psons w^in whose House any suche Offence shalbe done, and being pryvie or knowing therof, and not effectually punisheng or disclosing the same to some publyque Officer having aucrhoritee to punishe the same, for every suche Offence to forfaite fourtye Shiliinges; All w® Forfeitures for not absteyning from Meates shalbe devided into three equall partes, that ys. One pte to thuse of the Quenes Matk, her Heires or Successors, thother pte to thinfourmer, the thirde to the comon use of the Pishe where the Offence ys or shalbee committed, and to bee levied by the Churchewardens after any Convice&n in that Behalf.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted, That this Acte nor any thing herein conteyned concerning eating of Fleshe shall in any wise extende to any pson or psons that shall hereafter have any speciall Lycence, upon Causes to be conteyned in the said Lycence, and to bee granted according to the Lawes of this Realme, in suche Cases provided; All and every whiche said Lycence and Lycenses shalbe voide to all ententes, unles the same conteyne the Condic&ns hereafter mentioned, that is to saye; Every Lycence made to any pson or psons being of the Degree of a Lorde of Pleam', or of their Wyves, shalbe upon Condicbn that every suche pson so to bee lycensed, shall paie to the poore Mens Boxe w'*in the Pishe where they shall dwell or remayne in the Feast of the Purificatyon of the Blessed Virgyn Marye, or w,hin sixe daies after the same Feast, twentye syxe shiliinges eight pens, The same to bee paide w,hin one monethe next after the same Feast, upon payne of forfeiture of every suche Lycence ; And every Lycence to any pson of the Degree of a Knight or a Knightes Wyef, shalbee upon condic&n that every suche pson so lycensed shall paye yerelye threttene shiliinges foure pens to the use aforesaid and in fourme afore mentioned; And every Lycence to any pson or psons being under the Degrees above said, shalbee upon condie&n that everye suche pson so lycenced shall pay yerelye syxe shiliinges eight pens to the said use and in fourme afore mentioned: Provided alwaies, That no Lycence shall extende to the eating of any Beef at any tyme of the yere, nor to the eating of anny Veale in anny yere from the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell unto the firste daye of Maye: Provided also, That all psons whiche by reason of notorious sicknes shalbee inforced for Recoverye of Helthe to eate Fleshe for the time of their sicknes, shalbe sufficiently licensed by the Bishoppe of the Dyoces or by the Pson Vicar or Curate of the Pishe where suche pson shalbee sicke, or of one of the next Pishe adjoyning, yf the sayd Pson Vicar or Curate of his or their owne Pishe

1 in the yere of our Lorde God O.

Gov 1

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 5.

425

k

a

I*

ti

ti

Ik

b

ik

ik

m

n

fc

I,*

is

Fk*

i*

I*

(ii

fa

fc*

«»

F*

I?

if

•fa

i#

Fs

bee wilfull, or yf there bee no Curate wSn the same Pishe ; Whiche Lycence shaibe made in Wryting signed w'k the Hande of the Bishoppe of the Dyocesse or of the Pson Vicar or Curate, and not endure longer then the tyme of the sicknes; And that yf the sicknes shal continue above the space of eight dayes after suche Lycence granted, then the Lycence shall bee regestred in the Churche Book w* the knowledge of one of the Churchewardens, and the ptie lycensed shall give to the Curate foure pens for thentrye therof and that Lycence tendure no longer but onely for the tyme of his her or their sicknes: And yf any Lycence by any Pson Vicar or Curate be granted to any p6on or psons, (other then suche as evidently appeare to have nede thereof by reason of their sicknes,) not onely every suche Lycence shaibe voide, but also every suche Pson Curate or Vicar shall forfeite for everye suche Lycence otherwise granted, fyve Marckes.

XIV

Provided also and bee yt enacted, That all Lycenses heretofore granted to any Subjecte of this Realme by any Former Licence! of the late Kinges, or by the late Quene Marye, or by the Quenes Ma'1* nowe being, or by any Archebushoppe of this force

Realme havyng aucthorite so to doo, shaibe of as good force in Lawe for the Wednesdaye nowe lymitted and other accustomed Fishe Days as they were before the making of this Acte for the said other accustomed Fishe Days, so as the pties lycensed doo hereafter observe all suche Condic&ns as bee lymitted in this Estatute to suche as hereafter shall obteyne any Lycences: And such psons also as heretofore were or ought to be lycensed, by reason of age or other impediment or cause by order of the Ecclesiasticall Lawes, shall enjoy the same Pryvylege and accustomed Lycences:

Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

XV.

And bee it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That no Forfeiture of Shippe Crayer or other Vessell or forfeiture on of anny Apparell of the same, nor any other Penaltie or Forfeiture shalbee extended or growe against any Owner or Owners of any Shippe Crayer or other Vessell, for the transporting or carryeng of any Wheate or other Corne or for exporting Coro, Thinges prohibited by the Statute made in the Plem' holden the first and seconde yeres of King Philippe and Quene &c' al eT'atfd' Marye, unles the same Owner or Owners shalbee witting knowing aiding or consenting to the [prohibiting1 ] transporting or carrieng; The said Estatute or any thing therin mentioned to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithestanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Plam*, That all and every pson and psons wch bee or shalbee by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme or otherwise, aucthorised to sell Wynes by Retayle in the severall Cownties and Places where they bee or shaibe so aucthorised, shall and maye fromhenseforthe sell the said Wynes by Pynte Quarte Pottell Gallon or otherwise, at suche Prise or Prises and in suche fourme as shaibe limitted by the Quenes Majesties Proclamation in that Countie or Place made, w"1 thassent of suche Lordes and other psons as by the Statute made in the Twentye eight yere of the Reigne of King Henry Theight were aucthorised to sett Prise upon Wynes in Grosse ; without anny Payne or Forfeiture for the same; Any Lawe Usage or Statute heretofore made or hadd to the contrarye hereof in any wyse notwithestanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite of this pnte Plam', That from and after the Feast of S' Mighell the Archangell next coming, it shaibe laufull to all and every pson and psons, being Subjectes of the Quenes Ma'ie, her Heires or Successours, onely out of suche Portes or Creekes as by the Quenes Ma1" Proclamation hereafter shaibe published and appointed, and not els where, to lode carry or transporte any Wheate Rie Barley Malt Pease or Beanes into any Partes beyonde the Seas, to sell as a Marchandise in Shippes Crayers or other Vesselles, wherof any Englishe borne Subject then shaibe the onely Owners; so that the Price of the said Comes or Graynes so carried or transported exceede not the Prices hereafter following, at the Times Havens (1) Places where and when the same Corne or Grayne shaibe shipped or laden; Vidz. The Quarter of Wheate at Tenne Shillinges, the Quarter of Rie Pease or Beanes at Eight Shillinges, the Quarter of Barley or Malte at Syxe Shillinges Eight Pens, of currante Moneye of Englande;

Any Lawe Usage or Estatute heretofore made to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithestanding.

And where Doubte hathe heretofore bene whether the Statute in the Eightene Yere of the Reigne of King Henrie the vj"1, heretofore made against Souldiours reteyned wch depte from their Captaines w,hout Lycence, did or ought textende to Maryners and Giiners serving on the Seas, taking Wages of the King or Quene of this Realme:

Bee it expressed ordeyned enacted and declared by aucthorite of this pnte Plam', That the said Estate made in the said xviijtt yere of the reigne of King Henry the vj'11, in all Paynes Forfeitures and other Thinges, did dothe and hereafter shall extende aswell to all and every Maryner and Guner having taken or shall hereafter take Prest or Wages to serve the Quenes Ma"*, her Heires or Successoures, to all Intentes and Purposes as the same dyd or dothe unto any Souldyour

Any diversites of Opinion Doubte Matter or Thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithestanding.

And where an Estatute concerning sowing of Flaxe and Hempe was made & provided in the Plem' holden the xxiiij yere of the Reigne of o' late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, to be uftiversall throughe every Countie of this Realme for the better Provision of Nettes for Helpe and Furtherance of Fishing, and for eschewing of Idlenes;

Bee it ordeyned and enacted by aucthorite of this pnte Pliam1, That in every suche Countie of this Realme, or pte of suche Countie, where by the Quenes Ma'" Proclamac&n it shall hereafter bee published the said Estatute to be comodious or profitable for the Comon Wealthe, The said Estatute and every Clause Article and Provision therin conteyned bee and shaibe revived and stande in full force and strengthe, to be executed and pfourmed from the feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell next coming in all things, other than in the proportion of a Roode or Fourthe Pte of an Acre, and in the payne of Three Shillinges Foure Pens by the said Estatute lymitted ; In place wherof Be yt ordeyned and enacted by (J ) aucthoritee aforesaid, that in every Case and Degree where by the said former Estatute One Roode or Fourthe

XVI.

Wines may be (old by Retail, at Pricel to be fixed by Proclamation, See. by Persona authorized to set the Pricet in Gross by 28 H.VIII. c. 14.

XVII.

Corn may be exported by Subjects in English Ships at certain Ports; when not exceeding.

Wheat 10s.

Rye, Dec. 8s.

Barley or Malt 6s. 80. per Quarter.

XVIII.

St. 18 H.VI. c. 19. against Soldiers deserting, extended to Mariners and Gunners.

XIX.

St. 24H.VIII. c.4. for sowing Flax, re Tired, in Counties to be sp.cified by Proclamation; Quantity increased to One Acre: Penalty jCj.

1 prohybyted 0.

* and 0.

‘ the O.

5 Q

426

5° Eliz. c. 5

A.D. 156QS.

XX.

All Offences against this Act at Sea shall be tried under Stat. 38 H.VIII. c. 15.

Offences at Land before Justices in Sessions;

Levying and Application of Penalties.

XXL Limitation of Prosecutions,

12 Months, &c.

XXII.

One Dish of Flesh allowed to Three Dishes of Fish on Wednesdays, Scc.

Pte of an Acre ys lhnitted to be sowen w,h Lyneseade otherwise Flaxeseade or Hempseade, from the said Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell next coming, in stead and leiwe of the said Roode or fourthe Pte of an Acre, one whole Acre or les, as by Proclamac&n in fourme aforesaid shalbe limitted, shalbe sowen w"1 Lyneseade otherwise Flaxseade or Hempe Seade, upon Payne of Forfeiture of Fyve Powndes for every suche Defaulte or Offence.

And further bee it ordeyned and enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all and every suche of thoffences before mentioned as hereafter shalbee doon on the mayne Sea or Costes of the Sea, being no pte of the Bodye of any Countie of this Realme, and w^out the Precincte Jurisdice&n and Liberties of the Cincq Portes, and out of any Haven or Peere, shalbe tryed and determined before the Lorde Admirall of Englande or his Lieutenant Deputie or Deputies, and other Justices of Oyer and Terminer, according to the fourme of the said Estatute of Anno xxviij" Henr. viij. for Causes of Piracie ; And yf the same shalbee doone on the mayne Sea or Costes of the Sea, w"*in the Jurisdice&n or Lybcrtye of the Cincq Portes, and out of any Haven or Porte, then the same to be tried and determined before the said Lorde Warden of the said Cing, Portes, or his Lieutenant or Judge, or before Justices of Oyer and Terminer, according to the true fourme of the said Estatute of Anno xxviij0 Henr. viij. for Causes of Piracie ; And for all and singler suche other of thoffences before mentioned as shalbe done in the Lande, or w,hin any Haven or Peere, all Justices of the Peace in theyre Sessions, and Maiors Shirifes and Bailiefes and other Head Officers in Cities and Townes Corporate, in their Sessions or other Courtes w,hin the Limites of their Comissions or Aucthorites, shall have full Power and Aucthorite tenquyre of the Offendors of this Acte, aswell by thothes of Twelve Men as otherwise by Informac&n, and therupon to heare and determine the same; And yf any pson or psons shalbee presented before the said Judges Justices or Officers within the Lymittes of their Aucthorities, or any Informac&n geven to them of any Offender of this Acte, that then they shall have full Power and Aucthoritee upon any suche Presentment or Informac&n to make Proces against thoffendors of this Acte, lyke as is comonly used upon Inditementes of Trespas; And yf any be presented and afterwarde be convicted, by confession or otherwise, that then every suche pson shall suffer no lesse Forfeiture or Punishement then herein ys before lymitted; All which’e Forfeitures to be levied in inaner and forme following, That is to saye, suche Forfeitures concerning eating of Fleshe as arr before limited to certayne Uses, to bee to the same Uses in that Behalfe before expressedand all suche Forfeytures as according to the teno' of this Acte shalbe determinable before the said Judges Justices or other Officers of the Admiralties aforesaid, or before Commissioneres of Oyer and Terminer in that Behalf, shalbee to thuse of the Lorde Admirall of Englande or Lorde Warden of the Cincq Portes where suche Offence shalbe presented, or whereas the Jurisdictyon of the Cause shall appertayne; And all suche Forfeitures as according to the tenor of this Acte shalbe determinable before Maiors Shriefes Bayliefes or other Head Officers of Cities or Townes Corporate, shalbee to the c5mon use of the Corporac&n of the said Citie or Towne Corporate where suche Offences shalbe presented, or wheras the Jurisdice&n of the cause shall appertayne ; And all suche Forfeitures as according to the the teno' of this Acte shalbe determinable before the Justices of the Peace shalbe to thuse of the Quenes Ma,lc her Heires and Successors ; And yf any pson shall bee convict by Confession or otherwise upon any Informac&n made by any pson or psons against any Offender or Offenders of this Acte in any Cause, (save for the eating of Fleshe first before specially lymited,) that then every suche pson so convict upon any lnformacon shall lose suche Forfeiture as is before limited, thone halfe therof to be to suche as so shall make thinformac&n, and thother half to those wcl> upon pntement without speciall Informac&n are before limited to have thhole Forfeiture ; And that for the levieng of every Forfeiture growing by this Estatute, aswell the said Lord Admirall of Englande Lorde Warden of the Cincq, Portes their Lieuten*ntf & Judges, as the said Justices Maio" [Bailiefes Shirefes' ] and other head Officers w"‘in the limites of their Comissions or Aucthorities have and shall have full power and authorite to make suche Proces as they shall thinck good by their discretions.

Provided alwayes, That [no1] Informac&n at the Sute of any pson concerning this Acte shalbee of any Effecte to put any pson to aunswer or losse of Forfeiture, Except the said Informac&n be c5menced w'hin half a yere next after thoffence done contrary to this Acte; nor that any lnformacon or Presentement for the Quenes Mat,c her Heirs or Successors, or for the Admirall Warden of the Cincq Portes Maiors or other Officers aforesaid, bee of any Effecte to put any pson to any aunswer or losse of any Forfeiture by vertue of this Acte, except the said Informac&n or pntement bee wll'in one yere next after the Offence done and comitted contrary to this Acte.

Provided and be it likewise enacted, That it shalbe laufull to any pson or psons to have at his or theyr Table upon every Wednesdaye, being ordered by this Estatute to be observed as a Fishe Daye, one onely usuall competent dishe of Fleshe of one kind and no mo, so that he she or they have also served to the same Table and Mease at the same Meale, three full competent usuall dishes of Sea Fishe of sundry kindes, either freshe or salte, and that w^out Fraude or Covin, & so shall also order that the same Fishe be meet and seasonable, and that it shalbe eaten or spent in lyke maner as upon Frydais or Saterdais in like cases arre used: And that all suche psons as have or hereafter shall have upon good and just consjderacons anny laufull Lycence to eate Fleshe upon any Fishe Daye, (except suche psons as for sicknes shall for the tyme be lycensed by the Bushoppe of the Dioces or by their Curates, or shalbe lycenced by reason of age or other impediment allowed heretofore by Thecdesiasticall Lawes of this Realme,) shalbe bounde by force of this Statute to have, for every one dishe of fleshe served to be eaten at their Table, one usuall dishe of Sea Fishe, freshe or salte, to be likewise served at the same Table and to bee eaten or spent w"‘out Fraude or Covin, as the lyke kinde ys or shalbe usually eaten or spente on Saterdayes: And that these twoo Articles and Clauses next above shalbe taken and interpreted from time to time in the favour of expence of Sea Fishe; and that Thoffender or Offenders herein shalbe punished in lyke maner as is ordred by this Estatute for PAnishment of suche as shall eate Fleshe upon Frydayes Saterdayes or other Fishe Dayes.

1 Sherif Baylyf 0.

. (~^OQ

A.D. 15 62-3.

5° Eliz. c. 5

427

i

i

i

i

k

j

k

I k

i

e

i

fa

fa

ik

fa

a

a

fa

k

b

ii

if

fa

82

m

a

a

ii

ft

"!

M

II

M

if

k

ii

ti

0

ft

0

I*

ft

ft

ft

■in

ft

ft

ft

ft

I*

And because no maner of pson shall misjudge of thintent of this Esratute, limitring Orders to eate Fyshe and to forbeare eating of Fleshe, but that the same ys purposely intended and ment politikely for thincrease of Fishermen k Mariners & repairing of Porte Townes and NavigaSftn, and not for any Supetic6n to be maynteyned in the Choyce of Meates; Bee yt enacted, That whosoever shall by Preaching Teaching Writing or open Speeche, notefie that any eating of Fishe [andforbearing of Fleshe mentyoned in this Statute ys of any necessitee for the saving of the Soule of Man, or that yt ys the Service of God, or otherwise then as other politike Lawes arre and bee, that then suche pson shalbee punished as spreaders of fause Newes arr or ought to bee.

Bee it enacted in the favour of Fishermen and Maryners haunting the Sea as Fishermen or Maryners, that none of them shall hereafter at any tyme bee compelled against his or their Will to serve, as any Souldiour upon the Sea or upon the Lande, otherwise then as a Maryner -, Except yt shalbee to serve under any Captayne of some Shippe or Vessell for Landing to do some speciall exployte whiche Maryners have used to doo, or under any other pson having aucthorite to w,hstande anny Invasion of Ennemies, or to subdue any Rebellyon wlhin the Realme, and also except all suche psons as by Tenure lawfull Custome or Covenante bee or shalbe otherwise bounde to serve.

Provided alwaies and bee yt enacted by aucthorite aforesayd, That this Acte or anny thing theryn conteyned shall not extende to take awaye or dymynyshe any Lybertye Pryvylege Fraunchese Forfeiture or Amercyament, Fynes Issues Wreckes of the Sea or any other laufull Inheritance or Freeholde, from anny Person or Persones Bodyes Politike or Corporate their Heires or Successoures, for or touching any laufull Liberty Aucthorite or Jurisdice&n Admirall, or for Concervac&n of any Water that they or any of them nowe have lawfully or hereafter shall have j Any thing in the same to the contrarye notwithestanding.

(*) Provided alwaies and be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That no Fisherman using or haunting the Sea, shalbee taken by the Quenes Majesties Comission to serve her Highnes as a Maryner on the Sea, but that the sayd Comission bee first brought by her Highnes Taker or Takers, or Twoo Justices of Peace next adjoyning and inhabyting to the said Sea Costes Townes or other Places where the said Maryners arr so to bee taken, to the Intent the sayd Justices maye choose out and cause to bee returned suche sufficient nomber of liable men as in the said Comission shalbee conteyned to serve her Matk as ys aforesaid.

Saving alwayes to the Cincq^ Portes and also to the Towne of Greate Yarmouthe, all suche lawfull Lyberties as they justly have before the making of this Acte, touching the free Faire kepte at Yarmouthe, other then in byeng of Strangers and taking of Toll as the same bee before prohibyted.

Provided alwaies, That any Thing in this Acte conteyned shall not be hurtfull or prejudiciall to any Aucthoritee Style Preheminence Dignity or Jurisdiccon belonging to thoffice of the Lorde Warden of the Cincq^ Portes.

Provided alwayes. That yt shall and maye bee laufull to and for any pson or psons being Strangers borne, to bring yerely in any Shippe Bottome or Vessell, wherof any Stranger or Strangers borne ys or shalbe Owner or Owners, into the Havens Portes and Townes of the Isle of Man, or into any of them, any of the Wynes made in any of the Domynions or Countreis belonging to the Crowne of France, and in the same Portes and Townes or any of them to dischardge the said Wines so to bee brought; so that there bee not brought and discharged by the same Strangers, in any suche Strangers Shippes Botomes or Vesselles in any one Yere, in or at the said Havens Portes and Townes, or any of them, above One Hundrethe Tunnes at the most; This Acte or any Thing therin conteyned to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

Provided also, That yt shall and maye bee lawfull to and for any pson or parsones being Strangers borne, to bring yerely in any Shippe Vessell or Bottome, wherof any Stranger or Strangers borne ys or shalbe Owner or Owners, into the Haven Porte and Towne of Chepstowe in the Countye of Monmowthe, any Wynes made in any of the said Dominions or Countreys belonging to the said Crowne of France, over and besydes all Rochell Wynes heretofore in this Acte allowed to bee brought, and in the same Porte and Towne to dischardge the said Wynes ; so that ther bee not brought and dischardged by the same Strangers, in any suche Strangers Shippes Bottomes or Vesselles in any one yere, in or at the said Haven Porte and Towne, above one hundrethe Tonnes at the most; This Acte or any Thing therin conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

Provided also. That it shall and maye bee lawfull to and for any pson or psons being Strangers borne, to bring yerely in any Shippe Vessell or Bottome, wherof any Stranger or Strangers borne is or shalbe Owner or Owners, into the Havens Portes and Townes of Caerdif Caernervon Beawmarris and other Havens Portes and Townes in Sowthewales and Northewales, or any of them, and into the Haven Porte and Towne of Newporte in the said Countie of Monmouthe, any of the said Wines made in anye of the said Dominions or Countreis belonging to the said Croune of France, over and besides all Rochell Wines heretofore in this Acte alowed to be brought; and in and at the same Portes and Townes, or any of them, to dischardg the said Wines so to be brought; so that rher be not brought and dischardged by the same Strangers in any suche Strangers Shippes Bottomes or Vesselles in any one yere in or at the said Havens Portes and Townes, or any of them, above One hundrethe Tonnes at the most; This Acte or any Thing therin conteyned to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

XXIII. Eating of Fuh required Politically and not Spiritually.

XXIV. Mariners not compellable to serve as Soldiers.

XXV. Proviio for Franchiies.

XXVI. Fishermen shall not be taken to serve as Mariners.

XXVII. Proviso for the Cinque Ports and Yarmouth.

XXVIII.

Proviso for Wardea of Cinque Ports.

XXIX. Proviso for limited Importation of French Wines in foreign Ships into the Isle of Man.

XXX. Like Proviso for Chepstow. [$« i VIII. n, to RocM WW]

XXXI. Like Proviso for Ports of Wales, and Newport in Monmouthshire.

a The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Five separate Schedules.

428

5° Eliz. c.5—7.

A.D. 1562-3

XXXII. Proviso for Duties on such Wines so imported.

XXXIII.

Jurisdiction of Lord Admiral not extended.

XXXIV. Continuance of Act, Ten Years, &c.

Saving unto the Quenes Ma,le her heires and successoures, all suche Duties and Thinges wch her Highnes her heires and successoures ought to have enjoye be aunswered and payd, for the sayd Three hundrethe Tonnes of Wines mentioned in the sayd three last Provisos, to be brought and dischardged as in the same three Provisos bene mentioned and declared; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That this Acte or any Thinge or Thinges therin conteyned, shall not in any maner of wise extende to gyve unto the Lorde Admirall of Englande for the Time being, or to any his Viceadmiralles, Judge or Judges of Thadmiraltie, his or their Depude or Depudes, or to any other the Officers or Ministers of Thadmiraltie, or to any others having or clayming any Admirall Power Jurisdice&n or Aucthoride, w"'in this Realme and Wales or any other the Quenes Dominions, any other Power Right Jurisdiction Preheminence or Aucthoritee, then he or they or any of them laufully have hathe or had, or ought to have and enjoye before the making of this Act, other then for suche of tboffences specified in this Acte as hereafter shalbe done upon the mayne Sea wlhin the Jurisdiccbn of the Admiraltie; This Acte or any Article Branche Clause Provision or Thing therin conteyned to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

This Acte shall continue and endure untill thende of Tenne whole yeres, to be accompted from the Feast of S* Mighell Tharchaungell, whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God, Fiftene hundrethe three skore foure, and from thence to thende of the next Pliament then folowyng thende of the sayd Tenne yeres.

CHAPTER VL

An Acte agaynste suche as shall sell anny Ware for Appareill without readye Moneye.

Sellers of Foreign Apparel, to any Person* not having j^3,0OO a Year, except for ready Money, disabled from recovering the Price, on any Promise or Security whatever.

BEE it enacted [yt enacted1 ] by aucthoritee of this pnte Plyam', That whatsoever pson, after the Feast of Easter next, shall sell or by any meanes delyver to any pson, having not in Possession Landes or Fees to the clere yerely value of Three thowsande powndes, averrable and tryable by Bookes of Subsidies or by any other sufficient true way or meanes, any maner of Foreyne Stuff or Wares not growne or first wrought in any the Quenes Ma*" Dominions, of what Kinde Nature Name or Condic&n soever the same bee, apperteyning or tending to thapparelyng clothing decking garnishing or adorning of the Bodye or the pte of the Bodye of any maner of pson, for all the wch Stuff or Wares, or for the Woorckmanshipe therof or any pte therof, the Seller Delyverer or Woorcker, their Executoures or Administratoures, shall not have receyved the whole Money or full Satisfaccbn, eyther in Hande or w,hin twentye eight dayes after the Sale Delyvery or Making therof; that in every suche Case, the Seller Delyverer Worcker or Maker, their Executors and Administrators, shalbe w^out all Remedye by order of any Lawe Custome or Decree, to recover or demaunde any Money or Recompence for the said Stuff or Wares, or for the Woorckmanshipe of any pte therof, what Assurance soever he or they shall have, by Bonde Surety Promise or Pawne of the ptie or of any other on his or their Behalf to the contrarye; and that all Bondes and Assurance whatsoever made in that Case and for that Purpose by any Meanes or Ways, directly or indirectlye, shalbee utterly voyde to all Intentes; And this Acte shall endure onelye to thende of the next Pliament.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the advoyding of dyvers forreyne Wares made by Handye Craftesmen beyonde the Seas.

Evil to Artificers of this Kingdom by Importation of Foreign ready-made

WHEREAS heretofore the Artificers of this Realme of Englande, aswell w^n the Citie of London as w"4n other Cities Townes and Burghes of the same Realme, that ys to wyt, Gyrdlers Cutlers Sadlers Gloovers Poyntmakers and sUche lyke Handye craftesmen have bene in their said Faculties greatly wrought and gretely set on woorcke, aswell for the Sustentacon of themselfes their Wyefes and Families as for a good Education of a greate parte of Youthe of this Realme in good Arte and laudable Exercise; besydes the manyfolde Benefites that by meanes or by reason of their Knowledges Inventions and continuall Traveile daylye and universally came to the whole Estate of the Common welthe of this said Realme; Yet notwithestanding, so now yt ys, that by reason of thabundance of forreyne Wares brought into this Realine from the ptes of beyonde the Seas, the said Artificers are not onely les occupied and therby utterly impoverished, the Youthe not trayned in the said Scyences & Exercises, and therby the sayd Faculties and thexquesite Knowledges therof lyke in shorte Tyme w,hin this Realme to decaye; but also div*s Cities and Townes wlllin this Realme of Englande muche therby impayred, the whole Realme greatly endomaged, and other Countreys notablye enryched, and the People therof well set on Woorck to theyre Comodities and Lyvinges in the Artes & Sciences aforesayd, and to the greate discorage of the skilfull Woorckemen of this Realme, beyng in verye deede nothing inferio' to any Stranger in the Faculties aforesaid: For Reformac&n wherof. Bee it enacted by our Soveraigne Ladye

1 An erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—0. omits.

k

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 7, 8.

429

n

h

I

ft

I

ft

li

i.

e

it

ft

k

ii

4

k

IB

ii

I

k

t

i

e

a

t

ft

ii

the Quenes Highnes, and by the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Coitions of this pnte Pliament assembled, and by the thaucthorite of the same. That no pson or psons whatsoever from or after the Feast of the Natyvite of S’ John Baptyste nowe next ensuing, shall bring or cause to be brought into this Realme of Englande from the ptes of beyonde the Seas, any Gyrdles Haraes for Gyrdles Rapiers Daggers Knives Hikes Pommeles Lockettes Chapes Dagger Blades Handels Scabberdes and Sheathes for Knives Saddels Horshames Styrops Bines Gloves Pointes Leather Laces or Pynnes, beyng ready made or wrought in any Partes of beyonde the Seas, to bee solde barterde or exchanged within this Realme of Englande or Wales; upon payne to forfeite all suche Wares so to bee brought contrarie to the true meaning of this Acte, in whose Handes soever they or any of them shalbee founde, or the verye value therof, The one half of the Forfeiture to bee to our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Highnes, her Heires and Successors, and the other Moiede therof to him or them that will sease the same or sue therfore in any Courte of Recorde of the Quenes Ma"*, her Heires and Successors, by Actiin of Debte Bill Playnte Information or otherwise, where no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Protection shalbee to him or them alowed ; This Acte to continue and endure to thende oi the next Pliam',

Certain specified foreign-made Goods shall not be imported, for Sale on Pain of Forfeiture.

Continuance of this Act.

CHAPTER Vin.

An Act towching Tanners Courriours Shoomakers and other Artyficers occupyeng the cutdng of Leather.

WHERE before this tyme dyvers and many good Estatutes have bene made for the true tanning currieng and woorking of Leather, as a Thing verie necessarie for the Comonwelthe and Comoditie for the Quenes Malfc* Subjectes, for that every sorte of People of necessite must use and have Leather for dyvers and sundrye Purposes, wth notwithstanding Leather was never woorse timed curried or wrought then nowe a dayes yt ys, by reason wherof dyvers psons are not onely putto great Losse [Charde1 ] and other Inconveniencf, but also doo take dyvers and sundry Diseases to the shortening of their Lyves, as by the Complayntes of dyvers psons exhibited in this Parlyament yt manifestlye appearethe; Bee It therfore enacted by the Quenes Ma"' w'" thassent of the Lordes and Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same, That from and after the Feast of Pentecoste next coming, no Butcher or other pson shall gashe slaughter or cutt any Hide of any Bull Oxe Steere or Cowe in fleiyng therof or otherwise, wherby the same shalbe impayred or hurte; And that no Tanner or other pson or psons using or occupieng the Crafte or Mysterie of tanning of Leather shall after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell next coming, by himself or any other pson or psons, offer or putto sale any such Hide or Skynne so gashed slaughtered or cut, upon payne of forfeyture for every suche Hide or Skinne so offred or put to sale, Twentye pens.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no Butcher or other pson or psons after the said Feast of Pentecost, shall kill any Calfe to sell, being under Fyve Weekes old, upon payne to forfeite for every Calf so to be killed and soulde vj s. viij d.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid. That no pson or psons occupieng the Crafte or Occupation of a Butcher, shall after the Feast of Pentecoste next coming, occupie or use by himself or any other pson or psones the Feate Crafte or Misterye of a Tanner during the tyme that he shall so use the Crafte or Occupation of a Butcher, upon payne of forfeyture of Syxe Shillingf Eight Pens for every Daye that he shall so use the Feate Crafte or Mistery of a Tanner.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson or psons w'" at the Feast of Sl Mighell Tharchaungell wch was in the first yere of the Quenes Ma" Reigne that nowe ys, had not Landes Tenementes Rentes Profiles or Hereditamentes of Estate of Inheritance or for Tetme of Lyes or Lyves, of the clere yerely value of Fourtye Powndes or above, or whose Tannhouse was not at the said Feast ys or shalbee hereafter in a Citie Bourghe Towne Corporate or Markett Towne, where Searchers and Sealers of Leather hath beene and shalbee usually appointed, Except suche pson and psons as then had any Tannehouse, and dyd then occupye the Misterye of tanning of Leather, and except an Apprentice or Apprentices to a Timer or Timers, and except suche as were then or since or hereafter shalbee brought up instructed or tought as covenant or hired Servante for that Purpose by the Space of Seven Yeres, in the Mysterye or Crafte of tanning of Leather, and except the Wief and suche Sonne or Sonnes of a Tanner as hathe been brought up and hathe used the Misterye of tanning of Leather by the Space of Fowre Yeres aforesayd, or the Sonne or Daughter of a Tanner, or suche pson who shall marry suche Wief or Daughter to whom he hathe or shall leave a Tanhouse and Fattes, shall tanne any Leather, or shall use take or have any Profyte Game or Comoditee of or by the sayd Misterie or Crafte of tanning of Leather, upon paine of forfeiting of all suche Leather by him or them so tanned, or wherof he or they shall receive any Profite or Comodite by tanning, or the just Value therof.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That after the Feast of Pentecost next coming, no pson or psons whatsoever, wch shall after the said Feast of Pentecost occupye or use by him or themselfe or by any other pson or psons the Crafte or Misterye of tanning of Leather, shall suffer any Hyde or Skinne to lye in the Lymes any longer time than the Heare fallethe of or may bee taken of, nor in any wise to bee putt into the Lymes after the Heere may bee taken of, nor shall use employe occupie or put, by themselfes or by any other pson or psons, any Thing in any Licoure Stuff or Woorckmanship in or aboute the tanning of Leather, but onely Lyme Culver Donge or Henne Donge,

1 charge 0.

Former Statutes as to tannine Leather, &c. insufficient.

Butchers shall not gash Hides, nor Tanner sell them if gashed.

II.

Calves shall not bo killed under Five Weeks old.

III. Butchers shall not be Tanners.

IV.

None shall be Tanners unless duly apprenticed,

&c.

Penalty, Loss of all Leather tanned.

V.

Regulations for liming and tanning of Skins and Hides.

A.D. 1562-3.

430

VI. None ahall tell tanned Leather except in open Fair or Market, nor until duly searched and scaled.

VII. Tanners shall not be Shoemakers, kc.

vm.

Tanners shall not tan Bull Hides, Horsehides, nor Sheep Skins.

IX.

None shall buy Raw Hides, except Tanners.

X.

None shall buy Leather, except Artificers at Lcadenhall, &c.

XI.

Oaks shall be felled only in April, May, and June.

5° Eliz. c. 8.

and that in colde Water onely, and Wooses made of colde Water and Oken Barck onely, w"out any Mixture of any other thing or thinges; Nor shall by himselfe or by any other pson or psons, put any Hyde or Skiiie in any Tanne wooses or Licour made whot or warmed in any Fatt or Vessell to bee set or covered in any Tann Hill or otherwise, nor shall overlyme any Hides or Skinnes in the Lyme Pittes, nor shall put any Hides or Skinnes into any Tanne Fattes or Vesselles before the Lyme bee well and pfectly sokened and wrought out of them and every of them, nor shall suffer his or their Leather to bee layde or to hang or to lye wett in any Frost untill the same bee frosen, nor shall drye or parche the Leather withe the Heate of the Fyer or of the Sommer Sonne, nor shall tanne or cause to be tanned any Hide or Skinne being putrified rotten or taynted by long heng, either before the putting of it into the Lymes or after in the Water or Lycoure, or by any other meanes, nor shall negligently woorck the Hydes in the Wooses, nor shall not renue and make strong the Wooses as often as shalbe requisite, nor shall suffer the Hydes for utter Sole and Cloute Leather to lye in the Wooses any les time then Twelve Monethes at the least; and the Hydes for uper Leathers in lyke Wooses and lesse tyme than Nyne Monthes at the least, nor shall insufficiently or imperfectlye tanne any Hide or Skinne, nor shall tanne any [Oxe Hydes Steere Hides or Cowehides' ] but whole, w'^out cutting of any Bellyes c5monly called Wombes or Peeces from the same, (Hides for clouting Leather to bee cut into Three or Foure Bendes or Peeces overthwarte the whole Hide onelye excepte,) nor shall after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell next coming putto Sale any tanned Hyde or Skinne w* ys or shall bee rased in or by the tanning woorckmanship or otherwise, or by using any other Thing or Stuff, or in any other Sorte then by this Statute ys lymited and appointed, upon payne of forfeiture of every [Oxe Hide Steere Hide Cowehide or Skinne tanned used or putto sale cotrary to the true meaning of this pnte Acte, or the just value therof.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That from the Feast of Pentecoste next comyng, no pson or psons whatsoever shall put or cause to bee put to sale exchaunge or otherwise departe wlh any kinde of tanned Leather redd and unwrought but in open Fayre or Market, in the Places therfore comonly accustomed and therfore prepared, nor before the same bee searched and sealed according to the Lawes and Order in this Estatute hereafter mentioned, nor shall after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell next coming, putto sale exchange or otherwise depte wlh any tanned Leather redde and unwrought but sufficiently and well tanned and throughly dryed, nor shall put or cause to bee putto sale exchange or otherwise departe w"1 any [Oxe Hyde Steere Hyde1] or Cowe Hyde but onely whole without cutting any Bellies called Wombes or other peeces from yt, (Clouting Leather cut into Bendes as is aforesaid onely excepted,) before the same be searched and sealed ; upon payne of forfeiture for every Hide or Peece of Leather solde exchanged or otherwise departed w"1 contrary to the true meaning of this Acte syxe shillinges eight pens, and for every dosen of Calves Skinnes three shillinges foure pens, and the Hide or Hides Skin or Skinnes & Leather in any otherwise solde exchanged or bought or the value therof.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons using the Misterye of tanning of Leather by himself or by any other pson or psons from and after the said Feast of Pentecost, shall during that tyme that he shall use the said Misterie, occupie or use the Crafte or Misterie of a Shoemaker Curyo' Butcher, or of any Artyficer using or exercising cutting or working of Leather, upon payne to forfaite and lose all and every suche Hide and Hides Skinne and Skinnes so by them or any of them wrought or tanned during the tyme that he shall use the Mysterye or Crafte of tannyng aforesayd, or the just value therof.

It ys also enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson using the Misterye of tanning of Leather by himself or by any other pson or psons, shall after the Feast of S' John Baptist next coming, tanne any Bull Hide Horse Hyde or Shepe Skinne, or putto sale exchaunge or otherwise depart w,h any Horse Hide Bull Hide or Shepe Skinne tanned, upon payne to forfaite every suche Bull Hide Horse Hide or Shepe Skinne so tanned or putto sale, or the just value therof.

And be it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson or psons after the Feast of Pentecost nexte coming, shall bargayne buye make any Contracte for or bespeake any Roughe Hide or Calfes Skinnes in the Heere, but onely suche pson or psons as by vertue of this Acte may laufully use the Crafte or Mysterye of tanning of Leather & shall tanne the same, or suche pson or psons as shall tawe the same, (except Salt Hides for the necessarye use of Shipes,) upon paine to forfeite and lose all and every suche Hides & Skinnes so bought or the just value therof.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That no pson or psons shall or may after the Feast of Pentecost next edming bye bargayne bespeake or take promys to have any tanned Leather, not wrought and converted into made Wares, but onely suche pson and psons as will and shall woorck and convert the same Leather into made Wares, upon paine of forfeyture of the Leather so bought or the value therof: Provided alwais and be it enacted, That all and every Artificer and other pson and psons using to convert tanned Leather into made Wares, aswell Stranger borne as other, may laufullye buy all kinde of tanede Leather, to make or convene the same into made Wares, at Leadenhall in London upon every Mundaye, the same being first dulie searched sealed and registered as ys hereafter lymited: Provided also, That Sadlers and Gyrdlers maye sell theyr Neckes and Shreddes of tanned Leather redd w'hout incurring any Payne or Forfeyture for the same.

And forasmuche as Barck ys nowe become scante by unreasonable felling of Oke out of Barkyng tyme, and therby the Tanners bee destitute of suche Barck as ys necessarye; Bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons shall from and after the Feast of Sainte Mighell Tharchangell next, fell or cause to be felled any Oken

1 Oxe Stcarc or Cowe Hydf O.

a Oxe Steare 0.

I

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 8.

431

4

a

At

I

ii

V

i

V IK

ii

A

W

4

I

4

ft

A

Ii

ii

n

it

ii

ii

ft

s

it

B

It

fcl

*1

A

i*

i

|!

I'

Trees meete to be barked, wher the Barck ys woorthe twoo shillinges a Cart lode over and above the chardg of Barking and Pilling, (Tymber to be emploied or bestowed in or about building or reparac6ns of Houses Shipes or Milles or any of them onely except,) but betwixt the first day of Aprill & the last daye of June, upon paine of forfeiture of every suche Oken Tree so felled or the doble value therof.

XII.

And for the better preservac&n of Tymber whiche by the takers of Tymber ys spoyled, throughe the gredye desyre purveyors shall of Gayne of the Loppes Toppes or Barck of Tymber Trees; Bee it therfore enacted, That no Taker or Takers ^arkk^TimJ.'and Purveio' or Purveio" of Tymber or his or their Deputie or Deputies, shall fell or cause to be felled for thuse of the shall not take Lops, Quenes Ma* her Heires or Successoures, any Oken Timber Tree or Trees mete to be barked, but in barking time, Birk

(Trees to be felled for building or repairing of any her Ma" Houses or Shippes onelye except,) or shall in any wise take or receyve any maner of Profit Gaine or Comodirie by any Loppes Toppes or Bark of any Tree to be taken by them or any of them, or shall in any wise take carry away give sell or dispose from the Owner, any more of any Tree to bee taken as ys aforesaid then onely the Timber of the same Tree or Trees, to bee used and bestowed or emploied onely in upon or about the Queues Ma‘" Buildinges or Shippes; upon paine of forfeiture to the ptie grieved for every Tree and for the Loppes Toppes or Barck of every Tree taken contrary to the meaning of this Article, fourtye shillinges: And that it shalbe laufull to the ptie of whom suche Tree or Trees shalbe taken, or to any other for and in his name, to retayne wll,holde take and kepe to himself all the Bark Loppe and Toppe of suche Tree or Trees;

Any C5mission or other Matter whatsoever notwithstanding.

And forasmuche as no Leather can bee so well tanned but yt maye bee marred in the curryeng; Bee it therfore enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That from and after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell nexte, no pson or psons shall currye any kinde of Leather in the House of any Shoemaker or other pson, but onelye in his owne House scituate in a Corporate or Market Towne, nor shall currye any kinde of Leather except it bee well and pfectly tanned, nor shall after the Feast of Pentecost next, currye any Hide or Skinne being not throughly drye after his wet Season, in wch wet Season he shall not use any stale uryne or any other deceiptfull or subtill mixture thing way or meanes to corrupt or hurt the same, nor shall currye any Leather mete for utter sole Leather w,h any other stuff then w'h harde Tallowe, nor w® any les of that then the Leather will receive, nor shall currye any kinde of Lether meete for over Leather & inner soles but w's good and sufficient stuff, being freshe and not salt, and throughly lycoured till it can receive no more, nor shall burne or skalde any Hide or Leather in the currieng, nor shall shave anye Leather to thinne, or shall gashe or hurt any Leather in the shaving or by any other meanes, but shall woorck the same sufficiently and substantially in all Pointes and Respectes; upon payne of forfeiture for every suche Offence or Acte done contrarye to the true meaning of this Ardcle (other [in '] gashing or hurting in shaving) sixe shillinges eight pens, and the value of every suche Skinne or Hide marred by his evell woorckmanship; and for every Offence to be done against this Article in gashing or hurting by shaving, doble so muche to the ptie grieved as the Leather shalbe empaired therby, by the jugtn1 of the Wardens of the Curriours and the Wardens of the Companie wherof the ptie grieved shalbee.

And be it further enacted, That no Cordwayner Shoemaker or other pson or psons, dwelling or inhabiting w"in the Citie of London or the Lybertie of the same, nor any pson or psons that nowe ys or hereafter shalbee free of the Citie of London dwelling w'hin three miles of the said Citie, and occupieng wet curried Leather in his Arte and Occupac&n, shall put or cause to be put any Leather to be curried but to suche pson & psons as be or shalbee free of the Company of the Curriers of the Citie of London, upon paine of forfeiture of all such curried Leather or the value therof.

And be yt further enacted, That no pson or psons shall by any meanes occupie or put in any made Wares w*in the Citie of London or thre miles of the same Citie, any curried Leather before the same shalbee searched and alowed by the Wardens of the Curriours of London for the time being, or suche psons as they shall therto assigne, and be sealed w* a Seale therfore to be prepared; upon paine that every Shoemaker and other Artificer cutter of Leather offending against this Article, shall for every Hide or Skinne otherwise curried or imploied as ys aforesaid, sixe shillinges eight pens and the value of every suche Hyde or Skinne.

And be it further enacted, That no pson occupieng the Feate or Mistery of a Curryour, shall use or exercyse the Feate or Misterye of a Tanner Cordwayner Shoemaker Butcher or other Artificer using cutting of Leather, during the rime that he shall so use or occupye the Misterye of a Curryour; upon payne of forfeyture of sixe shillinges eight pens for every Hyde or Skynne that he shall currye during the tyme that he shall occupye or use any of the Mysteries aforesayd contrary to the meaning of this Article.

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That no Curriour or Currioures using Tharte of currieng of Leather shall, after the Feast of Pentecost next, refuse to currye any Leather to him or them for that purpose brought by any suche Artificer as ys or shalbee a cutter of Leather, the same Artificer or his servante bringing w" him or them good and sufficient stuff as ys before mentioned for the pfect lycouring of the same Leather, and that the sayd Leather in the presence of the sayd Artificer Cutters of Leather his Servaunt or Servantes, yf hee or they will bee present, shalbee lycoured and curried in all Thinges and Degrees pfectly, and yf he or they will not bee present, yt shall nevertheles bee likewyse lycoured and curried in his or their Absence pfectly, and w,h as convenient Spede as maye bee, not exceding Fyve Days in the Somer and Tenne Days in the Winter, after he shall or may take yt in hande; upon payne to forfayte to the ptie grieved for every Hyde and Peece of Leather not in this manner curryed and well and spedely dressed Tenne Shillinges.

XIII.

Regulations for currying Leather.

XIV. Leather shall be curried in London, kc.only by Persona free of the Curriers Company.

XV.

Leather curried in London shall be searched and sealed.

XVI. Curriers shall not be Tanners. See.

XVII. Curriers shall not refuse to curry Leather, &c.

1 then 0.

Ilf

432

5° Eliz. c. 8.

j4.D.\562-3.

XVIM. Warden* of the Currier*shall search and leal all Leather curried in London.

XIX. Regulations for making of Shoes, &c. by Shoemakers.

Shoemakers shall not sell Shoe* on Sundays.

XX.

Four Searchers shall be appointed by the Mayor, ice. of London to examine all Shoe* and Leathern Wares.

XXL Mayor, &c. of London shall appoint Searchers and Staler of Leather at Leadenhall.

XXII.

How Searchers and Sealers shall be appointed in other Daces than London.

tty Go

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the [Warden' ] of the Curriours for the tyme being, or suche psons as they shall assigne or appointe (being thereunto required) shall from time to time searche and trye all suche curried Leather as shalbee brought to any of their Company to be curried, and shall w"" a Seale therfore to be prepared w"1 convenient Spede, not exceading one Day after the currieng and request made, seale suche Leather as they shall finde sufficiently curried, taking for every Hyde so sealed after the Rate of One Peny for the Dicker, and for every Six Dozen of Calves Skinnes One Peny and not above, to be payde by the Curriour; upon payne of forfeiture for every Hide whiche shall not be searched and sealed as vs aforesaid Syxe Shillinges Eight Pens.

And forasmuche as Leather well tanned and curried may by the Negligence Disceipte or evill Woorckmanship of the Cordeweyner or Shoemaker be used disceptfully, to the Hurte of the Occupyer or Wearer of yt, Bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson or psons wch after the sayd Feast of Pentecost shall occupie the Misterie or Occupac&n of (‘) Cordeweyner or Shoemaker, shall make or cause to bee made any Bootes Buskins Shoes Stertuppes Slyppers or Pantofles, or any pte of them, of Englishe Leather wet curried, (other then Deeres Skinnes Calves Skinnes or Goates Skinnes made or dressed, or to bee made or dressed lyke unto Spanishe Leather,) but of Leather well and truely tanned and curried in maner and fourme above specified, or of Leather well and truley tanned onely, and well and substantially sewed wth good threede well twysted and made, and sufficiently waxte w,b Waxe well rosened, and the stitches harde drawen w* Handleathers as hathe been accustomed, wV>ut mingling or mixing of Overleathers, that ys to saye, parte of the Overleather being of Neates Lether, and pte of Calves Leather ; nor shall put into any pte of any Shoes Bootes Buskinnes Startuppes Slyppers or Pantofles, any Leather made of a Sheepe Skinne Bull Hyde or Horse Hyde, nor into thupper Leather of any Shoes Startuppes Slyppers or Pantofles, or into the nether pte of any Bootes, (the inner Sole and Heele of the Shoe onely except,) any pte of any Hide from w" the Sole Leather ys cutt called the Wombe Neck Shanck Flancke Poll or Cheek, nor shall put into thutter Sole any other Leather then the best of the Oxe or Steere Hyde, nor into the inner Sole, any other Leather then the Wombes Neck Poll or Cheek, nor in the Threswelles of the doble soled Shoes other then the Flanckes of any of the Hides aforesaid ; nor shall make or putto Sale in any yere, bet wen the last of September and the twentithe of Aprill, any Shoes Bootes Buskinnes Startuppes Slippers or Pantofles wherin any drye Englishe Leather shalbee, meete for any pson to weare, exceeding thage of Foure Yeres, (other then Calves or Goates Skinnes made or dressed, or to bee made and dressed like unto Spanishe Leather, or any pte therof;) nor shall shewe (to thintent to putto sale) any Shoes Bootes Buskines Startuppes Slippers or Pantofles upon the Sundaye before the Dyvyne Service (used in the Forenone) be doone and ended ; upon payne of forfeiture for every payre of Shoes Bootes Buskinnes Startuppes Slippers or Pantofles made solde shewed or putto Sale contrary to the true meaning of this Acte, Three Shillinges and foure Pens, and the just and full value of the same.

And bee it further enacted for the true execution of this Estatute, That the Mayo' of the Citie of London, and the Aldermen of the same for the tyme being, or the more part of them, upon payne to forfaite Fourtye Poundes for every yere that they make Defaulte, (thone half wherof to bee to the Quenes MaUe her Heires and Successoures and thother Half to him or them that will sue for the same,) shall yerely appoynte Foure or more expert psons by their Discretions to bee Searchers, whoo shall bee sworne before the said Maio' and Aldermen for the tyme being, to doo their Office truely, whiche said Searchers shall by vertue of this Acte, foure times in the yere at the least, that ys to saye, once every Quarter of a Yere or oftener, if nede requyre, as they shall thinck good, make true searche and veiwe of and for all Bootes Buskinnes and other Wares and Thinges whatsoever made of tanned Leather, in all and every House and Houses Place and Places, aswell w,hin the said Citie and Suburbes therof as in every other Place w,hin Three myles of the same Citie where any Shoemaker Saddler Girdler, or other Artificer using cutting of Leather, dothe or shall dwell or occupie any of thoccupacons of cutting of Leather; and after every suche Searche and Viewe to make true Presentment in writing before the said Mayo' and Aldremen for the tyme being, of every Defaulte that they or any of them shall finde in the making selling or putting to sale of any Bootes Buskins Statuppes Shoes Brydles Sadies or other Thinges Stuffe or Ware made of Leather, contrary to the true meaning of this Estatute.

And bee yt further enacted, That the sayd Maior of the said Citie of London, and Aldremen for the tyme being, upon lyke payne lykewise to bee levyed and imployed, shall likewise yerely appoint foure or more other skilfull expert and honest parsones, wherof one shalbe a Sealer, and kepe a Seale for the sealing of Leather to bee prepared, who shall also bee sworne before the said Maior and Aldermen for the tyme being, to doo their Office trulye, whiche said Searchers and Sealer shall vieu & searche all and every tanned Hide Skyn [of1 ] Leather wch shalbee brought aswell to the Markett at Leaden Hall as to any other laufull Faire or Markett therfore usually appointed, w^in three Myles of the said Citie, [whither' ] the same be well and sufficiently tanned according to the Purporte and true Meaning of this Estatute or no ; and finding yt sufficiently and well tanned in suche maner and fourme as by this Estatute ys appoynted, and as yt ought to bee, shall seale the same withe the sayd Seale for that Purpose to bee provided and prepared.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That all other Maio" Bailiefes and other Heade Officers for the Time being in all other Cities Bourghes and Market Townes of this Realme, and all Lordes of Lyberties Faires and Marketes out of the Circuite or Compas of the said Three Myles, shall upon like payne of Fourty poundes, lykewyse to bee levyed and employed every yere that they make Defaulte herein, appointe and swere yerely twoo three or more psons of the most honest and skilfull men w"‘in their severall Offices or Liberties, by their discretion to searche and viewe wu,in the Precincte of their said Offices Lyberties and Authorities, wch shall as often as nede shalbee or they thinck good, make like Searche w,hin their Lymites, and shall have a Marck or Seale prepared for that purpose; and that the said Searchers, or one of them, shall kepe the same Seale or Marck, and w,h the same shall seale or

> Wardens 0.

• or O.

* whether 0.

A.D. 1562-3. 5° Eliz. C. 8.

marck suche Leather as they shall finde sufficient, and [none1] other ; And yf the said Searchers or any of them, doo finde any Leather solde, or offred to bee solde, or brought to bee searched or marcked, insufficiently tanned, or insufficiently curryed, or any Bootes Buskins Shoos Startupps Slippers Brydles Sadies or any other Thing made of tanned or curryed Leather, insufficiently tanned curried or wrought contrary to the [trewe*] meaning of this Estatute, it shalbee laufull to the said Searchers, or any of them, to sease as forfaited all suche Leather Shoos and Wares made of Leather, and to retayne the same in theyr Custodye untill the same bee tryed by syxe expert Men appoynted by suche Mayor Baylief or other Head Officer, or Lorde of Lybertie or his sufficient Deputie w'ln whose Precinctes or Liberties suche Seysour shall happen to bee; the same Tryall to bee w""in Fiftene days after suche Seysure at the furthest, upon thothes of the sayd Tryors.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That all redd tanned Leather wd‘ shalbee brought into the Citie of London, (whether yt bee to bee solde or bee bought before Hande or no,) shalbee brought to Leaden Hall before yt bee housed in his or their owne Houses, and there viewed whether it hathe bene searched or sealed or no, and shall also bee registred by the Searchers to be appointed as ys aforesaid, w" half such Fees therfore to be pa yd as ys hereafter expressed for Leather to bee solde in Leadon Hall, upon payne that every parson housing or not bringing his Leather to Leaden Hall as ys aforesaid, shall forfaite for every Hyde or Skinne Sixe Shillinges eight pens. Provided that this Article shall not extende to any Leather to bee bought in Bartilmewe Fayre or Southewarck Markette, being searched sealed and registeredd according to the true meaning of this Act.

And also bee yt further enacted, That yf any pson will after the said Feast wilfully w^stande or denye any suche Searche to bee made according to the tenour of this Acte as ys aforesayd, or will not suffer the said Searchers so appointed to enter his or their House or Houses or other Place to viewe and search at their Will and Pleasure all manner of tanned Leather and all maner of Shoes Bootes Males Sadies and all maner of Wares wrought and made or to bee wrought and made of Leather, and to sease and carrye awaye all suche Leather Shoes and Wares as they shall finde insufficiently tanned curried or wrought, or made of evill stuff; that then all and every suche person and parsones so denyeng and withestandyng and not suffryng the sayd Searchers or any of them so swome and appointed for the time being to enter and make Searche and sease as ys aforesayd shall lose and forfayte for everye tyme so denieng and withestanding, fyve powndes.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf the psons so to bee appointed for the several Searches of Leather and Wares made of Leather as is aforesaid, doo refuse w* convenient spede to seale Leather sufficientlye tanned or doo make defaulte in their Searche, or doo alowe that wth shalbee insufficiently tanned curried or wrought contrary to the true meaning of this Acte; or shall either for corruption or affection, conceale the [defaultes1] or any of them founde in that behalf, that then the Maior Bailifes Lordes of Lyberties and other psons w* by vertue of this Acte shall appoint suche Searchers and Seallers, shall forfaite and lose for every suche Default and Offence, fourtye shillinges; The moietie of whiche forfeiture shalbee to our Sovereigne Lady the Quene her Heyres and Successoures, and thother moietie to him or them that will sue for the same in any the Quenes Ma'" Ccurtes of Recorde by Bill Playnt Informacbn or otherwise.

And Forasmuche as hertofore great deceipt hathe beene used in cutting of the Wombes from the Backes, for that the Tanner did not cutt off so muche as was meete but lefte more to the Back, wherof utter sole Leather was made, thenne was convenient and meete; And forasmuche also as yf the Curryour shoulde currye the whole Hyde together, the Shoemaker might then put that parte of the Hyde called the Wombes into utter sole Leather, wA ys meete but for the inner sole Leather, to the great deceipte and damage of the wearer of Shoos Bootes or other stuffe made by the Shoomaker or Cordeweyner; Bee it therfore enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That suche psons as shalbee so appointed Searchers or Sealers as ys aforesaid shall, after the true tanning and before the currieng of any Leather brought to be searched and sealed as ys aforesaid, by their discretions cut of so muche of the Hyde truely tanned to be solde to a Shoemaker Cordeweyner or Cobler into Wombes as they shall by their Othes thinck unmeete to make utter sole Leather of, upon payne that the Shoemaker Cordeweyner or Cobler shall forfaite for every suche Hide not cut as is aforesaid three shillingf and foure pens.

And be it further enacted, That suche pson and psons as hereafter shalbee assigned and appointed Searchers & Sealers of tanned Leather by vertue of this Acte shall w,hin the Limittes and Precinctes of every of their Searches, kepe one Booke or Register wherin they shall enter all suche Bargaynes as shalbe made for Leather Hides or Skinnes by any pson or psons during and by all the tyme of the Fayer or Market, being thereto required by the byer or the seller, and also the pryces of suche Leather bought and solde, w"1 the Names and Dwelling Places of the byer and seller; taking for his and their payne and travell therin, to be taken aswell for the sealing of suche Leather and cutting of the Wombes as ys aforesaid, as for registring therof, of the Seller of every Dicker of Leather so entredd, two pens and so after the Rate, and for every sixe dozen of Calves Skinnes twoo pens, and of the Byer after the same Rate and no more or greater some or somes of Money to bee payde for entring of the same, upon payne of forfeiture for not entring and registring or not cutting of of the Wombes as ys aforesaid for every Dicker of Leather, Three shillinges foure pens, and for every dozen of Calves Skihes Three shillinges foure pens, and so after [the*] Rate.

‘ noe 0.

• O. omits.

» faltf O.

4 that 0.

5 S

433

XXIII.

All red tanned Leather brought to London, shall be searched and scaled at Leadenhall.

Proviso for Bartholomew Fair, ft c.

XXIV. Penalty on obstructing Searchers, kc. jgj.

XXV.

Penalty on Neglect, kc. by Searchers, 40a.

XXVI. Searchers shall cut tanned Hides for outer Sole Leather.

XXVII. Searchers shall register Sales of Leather;

Their Fees.

Gou

434

5° Eljz. c. B.

AJJ.1562-H.

XXVIII. None sh>U sell tanned Leather, unless so registered.

XXIX. None shall buy Leather, until searched, sealed, and registered.

XXX. Wombs shall be cut off before sold to Shoemakers,&c.

XXXI. Penalty of £$ on Wardens of Sadlers, Curriers, &c. for Insufficiency of Work by Artificers under their Survey.

XXXII.

All Leather Wares shall be sold in London in open Market.

XXXIII. Artificers of Leather in London shall be under Survey of their Companies.

XXXIV. Application of all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That no pson or psons after the first day of Maye nextexommyng, shall sell exchaunge or put awaye or cause to bee solde exchaunged or put awaye any manner of tanned Leather redde and unwrought, except hee or they register or cause to bee registredd the said tanned Leather and every parte and parcell therof and the pryce therof, upon payne of forfeyture of the value of the Leather so solde exchaunged or put awaye and not registredd.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That it shall not bee laufull to or for any pson or p6ons to bye any tanned Leather before the same shall bee searched and sealed, nor to carrye or cause to bee carryed out of the Fayre or Marcket any Leather untill yt bee registredd as is aforesaid, upon payne to forfaite the said Leather or the value therof so bought and not searched and sealed or carried awaye and not registreud.

And bee yt further enacted, That no Cordewayner Shoemaker or Cobler shall carrye or cause to bee carryed any Oxe or Steere Hydes tanned wherof any sole Leather shalbee cutt, out of any [Fayre1] or Marcket whole, before the Wonibes bee cut of as ys aforsaid, upon payne of forfeyture for every Hyde otherwise carryed out of the same Fa ire or Market, syxe shillinges eight pens and the Hide, or the value therof.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any Currier w,hin the said Citie of London or three miles compas, after the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell next, doo currye any Leather insufficiently tanned, or after the said Feast next doo not currye suche Leather as hee dothe or shall currye substantially and well according to the meaning and purporte of this Acte; Or yf any Shoemaker Cordweyner or Cobler w^in the Citie of London or three myles compas of the same, after the sayd Feast of S' Mighell Tharchangell nexte, put any tanned Leather into any Shoes Bootes Buskins Startuppes Slippers Pantofles or other Thinges made of tanned Leather wch shall not bee well and pfectly tanned according to the purport and true meaning of this Acte, or after the sayd Feaste doo put any curried Leather into any Bootes Buskins Startuppes Shoes Slippers Pantofles or other thinges made of Leather w* shall not bee well and sufficiently tanned and curried and also sealed as ys aforesaid, or doo make Bootes Buskins Shoos Startuppes Slyppers Pantofles or other thinges made of [Leather Englishe tanned1] in other maner then ys above specyfied and ordeyned ; Or yf any Shoemaker Sadler or other Artificer using cutting or working of Leather, doo make any Wares of any tanned Leather insufficiently tanned, and of tanned or curryed Leather being not sufficiently tanned and curried as ys aforesaid, or doo not make their Wares belonging to their severall Occupatyons sufficiently and substantially, That then the Wardens of every of the said Companies of Sadlers Curriors Shoemakers and other Artificers using and exercising cutting of tanned Leather for the tyme being, shall forfaite and lose for every suche Defalte and Offence to bee comitted or done by any pson or psons under their Order Surveye or Searche, Fyve Poundes.

(s) Provided alway and bee yt enacted, That no maner of pson or psons after the said Feast of S* Mighell shall utter or sell or cause to bee uttered or solde w"‘ir, the said Citie of London or w,hin three miles compas of the same, any maner of Wares apperteyning to the Crafte or Mysterye of any Artificer using cutting of Leather, but onely in open Shoppe common Fayer or Market, wherby the saide Wardens may have the true searche of the same in advoyding the Penalties upon them by this Acte set, upon payne of forfaiture of all suche Wares so solde, and tenne shillinges for every tyme.

Provided alwaye and be yt enacted, That all and every Artificer dwelling or inhabiting or wch hereafter shall dwell or inhabyte w‘hin the Citie of London or three myles compas of the same, using or exercising anny Manuell Occupaf&n of cutting or worcking of Leather into made Wares, shall contribute paye and bee under the survey and searche of the Wardens of suche Companies of the said Citie of London as Thartificers comonly using the like Occupad&n being Free men of the same Citie of London and of the same Companye bee, touching and concerning onely their Wares and Stuff made of or w,h Leather, in like manner and fourme as other Free men of the same Companye dothe to the Wardens of their Companye w,hin the sayd Citie.

Ai.l wth Paynes Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid of somes of Money aforesaid (except suche Paines Penalties and Forfeitures as arr before or hereafter by this Acte shall otherwise be disposed) shalbee devided into three equall partes; One parte wherof shalbe to our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene her Heires and Successoures, and another pte to him or them that shall first sue for the same in any of the Courtes of Recorde of the Quenes Ma,ic her Heires and Successoures, by Action of Debte Bill Plaint Information or otherwise, in wc" Suite no Wager of Lawe or Essoigne shalbe admitted or alowed; And the thirde parte therof shall goe to the Citie Bourghe Towne or Lorde or Lordes of Lyberties where Thoffence shalbe cdmitted or done: And all suche Leather Shoes Bootes Buskins Startuppes Slippers Pantofles Wares Stuff and other Thinges whatsoever made of tanned Leather or curried Leather, wc‘ shalbe seased by vertue of this Acte, or shalbe founde insufficiently wrought tanned or curried and declared by this Acte to be forfeited and shalbee seased by the said Searchers or any other pson finding the faulte therof, shalbee distributed as hereafter ensuethe; That ys to saye, suche Leather or Stuff so seased w‘hin the Citie of London or w^in three miles compas of the same to bee brought to the Guyldehall in London, there to bee praised by indifferent psons, and the value therof to be devided into three partes, wherof one parte’to bee to the first Seaser and Seasers of the said unlaufull Stuff, and another parte to thuse of the Chamber of London, and thother parte to be distributed to the poore Folkes, aswell being w^in the newe Hospitall of S' Bartilmews in London as to suche poore Householders as shalbe

1 Fayrcs O.

a Erglyshe tanned Leather O.

’ This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 8.

435

inhabyting w"in the Citie of London or the Circuite aforesaid, at the discretions of suche psons as the Maior of the same Citie and Foure Aldremen of the same for the tyme being, shall appointe for the same; And that all suche Leather Bootes Shoes Sadies Wares Stuff and Thinges made of or w* Leather as is aforesaid, w* shalbe found w"in any other Citie Bourghe Towne or Place wuin this Realme out of the said Citie of London and Three Miles Compas, unsufficiently wrought tanned or curried as ys aforesaid, and shalbee seased and taken as forfeited, shalbe brought to the C5mon Hall of every suche Citie Burghe and Towne, or to some convenient and open place to bee appointed by the Lorde of the Lybertie or his Deputie, where no Comon Hall ys, there to bee praysed as ys aforesaid, one parte of the said Value therof to bee disposed unto the Poore, and in other Dedes of Charitee in those pries, after the discretion of the Maiors Bailiefes Head-boroughes and Lordes of Lyberries, another pte to bee delyvered to the Maiors Bailiefes and other Head Officer of any Citie Bourghe or Towne Corporate, to thuse of the Comynaltie of suche Citie Bourghe or Towne Corporate; And wher no such Officers bee, then to the Lorde or Lordes of the Libertie where any suche Forfeiture shalbee comitted or Seisure had, and the thirdde pte to the first Seiser or Seyseres of suche Leather Stuff or Wares insufficiently tanned curried or wrought as ys aforesaid for his and theyr paynes : Provided always, that no pson to whom any suche unlaufull Leather or Stuffe shalbe yeven by this Acte, shall gyve or sell any suche Leather or Stuff to anny person or persones that shall sell the same, upon payne that the Buyer shall forfayte for every parcell of suche unlaufull Leather or Stuff to bee solde contrary to the true meaning of this last Clause, Three Shillinges Foure Pens.

Provided alway that this Acte nor any thinge therin conteined, shall not in any wise bee prejudicial! or hurtefoll to the Chauncello" Vicechauncelo" Procto" Taxors and Scolers, their Officers Ministers Assignes or Fermors of the Universities of Oxforde or Cambridge, or any of them, of for or concerning thaucthoritee of Searche of tanned Leather, or any of the Forfeitures of the same, w* they laufolly hadde or might have hadd before the making of this pnte Acte; so as they doo in all thinges observe suche order in aboute or for searching sealing and registring of Leather, as by this Acte is prescribed and appointed, upon the paynes herein conteined; Any thinge herein conteined to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

And for thavoyding of all Ambyguiries and Doubtes w* maye and doo grow upon the Definition and Interpretation of this Woorde Leather, it ys enacted and declared by these pntes, That the Hydes and Skinnes of Oxe Steere Bull Cowe Calfe, Deere Redd and Fallowe, Goates and Sheepe, being tanned or tawed, and every Salte Hide, ys shalbe and ever hathe been reputed and taken for Leather.

And for the better execution of this pnte Acte, Bee yt further enacted, That all Justices of Assise Justices of Gaole Delyverye Justices of Peace and Stewardes of Fraunchises Leetes and Lawe Days w^in their severall Precynctes Jurisdice&ns and Lyberries, and [Maior of London for the tyme being w^n the said Citie and w'"in Three Myles Compas of the same Citie, and all other Maiors Bailiefes and other Heade Officers of Cities Bourghes and Townes, within theyr severall Jurisdice&ns Lyberries Precinctes Offices and Authorities, shall esquire of all the Premisses in their Sessyons Leete or Lawedaye and heare and determine the same, and also by their discretyons examyne all psons suspected toffende this Acte or any parcell therof.

And bee it further enacted, That where any Manor Lybertie or Fraunches immediatly apperteinethe or shall apperteyne to the Quenes Ma'", her Heires or Successoures, the Stewarde for the tyme beyng of every suche Mano', Lybertie and Franches, shall have the lyke Authorities Powers Jurisdice&ns and Advauntages, and also shall beare and paye all the lyke Paynes Penalties and Forfeitures, as are given appointed lymitted or layde by this Estatute to or upon the Lordes of Lyberries and Frauncheses as in this Estatute ys expressed.

And bee yt declared and enacted, That all currieng and dressing of Leather, comonly called drye curryeng & freesing, shalbe construed to bee dressing and currieng after the Maner of Spanishe Leather, of what Colour soever it bee, and that to all Artificers, (other then Shoemakers, yerely betwen the last of September and the Twenrithe of Aprill,) yt shalbe laufull tu.se all kindes of Leather dressed and curried in that Manner of drye currieng and freesing, as they laufolly might before the making of this Acte, so that the same Leather so to bee used be well and sufficiently tanned according to the fourme prescrybed in this Acte and also well and substantially dressed curried and freesed in the kinde of drye currieng and freesing abovesayd.

And bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That this Acte and every part therof shalbee construed & adjudged to extende to Wales, as amplye as it doth to this Realme of Englande, to all Internes Construcc&ns and Purposes.

And forasmuche as (notwithestanding the good Lawes and greate Penalties in that Behalfe provided) great Quantities of Leather arre dailye transported out of this Realme, and specially by the Negligence and Corruptyon of Comptrollers Customers Searchers and theyr Deputies; Bee it therfore enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That yf any Leather wrought cut or unwrought, to thintent to be solde or bartred, shall hereafter unlaufolly bee transported, or purposed to bee transported into the ptes beyonde the Sea, from and out of any Port Haven or Creek of this Realme or Wales, every Comptroller Customer Surveyour Collecto' of Tonnage and Pondage, and Searcher, and the Deputie of any of them, or any other pson hearing or knowing by any ways of any Leather meant to bee transported from any place w'hin his Office, and doo not his best endevour to sease the same, or being transported doo not disclose or cause

1 Maio'f O.

XXXV. Proriso for Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.

XXXVI. Definition of Leather.

XXXVII. Justice! of Peace, See. may determine Offences.

XXXVIII. Power of Steward of the Queen'! Manors, at to Penalties,Ac.

xxxtx.

Using of Leather dry-curried.

XL. Act extended to Wales.

XLI. Penalty on Officers permitting the undue Exportation of Leather, jftoo Firit Offence; and Lom of Office for the Second.

436

5° Eliz. c. 8, 9.

A.D. 1562-3

XLII.

Penalty on false Certificates, ition.

XLIII.

Act shall not extend to Scotch Hides brought to Berwick, and there registered.

XLIV.

The following Acts repealed, viz.

25E.ITI. st.a. c.4. 13R.II. st.i. c. 12. 4H.IV. c.35.

2 H. VI. Ca 7. 4E.1v. C.7.

1 H.VII. C.J.

19 H. VII. c. 19.

3 H. VIII. c. 10.

5 H. VIII. c.7.

14,15H.VIH.C.9. 22 H.VIII. c.6. 24 H.V'III. Ca la

2 & 3 E.VI. c. 9.

j & 6 E.VI. c. 15.

*6.

1 Eliz. cc. 8, 9.

to bee disclosed the same, w,hin fourty dayes next after suche knowledge or hearing the same, in some Courte of Recorde, 60 as thoffendor may bee punished according to the Lawes in that Case provided, shall for every the first Offence comitted against this Article, forfaite One Hundrethe Powndes, and for the Seconde Offence shall forfaite his Office.

And bee it further enacted, That every Customer Officer or Officers deputie that shall make any false Certificat of tharrvyall of any Leather in any Porte Creek or Place of this Realme, shall also forfaite for every suche Offence, One Hundrethe Powndes.

Provided alwaye, That neither this Acte nor any Article Exposition nor Thing therein conteined shall extende to any Scottishe Hydes to bee brought into the Towne of Barwyke out of the Realme of Scotlande, being registredd in a Book therfore to be kepte by suche pson or psons as the Mayo' of the said Towne for the tyme being shall theronto name and appointe, w,h the name and surname of the Buyer and Seller, to thintent Thenglishe Hides maye bee knowen from the Scotyshe, but that thinhabitantes of the sayd Towne of Barwick maye sende carrye and transporte suche Scottishe Hydes as they laufuily might transporte before the making of this Acte.

And forasmuche as the Statutes heretofore made touching Cordeweyners Curriours Tanners and Leather have been throughly consyderyd, and so much of them and every of them as semethe requisite and necessarie to bee revived and continued ys inserted and enacted in this pnte Acte: Bee it therfore enacted, That the Statutes hereafter mentioned; that ys to saye. One Statute made in the Fyve and Twentithe yere of King Edwarde the Thirde, the fourthe Chapter; And one other Statute made in the [Twelfthe1] yere of the Reigne of King Richarde the Seconde, the twelfthe Chapter ; And one other Acte or Statute made in the Fourthe yere of King Henrye the Fourthe, the five and thirtithe Chapter; And one other Acte made in the Seconde yere of King Henry the Sixthe, the seventhe Chapter ; And one other Acte made in the Fourthe yere of King Edwarde the Fourthe, intitled Cordwainers and Coblers; And one other Acte made in the First yere of King Henry the Seventhe, intitled An Acte against Tanners and Cordwayners; [And one other ’J Acte made in the [Ninthe'] yere of the Reigne of the said King Henry the Seventhe, intitled For Curriours and Cordewayners; And [one other'] Acte made in the Thirde yere of the Reigne of oure late Sovereigne Lord King Henry Theight, intituled An Acte for Curriers to have Searche of Leather; [One other’] Acte made in the Fifthe yere of our Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, entitled An Acte for Strangers for buyeng of Leather in open Market; [One other’] Acte made in the Fourtene or xv"> yeres of our said late Sovereigne Lorde, entituled An Acte concerning the Libertie of Cordewayners and Shoemakers; And one other Acte made in the Two and twentithe yere of our said Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, intitled An Acte concerning Tanners and Butchers ; And one other Acte made in the xxiiij’1* yere of our said late Sovereigne Lorde King Henry Theight, intitled An Acte concerning true tanning and currieng of Leather; And one other Acte made in the Seconde and Thirde yeres of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, the ninthe Chapter, and revived in the First yere of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"c, intituled An Acte for true currieng of Leather ; One other Acte made in the Thirde and Fourthe yeres of our said Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, intituled An Acte for buieng of Roughe Hydes and Calves Skinnes ; And asmuche of an Acte made in the Fifthe and Sixthe yeres of oure said late Sovereigne Lorde King Edwarde the Sixthe, intituled An Acte against regrating of tanned Leather, as dothe provide or gyve libertie to any persone or psons to carry over any Shoes Bootes Buskinnes Startuppes Slippers and other made Wares to the Towne of Callice; And one other Acte made in the First yere of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"% intituled An Acte touching Shoemakers and Curriers; And one other Acte made in the said First yere, intituled An Acte touching selling of tanned Leather ; shall from and after the said Feast of S’ Mighell nexte edming bee utterly repealed.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the Punyshement of suche persones as shall procure or comit any wyllfull Perjurye.

Recital of Statute 3aH.VIII. c.9.$3. against suborning 0? Witnesses

WHERE in the Parlyament holden at Westminster in the two and thyrtythe yere of the Reigne of the late Kyng of famous Memorye Kyng Henrye Theight, emongst other Thinges yt was ordeyned enacted and established, that no pson or psons of what Estate Degree or Condic&n soever he or they were, shoulde from thensforthe unlawfully subome any Witnessor Witnesses by Ires Rewardes Promyses or by any other synister Labour or Meanes, for to mayntayne any Matter or Cause, or to the Disturbance or Hynderance of Justice, or to the Procurement or occasion of any maner of Perjurye by false Verdict or otherwise in any of the Kinges Courtes of the Chancerye the Starre Chamber the White Hall or elswhere w,hin any the Kinges Dominions of Englande or Wales, or the [Marches’] of the same, where any pson or psons have or from thensforthe shoulde have aucthoritee by vertue of the Kinges Commission Patent or Wryt to holde Plee of Lande or texamine heere or determine any Title of Landes, or any Matter or Witnesses concerning the Title Right or Interest of any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, upon payne of Forfeiture for every suche Offence Ten Poundes, thone Moietie therof to bee to the King, and thother to the ptie that would sue for the same ; as by the same Estatute amongs divers other Thinges more playnely yt dothe appeare : Sithence the making wherof for that the said Penaltie ys so small towardes thoffendoures in that Behalf, the said Offence of Subornation and sinister Procurement of false Witnesshathe nevertheles greatly encreased and augmented, and by reason of the wilfull Pjurie committed by the same suborned Witnesses, divers and sundry of the Quenes Ma1" Subjectes have susteyned Disherison ande greate Impoverishment, aswell of their Landes and Tenementes as also of

1 So in Original Act, erroneously.

5 an other 0.

5 rushes O.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 9.

437

a

ti

I

a

I

U

I

t

h

H

b

a

it

n

V

k

k

n

ii

k>

H

U

01

*1

li-

ft

ii

kl

I*

Ok

if

k>

s#

their Goodes and Cattelles: Bee it therfore enacted by our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene, by thassent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthorite of the same, That all and every suche pson and psons wd‘ at any tyme after the Tenthe Daye of Aprill next coming, shall unlaufully and corruptly procure any Wytnes or Wittnesses, by Lettres Rewardes Promises or by any other synister and unlaufull Labour or Meanes whatsoever, to comitte any wilfull and corrupte Perjurye in any Matter or Cause whatsoever nowe depending, or wdl hereafter shall depende in sute and varyance by any Writ Action ByII Complaynt or Information in any wise touching or concerning any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, or any Goodes [Cattles' ] Debtes or Damages in any of the Courtes before mentioned, or in any of the Quenes Ma"- Courtes of Recorde, or in any Leete (*) Viewe of Franke Pledge or Lawedaye Auncyent Demeane Courte Hundredcourte Court Baron, or in the Courte or Courtes of the Stannerye in the Counties of Devon and Comewall, or shall lykewise unlaufully and corruptly procure or suborne any Witnessor Witnesses w"1 shall from and after the said Tenthe Daye of Aprill be swome to testifie In perpetuam rei memoriam, that then every suche OfTendour or Offendoures shall for his hers or their said Offence, being therof laufully convicted or attaynted, lose and forfaite the some of Fourtye Powndes; And yf yt happen any suche Offendour or Offendours so being convicted or attainted as aforesayd not to have any Goodes or Cattles Landes or Tenementes to the value of xl Ii. that then every suche pson so being convicte or attaynted of any thoffences aforesayd shall for his or theyr said Offence, suffer Imprysonement by the Space of One Half Yere w^out Bayle or Mayneprise, and to stande upon the Pilorye by the Space of One whole Houre in some Market Towne next adjoyning to the Place where thoffence was comitted, in open Market ther, or in the Market Towne it self where the Offence was comitted; And that no pson or psons beyng so convicted or attaynted to bee from thensforthe received as a Witnessto bee deposed or sworne in any Courte of Recorde w,hin any of the Quenes Highnes Domynyons of Englande Wales or the Marches of the same, untill suche tymes as the Judgement gyven against the saide pson or psons shalbee reversed by Attainte or otherwise, and that upon every suche Reversall the pties greeved to recover his or their Damages, against all and everie suche pson and psons as dyd procure the said Judgement so reversed to bee first gyven against them or any of them, by Actyon or Actions to bee sued upon his or their Case or Cases according to the course of the Comon Lawes of this Realme.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons after the sayd tenthe daye of Apryll next coming, either by the Subomatyon unlaufull Procurement synister Persuatyon or Meanes of any others, or by their owne Acte Consent or Agreament, wilfully and corruptlie commit any maner of wilfull Perjurye by his or their deposition in any of the Courtes before mentioned, or being examined Ad perpetuam rei memoriam, that then every pson and psons so offending and being therof dulye convicte or attainted by the Lawes of this Realme, shall for his or their said Offence lose and forfaite twentye powndes, and to have imprisonement by the space of vj monethes w^out Bayle or Maineprise, and Thothe of suche p6on or psons so offending from thensforthe not to bee receyved in any Courte of Recorde w,hin this Realme of Englande or Wales or the Marches of the same, untyll suche tyme as the Judgem' gyven against the said pson or psons shalbee reversed by Attaynte or otherwise: And that upon everye suche Reversall the pties greeved to recover his or their Damages against all and every suche pson and psons as dyd procure the said Judgement so reversed to bee gyven against them or any of them by Actyon or Actyons to bee sued upon his or their Case or Cases according to the course of the Comen Lawes of this Realme: And yf yt happen the saide Offendour or Offendours so offending not to have any Goodes or [Cattelles' ] to the value of xx Ii. that then he or they to bee sett on the Pillorye in some Market Place w"*in the Shiere Citie or Bourghe where the said Offence shalbee comitted, by the Shryf or his Ministers yf yt shall fortune to bee w'hout any Citie or Towne Corporate, and yf yt happen to bee w,hin any suche Citie or Towne Corporate then by the said Heade Officer or Officers of suche Citie or Towne Corporate or by his or their Ministers, and there to have bothe his Eares nay led, and fromthenceforthe to bee discredited and disabled for ever to bee sworne in any of the Courtes of Recorde aforesaid, untill suche time as the Judgem' shalbe reversed, and therupon to recover his Damages in maner and forme before mentioned ; Thone moietie of all w* somes of Money Goodes and [Cattelles1 ] to bee forfaited in maner and fourme aforesaid to bee to the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye her Heires and Successoures, and thother moitie to suche pson or psons as shalbe grieved hindered or molested by reason of any Thoffence or Offences before mentioned, that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Playnt Information or otherwyse in any of the Quenes Ma'1" Courtes of Recorde, in the wch no Wager of Lawe Essoigne Protection or Injunction to bee alowed.

And bee yt also enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That aswell the Judge and Judges of every suche of the said Courtes where any suche Suite ys or shalbee, and wherupon any suche Pjurie is or shall happen to be comitted, as also the Justices of Assises and Gaole Deliverie in their severall Circuites and the Justices of the Peace in every Countie w'hin this Realme or in Wales, at their Quarter Sessions bothe w"*in the Liberties and w,hout, shall have full power & aucthoritee by vertue hereof tenquire of all and every the Defaultes and Offences perpetrated comitted or done contrarie to this Acte, by Inquisition Presentement Bill or Informatyon before them exhibited, or otherwise laufullye to heare and determyne the same, and therupon to geve Judgement, awarde Proces and Execution of the same according to the course of the Lawes of this Realme.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the Justices of Assise of every Circuite w'ln this Realme and els where w,kin the Quenes Dominions, shall in every Countie w'hin their Circuites [twyse * ] in the yere, That ys to say, in tyme of their sittinges, make open Proclamation of this Estatute or of theffecte therof, to thintent no pson or psons shall bee ignorant or miscognisant of the Penalties herein conteyned.

1 Chattellf 0. : Courte 0. • two tymes 0.

5 T

Penalty on suborning of Witnesses, jf^o i

and in Default of Payment, Half a Year's Imprisonment and Pillory.

Offenders convicted disabled from being Witnesses until Reversal of Judgment, and Damages paid to the Party grieved.

II.

Penalty on Persons guilty of Perjury, j£lo. and Six Months' Imprisonment and Disability, fcc.

On Non-payment of Penalty, Pillory and Disability, Sic.

Application of Penalties.

III.

Judges of the several Courts, Justices of Peace, Sic. may determine Offences.

IV.

Act shall be proclaimed at all Assize*.

438

5° Eliz. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1562-3,

v.

Act shall not extend to the Spiritual Courti.

VI.

Penalty on all Witnesses neglecting to attend, £io. and Recompence to the Party-grieved.

VII. Proviso for the Power of the Lord Chancellor, See. in the Star-Chamber under il H. VII. c.25. and for President, &c. of Wales, kc.

Recital of Statute 21 H.VIII. c.7. for Punishment of Servants embezzling their Masters’ Goods;

Repealed by 'he general Words of i M. st. i. c.i. ♦ 3.

Recited Act 21 H. VIII. c. 7. revived and made perpetual.

Provided [alwayes,1 ] That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to any Spuall or Ecclesiasticall Courte or Courtes w^in this Realme of Englande or Wales or the Marches of the same ; but that all and everye suche Offendour or Offendours as shall offende in fourme aforesaid shall and maye bee punished by suche usuall and ordynarye Lawes as heretofore hathe been and yet ys used and frequented in the said Ecclesiasticall Courtes; Any thing in this pnte Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided also and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons upon whom any Proces out of any of the Courtes of Recorde wlhin this Realme or Wales, shalbee served to testefie or depose concerning any Cause or Matter depending in any of the same Courtes, and having tendred unt" him or them, according to his or their Countenance or Calling, suche reasonable somes of Moneye for his or their Costes and Chardges as having Regarde to the distance of the Places ys necessarye to bee allowed in that Behalfe, doo not appeare according to the tenour of the said Proces, having not a laufull and reasonable lett or impedyment to the contrarye, that then the ptie making defaulte to lose and forfeite for every suche Offence tenne pounds, and to yelde suche further Recompence to the ptie grieved as by the discretion of the Judge of the Courte out of the whiche the said Proces shalbee awarded, according to the losse and hindrance that the ptie wch procured the said Proces shall sustayne by reason of the non appaerance of the said Witnessor Witnesses; The said several! somes to bee recovered by the ptie so greeved against Thoffendo' or Offendo" by Acc&n of Det Bill Plaint or Informacbn in any of the Quenes Ma"‘ Courtes of Recorde, in wch no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Proteccftn to bee alowed.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not [in any wise extende*] to restraine the Power or Aucthoritee geven, by Acte of Pliament made in the tyme of King Henry the Seventhe, to the L. Chancellour of Englande and others of the Kinges Counsell for the tyme being, texamine and punishe Riottes heinous Pjuries and other Offences and Misdemeaninges; wch Lorde Chancello' and other sithens the making of the saide Acte, have most comonly used to heare and determyne suche Matters in the Courte at Westni comonly called the Starre Chamber; nor to restrayne the Power or Aucthorite of the Lorde Presydent and Coucell of the Marches of Wales or of the Lorde President and Coucell in the Northe, nor of any other Judge having absolute Power to punishe Perjurie before the making of this Estatute; but that they and every of them shall have and maye proceade in the Punishem' of all Offences heretofore punishable, in suche wise as they might have done and used to doo before the making of this Acte to all Purposes, so that they set not upon the Offendo' or Offendo" les Punishement then is conteined in this Acte. This Acte to continue unto the ende of the next Pliament.

CHAPTER X.

An Act to revyve a Statute made Anno xxj° H. Octavi, towching Servantes embeaselyng theyr Maysters Gooddes.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at London the thirde daye of November in the one and twentithe yere of the Reigne of the late King of most famous and worthy memory King Henry Theight, and fromthence adjourned to Westm, and there holden and continued by divers Prorogations unto the dissolution therof, It was ordeyned and enacted amongst other thinges, That all and singler Servantes to whom any Caskettes Juels Money Goodes or Catteles by his or their Mr or M" shoulde from thensforthe bee delyvered to kepe, that yf any suche Servant or Servantes withedrawe him or them from their said Maysters or Mastresses, and goo away wlh the said Kaskettes Juelles Money Goodes or Cattelles or any parte therof, to thintent to steale the same and defraude his or their said Masters and Mastresses therof, contrary to the Trust and Confidence to him or them put by his or their said M" and Mastresses; or els being in Service of his said Masters or Mastresses w>hout thassent or comaundement of his Masters or Mastresses embesyll the same Caskettes Juels Money Goodes or Cattelles or any parte therof, or otherwise convert the same to his owne use w,b like purpose to steale yt, that yf the sayde Caskettes Juels Money Goodes or Cattelles that any suche Servant shall go away wu or whiche he shall embesell w,h purpose to steale yt as ys aforesaid, bee of the value of fourtye shillinges or above. That then the same false fraudulent and untrewe Acte and Demeanour should fromthensforthe be demed and adjudged Felonye, and that he or they so offending shoulde bee punished as other Fellons for Felonye comitted by the course of the Comon Lawe; as by the sayd Acte amongst other Thinges therin conteyned more at large yt dothe and maye appeare: Whiche said Acte in the Pliament begune and holden at Westminster the fifthe day of October in the first yere of the Reigne of the late Queue Marye, and there continued to the xxj,h day of the same Monethe, That ys to saye in the first Session of the same Pliament, by the generall Woordes of one Acte then and there made, entituled An Act repealing of certeine Treasons Felonies and Preminire, was frothensforthe utterly repealed and made voyde: And forasmuche as sithens the Repeale of the same, the said Acte is thought necessary for the Comonwelthe of this Realme; Bee yt therefore enacted by our Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Ma,ic w"' Thassent of the Lordes Spuall & Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam' assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, That the said Acte made in the said one and twentye yere, and every Clause Article Branche Sentence and Provision therein conteyned, bee from hensforthe revived and put in due execution according to thintent and meaning therof, and fromhensforthe shall stande good endure and continue for ever.

1 Also O. 1 extende in anywise 0.

uuu

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 11, 12.

439

k

«»

>«

CHAPTER XI.

An Act against clyppyng washing rownding or fylyng of Coynes.

I

■>

k

I*

t

t(

I

I

i

i

t

I

I

WHEREAS thoffences of clypping rounding washing and fyling of Moneys or Coines of this Realme, was declared by an Acte of Pliant* in the time of King Henry the Fifthe to bee Treason to the King and the Realme, and according to the said Acte the same Offences were and did continue Treason untill the first yere of the Reigne of Quene Marye; at whiche time the Paines and Penalties due for the said Offences were abrogate and taken awaye by the generall Acte of Repeale then made: By reason wherof dyvers false and evill disposed psons pceyving themselfes to bee louse and free from the Severitee and Daunger of the sayd Lawe and Penaltie have been of late the more hardye and bolde to attempte and practise for wicked lucre and gaynes sake, to diminishe impaire and falsefie the Moneis and Coynes currant w"*in this Realme and the Dominions of the same by suche clipping washing rownding and fyling therof, not onely to the great Dishonour of the Quenes Ma,k our Sovereigne Ladye that nowe ys, by whose greate goodnes the newe Moneis or Coynes of the same are nowe reduced to asmuche fynesse as ever hathe been in any tyme of her noble Progenitoures, but also to the greate Losse and Damage of the good Subjectes of this Realme, and more ys like to bee hereafter, yf the same bee not spedely mett witheall: For Remedye wherof be it enacted declared and established by thaucthoritye of this pnte Pliament, That from and after the first daye of May next coming clipping washing rownding or filing, for wicked Lucre or Gaynes sake, of any the proper Moneys or Coines of this Realme or the Dominions therof, or of the Monies or Coynes of any other Realme allowed and suffredd to bee currante wtbin this Realme or the Dominions therof at this pnte, or that hereafter at any time shalbee the laufull Moneis or Coynes of this Realme or of the Dominions therof, or of any other Realme and by Proclamacbn alowed and suffred to be bee currant here by the Quenes Ma'* her Heires or Successoures, shalbee taken demed and adjudged by vertue of this Acte to bee Treason, and the Offendoures therin their Councello'* Consento" and Aydours shalbee from and after the same first daye of Maye, taken demed and adjudged as Offendors in Treason, and beyng therof laufully convicted or attaynted according to the due order and course of the Lawes of this Realme, shall suffer paynes of Deathe and lose and forfayte all his and their Goodes and Cattelles, and shall also lose and forfait ail his and their Landes and Tenementes during his and their naturall Lyes or Lyves onelye.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That all and every pson and psons wch have any laufull Grante to have and enjoye the Forfeiture of Landes Tenementes Goodes or Cattelles of Offendours and Men attaynted in Highe Treason, w^in any Manour Lordeshippe Towne Parish Hundredd or other Precincte w^in this Realme of Englande or Wales, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter, have lyke Lybertie to take sease and enjoye all suche Forfeitures of Landes Tents Goodes and Cattelles as shall come or growe w,hin their Liberties by force of Thattaindo' of any pson or psons for and upon any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Acte, as they or any of them shoulde ought or might have by vertue of any good and laufull Grante to them or any of them heretofore had or made.

Provided alwaies and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte or any Thing therin conteyned, nor anny Attayndour or Attaindoures of any pson or psons for any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Acte, shall in any wise extende or bee judged interpreted or expounded to make any Corruption of Blood to any Theire or the Heires of any suche Offendour or Offendours, or to make the Wief of any suche Offendour to lose or forfaite her Dower of or in any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, or her Title Action or Interest to the same; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned, or any Attayndour or Attayndoures hereafter to bee had for any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Acte, to the contrary notwithestanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any of the Lordes of the Pliament or Peere of this Realme for the tyme being, shall fortune at any tyme hereafter to be indicted of any Offence made Treason by this Acte, that then they and every of them shall have his or their Trial! by their Peeres as hathe been used heretofore in Cases of Highe Treason.

Clipping the Cola declared Treaaon by St. 4 H.V. c.«. repealed by the Operation of Stat. i Mary, at. I. c. I.

Clipping, filing, See. any current Coin declared Treason.

IL

Saving for Right! of Forfeiture by Grant, 4c.

III.

Attainder! ahall not work Corruption of Blood, See.

IV. Peen shall be tried by Peen.

WHf

CHAPTER XII.

An Act towching Badgers of Come and Drovers of Cattell to bee lycensed.

JERE in the Session of Parliament holden upon Prorogation at Westminster the xxiij01 daye of January in the fifthe yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Edwarde the Syxte, amonges other thinges it was \‘it 4> J’ foxing enacted, That whatsoever pson or psons after the firste daye of Maye then next ensuyng shoulde engrosse or get into j°j

his or their Handes by buieng contracting or promise taking, (other then by Demise Grant or Lease of Lande or of Con^® *" Tythe,) any Come growing in the Fieldes or any other Corne or Grayne Butter Cheese Fishe or other dead Victualles whatsoever w,hin the Realme of Englande, to thintent to sell the same agayne, shalbee accepted reputed and taken an unlaufull Engrosser or Engrossers; w* a Proviso and Ordinance conteyned in the same Acte that yt shoulde be laufull to every pson or psons beyng a Common Badger Lader Kydder or Carryer wch shalbee licensed assigned and allowed theronto by three Justices of the Peace of the Countie where the said Badger Lader Kidder or Carrier shall dwell,

A.D. 1562-S.

440

5° Eliz. c. 12.

Li 3. allowing ensed Drovers to buy Cattle;

I 9. allowing licensed Dealers in Corn, See.

Abuse of such Licences;

Such Licences shall be granted yearly at Quarter Sessions 10 resident Householders, and not to Servants, &c. and be signed by Three Justices, See.

Penalty jfj, and the Licence void.

II.

All Drovers and Dealers so licensed shall give Security not to forestall or ingross Corn, See.

Licence and Security shall be registered with Clerk of the Peace.

III.

Such Dealers shall not buy out of open Market, unless under express Licence.

Application of Penalties.

wth shall sell or delyver in open Faire or Markett or to any other Victualler or to any other pson or psons for the Provisyon of his or their House or Houses all suche Come Fyshe Butter or Cheese as any suche pson or psons shall buye or cause to bee bought, and that wthin one monethe next after he or they shall so buy any suche Come Grayne Butter or Cheese so that the same shalbee bought w^out Forestalling, shall not bee in any wise demed adjudged or taken any Offence contrarye to the sayd Acte: And where also yt ys provided and enacted by the same Acte of Pliament, That yt shalbee laufull to all and every pson and psons, knowen for a Comon Drover or Drovers, being licensed authorised and allowed in writyng by the Justices of the Peace, wherof one to bee the Quoru, of the Countie or Counties wher the same Drovour or Drovers shalbee most abiding and dwelling, to buy Cattell in suche Shires or Counties wher Drovers have bene wonte in tymes past accustomably to buy Cattell at their free Libertie and Pleasure, and to sell the same agayn; And that yt shalbee laufull to every pson and psons, w* shalbee assigned and alowed by three Justices of the Peace of the Countie where he shall dwell, to buy (otherwise then by forestalling) Come Grayne or Cattell, to be transported or carried by Water from any Porte or Place w"4n this Realme or Wales, unto any other Port or Place w^n the said Realme or Dominions; as in the said Acte amongst other Thinges dothe appeare: Since the making of wch Acte suche a greate number of psons, seking onely to lyve easelye and to leave theyre honest Labour, have and doo dailye seeke to bee alowed and lycensed to the said Offices or Doinges, being most unfitte and unmeete for those Purposes, and also verie hurtfull to the Comon wealthe of this Realme, aswell by thinhansing the prices of Come and Grayne and other the said Victualles as also by the diminishing of the nomber of good and necessarye Housbandmen, wrh said nomber of Drovers of Cattell and Badgers Laders Kidders and Carryers of Come and Grayne are many Times w'hout good Orders and due Considerac&n assigned and allowed therunto, to the greate Prejudice of the Common wealthe : In Consideration wherof Bee it enacted by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye, w"1 thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same, That no Drover of Cattell Badger Lader Kidder Carrier Buyer or Transporter of Corne or Grayne Butter or Cheese bee, from or after the Feast of Easter nexte after the first daye of this pnte Pliament, licensed admitted assigned or alowed to those offices or doinges, or to any of them, but onely in the generall and open Quarter Sessions of the Peace to bee holden in the Shire where suche pson or psons so to bee admitted assigned or alowed dothe or shall dwell, and hathe or shall have dwelled there by the Space of Three Yeres nexte before the Teste of his said Lycense ; And that no pson or psons after the first Daye of Maye next coming, bee admitted to the said offices or doinges, or to any of them, but suche onely as bee or have bene married Men, and shalbee at the tyme of suche Lycense to bee granted Housholders, and not Howshold Servauntf nor Reteiners to anny pson or psons, and of thage of therty yeres at the leaste; And that all Lycences being made and granted as ys abovesaid shall have continuance and bee good onely for one yere next after the date therof and for no more [or1 ] longer tyme: Whiche said Lycenses and every of them shall beare date of the Day and Place where the said Sessions shalbee holden, and shalbee signed and sealed w,h the proper Handes and Seales of three of the said Justices of the Peace being pnte at the same Sessions at the least, wherof one [to be1 ] of the Quorum; upon payne that every pson or psons that shall take any License contrary to this Ordinance, to lose and forfait to our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene her Heires and Successoures five poundes Sterling ; And that all Licences made and granted or hereafter to be made and granted otherwise then is before expressed, shall from and after the said first day of Maye next coming bee voyde and of none Effecte.

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd, That the Justices of the Peace in the sayd Generall and Open Sessions shall or may by their discretions take Bonde and Suretie from tyme to time by Recognisance of suche as shalbee admitted or alowed hereafter a common Drover of Cattell Badger Lader Kidder Carrier or Buyer of Corne Grayne Butter or Cheese, that they nor any of them shall by colour of his or their Licence Forestall or Engrosse or otherwyse practise or doo any Acte or Thinge contrary to the tenour and true meaning or in defrauding the said former Estatute or of any Matter or Thinge therin conteyned; All w*4 Licenses and every of them and the said Recognisances shalbe made and writton by the Clarck of the Peace of every Countie where suche Licence shalbee granted, or by his laufull Deputie, and by none other pson or psons; And every pson that shall have any suche License shall paye to the Clarck of the Peace or his Deputie for making therof twelf pens at the most, and for every Recognisance in fourme abovesayd to bee made and knowledged eight pens at the most, and for regestring of the same Lisence and Recognisance sour pens at the most; For whiche said Fee the said Clarck or his Deputie shall have and kepe one Register Book, and therin shall register and wright all the Names Surnames and Dwelling Places of suche as shalbee lycensed as aforesaid withe a breif Declarac&n or Entrye of the said Lycense and of the Day Tyme and Place where suche a License or Licenses shalbe granted : Whiche Book or Register the said Clarck of the Peace or his Deputie shall have and bring to every Sessions to the intent that yt maye appeare what nomber of Lycences bee and shalbee from tyme to tyme granted, wherby the better Consideracbn maye bee had therof.

Providbd alwayes and bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That no pson or psons shall or maye, by aucthoritee of any suche Licence above mentioned, buye any Come or Grayne out of open Fayre or Markett to sell agayne, unlesse suche pson [and3] psons shalbee therunto licenced, and shall have speciall and expresse Woordf conteined in suche Licence or Licences that he or theye maye so doo, upon payne to forfaite for every suche time that any suche pson or psons shall doo to the contrary Fyve Poundes ; The Moytie of all w'4 Forfeitures afore rehersed shalbee to the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye, her Heires and Successoures, and thother Moytie to him or them that will sUe for the same in any of the Quenes Courtes of Recorde by Bill Playnte Action of Debt or Informacon, in the whiche Bill Playnte Action or Information no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Protection shalbee admitted.

1 nor 0.

• 0. omits.

ji.DA56c2-3.

5° Eliz. c. 12, 13.

441

4

Bek it also enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace in every Countie w1*^ this Realme or . IV. Wales, at the Quarter Sessions, shall have full Power and Aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte tenquyre heare and ^Session* determyne all and every the Defeultes and Offences perpetrated comitted or doon contrary to this Acte w^in the determin< Offence*. Countie where any suche Sessions shalbee kept, by Inquisition Presentement Bill or Information before them exhibited, and by Examination of twoo laufull Witnesses or by any of the same Waies or Meanes, by the discression of the said Justices, and to make Proces therupon as thoughe they were indicted before them by Inquisition or Verdicte of twelve men or mo: And upon the Conviction of the Offender by Information or Sute of any other then the Quene to make Extractes of the Moitie of the Forfeitures to bee levied to the Quenes use, as they use to doo of other Fines and Amertiamentes growen in the Sessions of Peace, and to awarde Execution of thother Moitie for the Complaynant or Informer against Thoffendo' by Fieri fecias or Capias, as the Quenes Justices at Westni may doo and use to doo:

And yf any suche Conviction or Attaynder shall hereafter happen to bee at the Quenes Sute onely, that then the whole Forfeitures to bee extracted and levied to the Quenes use onelye.

Provided always, That this Acte or any Thing therin conteyned, shall not in any wise extende to the prejudice of the Libertie of any Citie or Towne Corporate, but that they and every of them shall and maye laufullye assigne and lycence Purveyours for the Provision of the same Citie or Towne Corporate, in such maner and fourme as they might laufully have doon before the making of this Acte.

V.

Corporation* may licence their Purveyor*.

Provided furthere, That this Acte nor any Thing therin conteyned shall bee in any wise hurtfull or prejudicial! unto anny the Inhabitantes withyn the Countyes of Westmerlande Cumberlande Lancastre Chester and Yorck, or anny of them, but that they maye doo as heretofore they have lawfullye used to doo; Anny Thing in thys present Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

VI.

Provito for certain Northern Countiea, Icc.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for the contynuyng of a Statute made Anno i° & 30 Phi et Marie for the amending of Highe wayes.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westni in the Seconde and Thirde yeres of the Reignes of the late Prynces King Philippe and Quene Marie, amongst other good Actes then hadd and made. One necessarye Statute was provided and established for Thamendement and Reparac&n of the Highe wayes within this Realme, w"* Acte was made tendure and continue for Seven yeres, and after thexpiratita of the sayd Seven yeres tyll thende of the Pliament then next ensueng; as by the same Statute more plainly appearethe : Whiche vij yeres, forasmuche as they be nowe expired and ended, and the said Acte ys verye beneficiall and most necessary to bee continued for Thease and C5mon weale of the People of this Lande; Bee it therfore enacted by the Quenes Excellent Ma°* the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee therof. That the said Acte made in the said Seconde and Thirdde yeres of the Reigne of King Philippe and Quene Marye, touching and concerning the Reparation and Amendement of the Highewais, and every Article and Branch e of the same, shall from hensforde bee stande and continue in ful force effecte and strengthe, for and during the terme of Twentye yeres next following from and after the beginning of this pnte Pliament, and after thexpiratiOn of the said Twentye yeres, to thende of the Pliament then next after the ende of the said xx* yeres to bee holden and kepte.

And Forasmuche as the sayd Statute made in the Seconde and Thirde yeres of Kyng Philippe and Quene Marie, in

dyvers partes of this Realme servethe not to so good Purpose and Effecte as yt maye bee made, for that suche Substance and Matter as ys most fitt and convenient for the Reparations of the sayd Wayes, cannot bee laufully hadd fetched and taken out of the severall Groundes and Soyle therunto nighe or adjoyning, being no greate Losse or Detryment to the Owners of the same severall Groundes and Soyle, wherby thamendem' of the said Ways ys little encreased, orels of verie small & slender Continuance, to the greate and continuall Chardge and Trooble of the poore Peopull inhabiting

theraboutes: For Reformation wherof, and that the Reparations of the said Highe wais may hereafter in good due

maner well and sufficiently bee made, Bee it further by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament enacted, That fromhensforthe yt shall and maye bee laufull to all and every Supervisour and Supervisors and Orderere of the Woorckes for the Time beyng, for thamendement of the sayd Highe ways, theronto elected and appoynted according to the Statute made in the Seconde and Thirde yeres of King Phylip and Quene Marye, for the better Reparation and Amendement of the Wayes w,hin theyr severall Parishes and Lymittes where they shalbee so made Supvisours, (yf yt shalbee [to them so'] thought necessarie,) to take and carry awaye of the Rubyshe or smallest broken Stones of any Quarry or Quarries heng and being w^in the Pishe where they shalbee Supvisours, w^out Licence Controllement or Empeachment of the Owner or Owners, so muche as by their Discretions shalbee demed and adjudged necessarye for thamendm' of the sayd Ways; And that for Defeulte of any Quarrye or Quarries not being w'hin theyr sayd Parishe or Limittes, or in Defeulte of Rubbishe not to bee founde in any suche Quarye or Quarries, it shall and maye bee laufull to every suche Supviso' or Supviso" for thuse aforesayd in the severall Groundes of any pson or psons being w,hin the Pishe and Limites where they shalbee Superviso" and nighe adjoyning to the Waye or Ways wherin suche Repacons shalbee thought necessary to bee made, and wherin Gravell Sande or Synder ys lykelie to bee founde, to digge or cause to

St. i,3P.&M. c.8. m to Highways,&c. continued for 20 Yean, &c.

IL

Supervisor* of Highway* empowered to take Rubbish from Quarries, and to dig for Gravel, ire. toamendHighwart, without Controui of the Ownen of the Quarry or Ground.

1 so to them 0.

5 u

442

5° Eliz. c. 13

A.D. 1562S,

hi.

Regulations under which such Rubbish, Gravel, &c shall be taken, and the Pits filled up, 8tc.

IV.

Supervisors may tum Springs, tic. into adjoining Ditches.

V.

Ditches, Fences, and Trees shall be scoured, lopped, & c. by Owners.

VI.

Six Days shall be yearly employed in repairing Highways.

vii.

Supervisors shall present all Defaults to one Justice, Penalty 40s.

He shall certify the same to the Sessions, Penalty jfy.

Sessions shall fine Defaulters.

VIII. Justices may present Defaults on their own Knowledge, and Defaulters shall be fined.

bee digged for Gravell Sand or Synder, and likewise to gather Stones lyeng upon any Landes or Growndes w*^ the Pishe and meete to bee used for suche Service and Purpose, and therof to take and carry awaye so muche as by discretion of the said Supervisours shalbee thought necessarye to bee imployed in thamendement of the sayd Highe wayes.

Provided alwayes, That yt shall not bee laufull to any suche Superviso' or Supvisours by vertue of this Acte, to cause any Rubbishe to bee digged out of any Quarrye or Quarryes, but onely shall extende to suche Rubbishe as shalbee founde ther ready digged by the Owner or Owners of the said Quarry or Quarryes, or otherwise by his or their Licence and Comaundement; nor shall not extende or gyve Authoritee to any Supviso' or Supviso" to digge or cause to bee digged any Gravell Sand or Sinder in the House Gardeyn Orchyarde or Meadowe of any pson or psons ; Nor that yt shalbee laufull by this Acte to any suche Supviso' or Supviso" to cause any more Pittes to bee digged for Gravell in any severall and inclosed Grounde then one onely, and that the same Pitt or Hole so digged for Gravell as ys aforesaid, shall not [in’] any waye bee in breadthe or lengthe above tenne yardes over at the most; And that every suche Supviso' as shall cause any suche Pit to bee made and digged for Gravell Sande or Synder as ys abovesaid, shall w^in one monethe next after any suche digging or Pitt made, cause the same to bee filled and stopped upp w4 Earthe at the Costes and Chardges of the Pishoners, upon payne to forfeite to the Owner or Owners of the Soyle wherein any suche Pit shalbe made and digged for every Defaulte fyve Marckes, to bee recovered by Action of Debte as in other like Cases of Debt hath been accustomed.

And Forasmuche as the Highe ways in sundry Places of this Realme bee full of contynall Springes and Water Courses, by cdntinuall Encrease and Sinking wherof into the Grounde, the sayd Waies arev not only very deepe and daungerous, but also for the most pte impossible to bee amended and repayred in anie good and sufficient maner, without some further Remedye provided for the same: Bee it therfore by thacthoritee aforesaid further enacted, That fromhensfoorthe every suche Supviso' and Supviso" as ys aforesaid shall by force of this Acte, w^in the Pishe or Lymittes where he or they shalbe Supviso", have full Power and Aucthoritee to tume any suche Watercourse or Spring of Water being in any of the sayd Highe ways, into any Dytche or Ditches of the severall Grounde or Soyle of any pson or psons whatsoever next adjoyning to the said Ways, in suche maner and fourme as by the discretions of the said Supvisours shalbee thought meetest and most convenient.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the Hayes Fenses Dykes or Hedges next adjoyning on either syde to any Highe or C5mon Fairing Way, shall from time to tyme be diked scoured repaired and kept lowe, and all Trees and Bushes growing in the Highewayes cut downe, by the Owner or Owners of the Grounde or Soyle w* shalbee inclosed wth the said Hays Fences Dikes or Hedges aforesaid, whereby the said Ways may bee open and the People have more readie and easie Passage in the same.

And Whereas in the said Statute made in the said seconde and thirde yeres of the Reignes of the said King Philyp and Quene Marye, there are but sower days yerely appoynted for the Reparacons and Amendement of the said Highe ways: Bee yt further by this pnte Pliament enacted, That from hensforthe ther shalbee yerely syxe days, during the time and force of this Estatute, observed used and employed in Reparac&n and Amendement of the said Highe ways, in (’) like maner and forme as the said sour days were lymitted and appoynted to bee observed and kept by the sayd Estatute made in the sayd seconde and thirdde yeres of King Phillippe and Quene Marye.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That fromhensforthe all and every suche Supviso' or Supvisours for the time being, (3) w^in one monethe next after Defaulte or Offence made doon or comitted by any pson or psons contrary to the Provision Purporte and true meaning of the sayd Estatute made in the seconde and thirde yeres of King Phillyppe and Quene Marye, or contrary to the Provision Purporte and true meanyng of this pnte Acte, [shall4 ] present every suche Default or Offence to the nexte Justice of Peace for the tyme beyng, upon payne to forfaite for every such Defaulte and Offence in suche sorte not by them presented, fortye shillingf; And that every suche Justice of Peace to whom any suche Defaulte or Offences shalbee presented as ys aforesaid, shall certefie the same Presentment so to him made, at the next Generali Sessions w^n the sayd Countie then next after to bee holden, upon payne to forfaite for not certefieng of every suche pntment of everie suche Default or Offence as ys aforesaid [fyve powne5 ]: And that the Justices of Peace, of every Countie where the sayd Defaultes or Offences shalbee comitted, shall imediatly have aucthoritte tenquire of any suche Defaute or Offence comitted «,lhin the lymittes of their Comissyon at every theyr Quarter Sessions, and to assess suche Fynes for the same as they, or twoo of them wherof thone to bee of the Quorum, shall thincke meete.

And [bee yt6] further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That every Justice of Peace shall have aucthoritee by this Statute upon his owne proper knowledge, in the Open Generali Sessions, to make pntement of any Highe waye not well and sufficiently repayred and amended, or of any other Default or Offence comitted or doon w"*in the Countye and Limittes of his Comission contrary to the Provision and Intent of this Statute, or the sayd Statute made in the seconde and thirde yeres of Kyng Phillipp and Quene Marye; And' that everie suche pntment made by any such Justice of Peace upon his own knowledge as ys aforesayd, shalbee as good and of the same Force Strengthe and Effect in the Lawe as yf the same had been presented founde and adjudged by Thothe of twelve men: And that for every suche Defaulte so pnted as ys aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of the sayd Counrie shall imediatly at the sayd Generali Sessions have aucthoritee tassesse suche Fines as to them, or twoo of them wherof thone to be of the Quoru, shalbee thought meete : Saving to everie person and parsones, that shalbee touched by any suche Presentement, to have

1 by O. * the 0. 3 shall 0.

4 0. omits. 3 C. s. O. 6 it is 0.

his or their laufull Travers to the same Presentement, as they might have upon any Indictement of Trespas or forceble Entrye, by the Lawes of this Realme before the making of this Estatute: And that all suche Fines Forfeitures and Amerciamentes, to bee assessed by the said Justices of Peace at their Generali Sessions in any the Cases aforesayd, shalbee estreated by the Clarck of the Peace of the said Countie, and shalbee levied in suche manner and fourme and employed to suche Uses and Intentes as in the sayd Statute made in the seconde and thirde yeres of King Phillippe and Quene Marye ys limitted and appoynted. This Acte to continue for Twenty yeres next after the beginning of this pnte Pliament and from thence unto thende of the Pliament then next after to bee holden.

Presentments may be traversed.

Fines shall be estreated.

Continuance of Act, so Years, See.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act against the forgyng of Evydences and Wrytinges.

FORASMUCHE as the wicked pernicious and dangerous practise of making forging and publishing of false and untrue Charters Evidences Dedes and Writinges hathe of late tyme been verye muche more practised used and put in ure in all Partes of this Realme then in tymes passed, not onely to the highe displeasure of God, but also to the greate Injurie Wrong Hurte Domage Disherison and utter undoyng of dyvers of the Quenes Ma'1" Subjectes of this Realme, and to the great subvertyon of Justice and Truthe; whiche semethe to have growen and happened cheiflye by reason that the Paynes and Punishem'f lymitted for suche greate and notable Offences by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, before this tyme have been and yet arre so small mylde and easye that suche evill People have not been nor yet arre afrayde to enterprise the practysing and doyng of suche Offences: Bee it therefore enacted by the Quenes most excellent Matk w,h Thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That yf any pson or psons whatsoever, after the first daye of June now next coming, upon his or theyr owne Heade and Imagination or by false Conspiracye and Fraude w"‘ others, shall wittingly subdllye and falsely fordge or make, or subtilly cause or wittingly assent to bee fordged or made, any false Dede Charter or Writing sealed, Court Roll, or the Will of any pson or psons in Writing, to thintent that the State of Free holde or Inheritance of any pson or psons of in or to any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes Free holde or Copie holde, or the Right Title or Interest of any pson or psons of in or to the same or any of them, shall or maye bee molested troubled defeated recovered or chardged. Or after the sayd first daye of June shall pronounce publishe or shewe foorthe in Evidence any suche false and forged Dede Charter Writing Courte Roll or Will as true, knowing the same to bee false and forged as ys aforesayd to thintent above remembred, and shalbe therof convicted either upon Action or Accons of Forger of false Dedes to bee founded upon this Statute at the Sute of the ptie greyed, or otherwise according to thorder and due course of the Lawes of this Realme, or upon Byll or Information to bee exhibited into the Courte of the Starre Chamber according to Thorder and Use of that Courte, shall paye unto the ptie greeved his dooble Costes and Damages, to bee founde or assessed in that Courte where suche Conviccon shalbe, and also shalbee sett upon the Pillorie in some open Markett Towne or other open Place, and there to have bothe his Eares cutt of, and also his nosetrelles to be slytt and cut and seared w'" an hott Iron, so as theye maye remayne for a ppetuall note or marck of his falsehead, and shall forfaite to the Quene o' Sovereigne Ladye her Heyres and Successours, the whole Issues and Profittf of his Landes and Tenementf during hys lyes, and also shall suffer and have ppetuall Imprisonem* during his lief; The said Damages and Costes, to bee recovered at the Sute of the ptie greyfed as ys aforesayd, to be first payde and levied of the Gooddes and Cattelles of the Offendour, and of Thissues and Profittes of the said Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes of suche ptie convicted, or of one or bothe of them, The said Title of our said Sovereygne Ladye the Quene her Heires or Successoures to the same notwithestanding.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf any pson or psons, after the said first daye of June, upon his or theyr owne Head or Imaginacon or by false Conspirac&n or Fraude had w,h any other, shall wittingly subtelly and falsely forge or make, or wittingly subtyllye and falsely cause or assent to bee made and forged, any false Charter Dede or Writing, to thintent that any pson or psons shall or maye have or clayme any Estate or Interest for terme of yeres, of in or to any Manoures Landes Tents or Hereditamentes not being Copye holde, or any Annuitee in Fee Simple Fee Tayle for terme of Lief Lyves or Yeres, or after the said daye shall as ys aforesaid forge make or cause or assent to bee made or forged any Obligac&n or Bill Oblygatorye, or any Acquitance Release or other dischardge of anny Debt Accowmte Action Sute Demande or other [thingf1 ] psonall, or yf any pson or psons, after the said first daye of June, shall pronounce publishe or gyve in Evidence any suche false or forged Charter Dede Writing Obligation Bill Obligatorye Acquitance Releas or Dischardge as true, knowing the same to bee false and forged, and shalbee therof convicted by any the ways or meanes aforesayd, that then he shall paye unto the partie greyed hys dooble Costes and Damages, to bee founde and assessed in suche Courte where the sayd Convice&n shalbee had, and shalbee also sett upon the Pillorie in some open Market Towne or other open Place and ther to have one of his Eeres cut of, and also shall have and suffer Imprisonement by the space of one whole yere w,hout Bayle or Maynprise.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the ptie and pries greyed by reason of any thoffences aforesaid, shall and may at his and their pleasure have and sue his Action of Forger of false Dedes upon this Statute against any Thoffendo" in the same, by originall Writt out of the Quenes Highnes Courte of Chancerie, and shall and

Increase of Forgery of Deed!;

Penalty on Persona forging or uttering Deeds, Court Rolls, or Wills relating to Estates of Inheritance in Lands, See. Double Damages to the Party grieved, Pillory, Loss of Ears,&c. Forfeituru of Profits of Lands, and Imprisonment for Life.

II.

Penalty on forging, See. Deeds at to Estates for Years, Sec. or Bonds,

Bills, Sec. Double Damages, Pillory, Loss of one Ear, and Imprisonment for a Year.

III.

How the Party grieved may proceed for his Damages.

thing 0.

444

5° Eliz. c. 14.

A.D. 1562-3.

IV.

Offender not to be twice punished.

V.

Party grieved may release only his own Damages.

VI.

Second Offence, Felony without Clerjry, with Forfeiture, &c.

General Saving on such Forfeiture.

VII.

Attainders shall not work Corruption of Blood.

VIII. Proviso for Ordinaries, &c. proving forged

IX.

Justices of Assise may determine Offences.

X.

Former Statutes against Forgery repealed.

XI.

Proviso for Proctors, Sec. pleading Proxies.

maye have like Processe upon the same as in Caces of Trespas at the C5mon Lawe, or may at his pleasure take his Sute against any suche Offendours in any the Premisses, by Bill before the Quenes Highnes her Heires & Successo" in her Courte comonlye called the Kinges Benche, or in the Courte of Thexchequer, in whiche Suites no Essoigne Injunction or Protecc6n shalbee allowed for the ptie Defendant.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That yf the ptie Defendant shalbee convicted for any the Offences aforesaid, according to Thorder and Fourme above lymyted, and shall have receyved thereupon Punishement Corporall according to this Acte, that then he shall not eftsones be empeached for the same Offence.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That althoughe the ptie or pries Playntif in any suche Acc&n or Bill to bee sued as is aforesaid, shall after Verdit passed against the Defendant or Defendants happen to releas or dischardge the Judgement or Execuc&n upon the same, or otherwise suffer the same to bee discontinued, that yet nevertheles the same Releas Dischardge or Discontinuance shall extende onely to dischardge suche Costes and Damages as the same Plainriefes shoulde have hadd against the Defendant; and that the Judges before whom the said Acc&n or Sute shall bee taken, shall and maye precede to Judgment, of and upon the Residue of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and to comaunde Execuc&n upon the same; The sayd Releas Discontinuance or other Discharge had made doon or suffred by the ptie Playntif in any wise notwithestanding: Thys Acte or any thinge therin conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons, being hereafter convicted oi condempned of any Thoffences aforesaid by any the ways or meanes above limitted, shall after any suche his or their Conviction or Condempnac&n eftesones comitt or ppetrate any of the sayd Offences in forme aforesayd, that then every suche seconde Offence or Offences shalbee adjudged Felonye, and the pries beynge therof convicted or attainted according to the Lawes of this Realme shall suffer suche paynes of Deathe losse and forfeiture of their Goodes Cattels Landes and Tenementes as in cases of Felonye by the Comen Lawes of this Realme ought to bee lost or forfeyted, w^out having any Advantage or Benefite of Clergie or Sanctuarie: Saving to every pson and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate their Heires and Successoures, other then the said Offendours and suche as clayme to theyr uses, all suche Rightes Titles Interestes Possessions Liberties of Distresses Leasses Rentes Reverc&ns Offices and other Profittes and Advauntagies, whiche they or any of them shall have at the rime of suche Convice&n or Attayndour, of in or to any the Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes of any suche pson so as ys aforesayd convicted or attaynted, or at any tyme before, in as lardge and ample maner to all Intentf and Purposes as yf this Acte had never been hadd nor made.

Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That any suche Convice&n or Attayndour of Felonie as ys aforesaid, or any Forfeiture by reason of the same, shall not in any wise extende to take away the Dower of the Wief of any suche pson attainted, nor to the Corruption of Bloodd, or Disherison of any theyre or heires of any suche pson or psons so attaynted ; This Acte or any Thing therin conteyned, or any other Statute lawe Usage Custome or Thinge heretofore used to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided also and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That this Acte or any Thing therin conteined, shall not extende to chardge any Ordinarye, or any their Comissaries Officiates Registers or any other their Officers or Ministers, withe any thoffences aforesaid, for putting their Seale of Office to any Will to bee exhibited unto them, not knowing the same to bee false or forged, or for writing of the said Will or Probate of the same; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That all and every Justices of Oyer and Determiner Sc Justicf of Assise in theyr Circuites, and every of them, shall have full power and aucthoritee in every of their open and generall Sessions, tenquire (1 ) faeare and determyne [of* ] all and every thoffences aforesayd comitted or doon w,hin the limittes of their Comission, and to make Processe for thexecuc&n of the same, as they maye doo against any pson beyng indicted before them of Trespas, or laufully convicted therof.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That all other Statutes heretofore made and provided for forger of false Dedes Charters [ Munimentes3 ] or Wriringes, and all and every penalrie appointed by the same, shall from and after the sayd first daye of June be voyde and of none effecte in the Lawe; Anny suche Statute or Thing therin conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided always, That this Acte or any Thing therin conteyned, shall not extende or bee hurtfoll in any wise to any Advocate Procto' or Register of any Ecclesiasricall Court w’hin this Realme, for the writing setting foorth or pleading of anye Proxye made according to the Ecclesiastical Lawes or Customes heretofore used and allowed by the Ecclesiasricall Courtes of this Realme, for thappearance of any pson or psons being cited tappeare in any of the said Courtes Ecclesiasricall, nor to any Archdeacon or Officiall for putting theyr autentiqs Seale to the sayde Proxies or Proxie, neither yet to any Judge Ecclasiasticall for admitting of the same ; but that they and every of them maye hereafter doo in all poyntes concerning the same, as they and every of them might laufully have doon before the making of this Acte ; Any Thing in this Acte to the contrarye in any wise notwithestanding.

1 of

* 0. omits.

a mynimentf 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 14, 15

445

(') Provided always and be yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That yf any pson or peons whatsoever that hathe of his or their owne Heade, or by false Conspiracie and Fraude w"1 any other, wittingly subtilly and falselye forged or made, or shall before the first daye of June [aforesayd * ] forge and make any false Deede Charter or [ Wry tings] sealed, or the Will of any pson in Writing or any Court-roll, to thentent that the State of Freeholde or Inheritance or the Right Tytle or Interest of Inheritance or Freeholde of any pson or psons of in or to any Manors Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes beynge Freeholde or Copyeholde, or that by anny suche forged Deede Charter Courtroll or Writing before the sayd first daye of June shall or may bee molested trobled or defeated of any the sayd Estates of any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes beyng Freeholde or Copiholde, or yf any pson or psons have heretofore published or shewed foorthe in Evidence, or before the sayd first daye shall publishc or shewe in Evidence for the proof of any Title, any false and forged Deede Charter Writing Will or Court-roll as true, knowing the same to bee false and forged as ys aforesayd, to thintent above remembred, and shalbee therof attaynted or convicted according to Thorder of the Lawes of this Realme, either in an Action of forger of false Faytes or in an Action upon the Case at the Sute of the ptie greeved his Heyres Executoures or Assignes; that then the ptie so convicted shall paye and yeelde Damages and Costes of Sute to the Playntief, as shalbee assessed according to Thorder of the Lawes of this Realme in any suche like Action or Sute, and shall suffer Imprisonement and pay Fyne and Ransome at the Pleasure of the Quenes Ma°* her Heires and Successors: And yf any pson or psons shall after the sayd first daye of June, pleade publishe or shewe foorthe in Evidence or otherwise for the Proof of any Title, any false and forged Dede Charter Writing Will or Court-roll (heretofore falselye made and forged or to bee falsely made and forged before the said first daye of June) as true, knowing the same to bee false and forged, to thintent to have or clayrne therby any Estate of Inheritance Freeholde or Leas of yeres, in or to any Manors Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes or any Annuitee Rent or Proffitt foorthe of any Mano" Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, or to thintent taker defeate molest trooble chardge or recover Thestate of Inheritance Freeholde or for yeres of any pson in any Mano" Landes Tenementes Rents or Hereditamentes; that then every pson and psons that shall so offende and shalbe therof convicted in fourme first above remembredd, shall pay unto the ptie greyed dooble Costes & Damagf, and shall have Imprisonement losse of Eares slytting and searing of Nose and forfeyture of Landes, in the same maner and fourme as above ys lymitted for any pson that shall offende by forging or publishing of any false Deed or Writing as ys aforesayd, after thaforesayd first daye of June.

Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte nor any Payne Forfeiture or Thing therin conteyned, shall extende to any Attoumey Lawyer or Councellor, that shall for his Clyent pleade shewe foorthe or gyve in Evidence any false and forged Deede Charter Will Court-roll or other Writing for true or good, beyng not ptie and pryvey to the forging of the same, for the pleading shewing foorthe or giving in Evydence of the same; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Provided alwais and bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this Acte or any thing therin conteyned shall not extende to anny parson or parsons that shall pleade or shewe foorthe any Deede or Writing, exemplyfied under the Greate Seale of England or under the Seale of any other Autentiq, Courte of this Realme ; nor shall extende to anny Judge or Justice or other parsone that shall cause anny Seale of any Courte to bee set to any suche Deede Charter or Writing inrolled, not knowyng the same to bee false or forged; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithestanding.

Ali.

Punishment of Persons having forged Deeda before the passing of thia Act; and of Perioni

uttering auch forged Deeds, &c. alter the patting of thit Act.

XIII. Proviso for Lawyers pleading forged Deeds, not being privy thereto.

XIV. Proviso for Exemplifications of forged Deeds.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act against fonde and phantasticall Prophesyes.

FORASMUCHE as sithens thexpiracbn and ending of the Statute made in the time of King Edwarde the Syxthe entituled, An Act against fonde and fantasdcall Prophesies, divers evill disposed psons, enclyned to the stirring and moving of Factions Seditions and Rebellions w^in this Realme, have byn the more bolde tattempte the lyke Practise, in fayning imagining inventing and publishing of suche fonde and fantasticall Prophesies, aswell concerning the Quenes Malk as divers honourable Parsonagies Gentlemen and others of this Realme, as was used and practised before the making of the sayd Statute, to the grete disquiet trooble and perill of the Quenes Ma0' and of this her Realme: For Remedie wherof, Bee yt ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That yf any pson or psons, after the first daye of Maye next coming, do advisedly and directly advance publishe and set fourthe by Writing Prynting Synging, or any other open Speache or Dede, to any pson or psons, any fonde fantasticall or false Prophecye upon or by thoccasion of any Armes Fieldes Beastes Badges or suche other lyke thinges accustomed in Armes Cognisaunces or Signettes, or upon or by reason of any Time Yere or Daye name Blodshed or Warre, to thintent therby to make anye Rebellion Insurrection Dissention losse of Lief or other Disturbance w,hin this Realme and other the Quenes Dominions; that then every suche pson, beyng therof laufully convicted according to the due course of the Lawes of this Realme, for everye suche Offence shall suffer Imprysonement of his Bodye by the space of one yere without Baile or Mayneprise, and shall forfaite for every suche Offence the some of tenne powndes:

3,4 Edw.VI. c.ifi. against false Prophecies, expired;

Penalty on publishing false Prophecies to raise Insurrection, &c. First Offence,

One Year’s Imprisonment and ^. io Penalty Second Offence, Imprisonment for Life and Forfeiture of Goods.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* O. omits. 1 Wrytingf O.

5

4*46

5° Eliz. c. 15, 16.

A.D. 1562-3.

And yf any suche Offendo' do after suche Convice&n eftesones offende in any of the Premisses, and bee therof laufully convicted as ys aforesaid, that then every suche Offendo' shall for his seconde Offence and Convice&n as is aforesayd suffer Imprisonement of his Bodye during his lyes w^out Bayle or Maineprise, and shall forfaite all his Gooddes and Cattelles realles and psonalles; The moyeties of every w* Forfeitures shall bee to the Queues Highnes her Heyres and Successoures, and thother moieties therof to him that shall or will sue for the same in any of the Quenes Courtes of Recorde, by Actyon Bill Playnt or Informac&n, in whiche case no Essoigne Wager of Lawe or Proteclbn shall bee allowed or admitted.

II.

Justice! of Aisiie, &c. may determine Offences.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That all and every Justice of Assise, Justice of Oyer and Determyner, Justice of Peace, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue hereof tenquire heare and determine all and every Offence and Offences abovesaid, committed or doon withein the lymyttes of their Comission contrary to the tenour and meaning of this .Acte.

III.

Limitation of Prosecution, Six Months.

Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That no pson or psons shall at any time hereafter bee empeached for any Offence hereafter to be comitted or done contrary to this Acte, unles he bee therfore empeached or accused wu4n sixe monethes next ensuing any suche Offence by him or them comitted or done.

St.33H.VIII. c.8. against Witchcraft, repealed by the Operation of Stat.

I E.VI. c. 12.

Persons using any Invocations of Spirits whatever, or practising Witchcraft, &c. whereby Death shall ensue, declared Felons without

Clergy.

II.

Penalty on practising Witchcraft, &c. to the Bodily Harm of any one;

First Offence,

One Year's Imprisonment and Pillory ; Second Offence, Felony without Clergy.

Peers shall be tried by Peers.

III.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act against Conjurac&ns Inchantmentes and Witchecraftes.

WHERE at this present, there ys no ordinarye ne condigne Punishement provided against the Pracdsers of the wicked Offences of Conjurac&ns and Invocations of evill Spirites, and of Sorceries Enchauntmentes Charmes and Witchecraftes, the wch Offences by force of a Statute made in the xxxiij yere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Eyghthe were made to "bee Felonye, and so continued untill the sayd Statute was repealed by Thacte and Statute of Repeale made in the first yere of the Reigne of the late King Edwarde the vj"1; sythens the Repeale wherof many fantasticall and devilishe psons have devised and practised Invocaf&ns and Conjurac&ns of evill and wicked Spirites, and have used and practised Wytchecraftes Enchantementes Charms and Sorceries, to the Destrucc&on of the Psons and Goodes of their Neighebours and other Subjectes of this Realme, and for other lewde Internes and Purposes contrarye to the Lawes of Almighty God, to the Perill of theyr owne Soules, and to the great Infamye and Disquietnes of this Realme: For Reformac&n wherof bee it enacted by the Quenes Ma"' wth thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritee of the same. That yf any pson or psons after the first daye of June nexte coming, use practise or exersise any Invocac&ns or Conjurac&ns of evill and wicked Spirites, to or for any Intent or Purpose j or els if any pson or psons after the said first daye of June shall use practise or exercise any Witchecrafte Enchantment Charme or Sorcerie, wherby any pson shall happen to bee killed or destroyed, that then aswell every suche Offendo' or Offendo'1 in Invocac&ns or Conjurac&ns as ys aforesayd, their Concello" & Aidours, as also every suche Offendo' or Offendo" in Witchecrafte Enchantement Charme or Sorcerie wherby the Deathe of anny pson dothe ensue, their Aidours and Concello", being of either of the said Offences laufully convicted and attainted, shall suffer paynes of Deathe as a Felon or Felons, and shall lose the Priviledg and Benefite of Sanctuarie & Clergie: Saving to the Wief of such parsone her Title of Dower, and also to the Heyre and Successour of suche pson his or theyr Tytles of Inheritaunce Succession and other Rightes, as thoughe no suche Attayndour of the Auncestour or Predecessour had been hadd or made.

And further bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That if any pson or psons, after the saide first daye of June nexte comyng, shall use practise or exercyse any Wytchecrafte Enchauntement Charme or Sorcerie, wherby any pon shall happen to bee wasted consumed or lamed in his or her Bodye or Member, or wherby any Goodes or Cattelles of any pson shalbee destroyed wasted or impayred, then every suche Offendour or Offendours their Councelloures and Aydoures, being therof laufully convicted, shall for his or their first Offence or Offences, suffer Imprisonement by the Space of one whole Yere, w,hout Bayle or Mayneprise, and once in every Quarter of the said Yere, shall in some Market Towne, upon the Market Daye or at suche tyme as any Fayer shalbee kepte there, stande openly upon the Pillorie by the Space of Syxe Houres, and there shall openly confesse his or her Errour and Offence; and for the Seconde Offence, being as ys aforesayd laufully convicted or attaynted, shall suffer Deathe as a Felon, and shall lose the Privilege of Clergie and Sanctuarye: Saving to the Wief of suche pson her Title of Dower, and also to Theire & Successo' of suche pson, his or their Titles of Inheritance Succession and other Rightes, as thoughe no suche Attaindo' of Thancesto' or Predecesso' had beene hadde or made.

Provided alwaies, That yf the Offendour, in any of the Cases aforesayd for whiche the paynes of Deathe shall ensue, shall happen to bee a Peere of this Realme, then his Triall thereyn to be hadd by hys Peeres, as yt ys used in cases of Felonye or Treason and not otherwyse.

And further to thintent that all maner of practise use or exercise of Witchecrafte Enchantement Charme or Sorcerye shoulde bee from hensforthe utterly avoyded abolished and taken awaye; Bee it enacted by thaucthoritee of this pnte Pliament, That yf any pson or psons shall from and after the sayd first daye of June nexte c5ming, take

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 16—18.

447

upon him or them, by Witchecrafte Enchantement Charme or Sorcerie, to tell or declare in what Place any Treasure of Golde or Sylver shoulde or might bee founde or had in the Earthe or other secret Places, or where Goodes or Thinges lost or stollen should bee founde or becume, or shall use or practise anye Sorcery Enchantement Charme or Witchecrafte, to thintent to provoke any pson to unlaufull love, or to hurte or destroye any pson in his or her Body, Member or Goodes; that then every suche pson or psons so offending, and being therof laufully convicted, shall for the said Offence suffer Imprysonement by the space of One whole yere w'Nsut Bayle or Mayneprise, and once in every Quarter of the said yere shall in some Market Towne, upon the Marcket day or at suche tyme as any Fayer shall bee kept there, stande openly upon the Pillorie by the space of Sixe Houres, and there shall openly confesse his or her Error and Offence; And yf anye pson or psons, beyng once convicted of the same Offences at ys aforesayd, doo eftesones ppetrate and comitt the lyke Offence, that then every suche Offendour beyng thereof the seconde tyme convicted as ys aforesaid, shall forfaitee unto the Quenes Majesde her heires and successoures, all his Goodes and Cattelle6 and suffer Imprysonement during Lyes.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act for the punishement of the Vyce of Sodomye.

WHERE in the Pliament begune at London the thirde daye of November in the xxj,h yere of the late Kyng of most famous Memorie Kyng Henry Theyght, and after by Prorogacbn holden at Westm in the XXVth yere of the Reigne of the said late King, there was one Acte and Statute made, entituled An Acte for the punishement of the Vice of Buggerie, wherby the said detestable Vice was made Felonie, as in the said Estatute more at large it doethe and maye appeare: Forasmuche as the said Statute concerning the Punishement of the said Crime and Offence of Buggerie standethe at this pnte repealed and voyde, by vertue of the Statute of Repeale made in the first yere of the Reigne of the late Quene Marie; Sithens wfh Repeale so hadd and made dyvers evyll disposed psons have been the more bolde to comitt the said most horrible and detestable Vice of Buggerie aforesaid, to the highe Displeasure of Almighty God j Bee it enacted ordeyned and established by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye, and by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritye of the [said 1 ] That the sayde Statute before mentioned made in the XXVth yere of the said late King Henry Theight, for the punishement of the sayd detestable Vice of Buggery, and every Branche Clause Article and Sentence therin conteyned, shall from and after the first daye of June nexte coming bee revived, and from thensforthe shall stande remayne and bee in full force strengthe and effecte for ever, in suche maner fourme and condicbn as the same Statute was at the daye of the Deathe of the said late King Henry Theight; The said Statute of Repeale made in the said first yere of the sayd late Quene Marye, or anny Woordes generall or specyall thereyn conteyned, or anny other Acte or Actes Thinge or Thinges to the contrarye notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte declaring thauctoritee of the L. Keeper of the Great Seale of England and the L. Chancello' to bee one.

WHERE some Question hathe of late arysen whether like Place Aucthorite Preheminence Jurisdic&m and Power dothe belong, and of Right ought to belong, to thofiice of the Lorde Keper of the Create Seale of Englande for the tyme beyng, as of Right dothe and ought to belong to the Office of the Lorde Chancello' of Englande for the tyme beyng, or not: For Declaracftn wherof and in advoyding suche Question hereafter, Bee it enacted and declared by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and [the * ] Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That the Comen Lawe of this Realme ys, and alwayes was and ought to bee taken, that the Keper of the Greate Seale of Englande for the time beyng, hathe alwayes hadd used and executed, and of Right ought to have use and execute, and from hensforthe maye have perceyve take use and execute, as of Right belonging to thoffice of the Keper of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme beyng, the same and like Place Aucthoritee Preemynence Jurisdiccftn Execucbn of Lawes, and all other Customes Comodities and Advauntages, as the Lorde Chancellour of Englande for the tyme being lawfully used had and ought to have use [and * ] execute, as of Right belonging to the Office of the Lorde Chancellour of Englande for the tyme being, to all Intentes Constructs and Purposes, and as yf the same Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme were Lorde Chancello' of Englande.

1 same 0. • 0. omits. 5 or O.

Penalty on practising Witchcraft, 8:c. to discover Treasure, or to provoke unlawful' Love, Src.

First Offence,

One Year’s Imprisonment and Pillory j Second Offence, Forfeiture of Goods and Imprisonment for Life.

aj H. VIII. c. 6. against Sodomy, repealed by the Operation of St.

1 Mar. st.l. c.t. Jj, revived and made perpetual.

Authority of Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, declared to be the same as that of the Lord Chancellor.

448

5° Eliz. c. 19, 20.

.Z).1562-3.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the Repeale of a Branch of a Statute made An° i Edw. vj. touching the conveieng of Horses and

Geldinges out of the Realme.

Proviso of Stet.

i e.vi. c.5. §6.

allowing the Exportation of Horses for private Use and not for Sale, repealed.

WHERE in the Pliament holden at Westm in the First yere of the Reigne of the late King Edwarde the Sixthe, Brother to our Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Mau* that nowe ys, amongst divers other Statutes, ther was one Acte and Statute made against the carrieng and conveieng of any Horses Geldinges or Mares out of this Realme; in whiche Acte, amongst other Thinges, there ys one Proviso or Branche conteyned in theis Woordes hereafter following, that ys to saye; Provided alwaies, That it shalbe laufull to every of the Kinges Subjectes that shall passe over beyonde the Sea, to shippe and carrye w01 them Horses or Geldinges, for their onely Occupac&n in theyre Journeis and not to thintent to sell the same beyond the Sea, and that Intent to bee judged by Othe of him or them that so will carrye over any Horse or Gelding, whiche Othe shalbee taken before the Customers or theyre Deputies or Searcher of every suche Porte where the same Horse or Geldinge shall bee shipped, before the shipping therof; as by the same Acte and Proviso yt dothe and maye appeare : And althoughe the same Acte and Statute in all partes therof (except the said Proviso) ys verie beneficiall and profitable for this Realme, yet nevertheles by colour of the sayd Proviso and Branche conteyned in the sayd Statute, many evill disposed psons of a covetous and gredy desire doo daylie transporte out of this Realme verye greate nombres of Horses and Geldinges, and doo exchange and sell the same in pries beyonde the Seas for their owne pryvate Lucre and Gayne; And because the Triall of suche Offences is, by force of the sayde Proviso and Branche mentioned in the said Statute, no otherwise to bee tried or judged, but onely by Thothe of the Offendor himself, therfor thoffendo" therin doo escape unpunished, and therby many psons arr greatly encoraged daylie to comit the like Offences contrary to the true meaning and entent of the said Statute : For the Redresse wherof be it enacted by the Quenes Ma'" w'h thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Plament assembled and by aucthorite of the same. That all the said Proviso and Braunche before rehersed (1) mentioned and conteined w^in the said Acte and Statute, and every Article and Sentence conteined wu'in the said Proviso, shall from hensforthe be repelled made voide and of none Effect, and that all the Residue of the said Acte and Statute shall stande remaine and bee in full Force and Strengthe; Any thing herein specified to the contrary notw^standing.

i

i

I

I

1

1

Doubts on Stat.

1, 2 P. & M. c. 4. against Egyptians. Recited Act confirmed.

II.

All Persons found disguised in the Company of vagabond Egyptians for One Month, declared Felons without Clergy.

Proviso for Infants under 14, and Prisoners in Custody.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte for the Punishement of Vagabondes callyng themselfes Egiprians.

WHEREAS sithence thacte made in the first and seconde yeres of the late King and Quene, Kyng Phillip and Quene Marie, for the Punishement of that false and subtile Companie of Vacaboundes calling themselves Egiptians, there ys a scruple and doubte risen whether suche psons as being borne w^in this Realme of Englande or other the Quenes Highnes Dominions, and are or shall become of the Fellowship or Companie of the said Vagaboundes, by transforming or disguising themselves in their Apparell or in a certaine contrefaite Speache or Behavour, are punishable by the said Acte in like maner as others of that sort are, being Strangers borne and transported into this Realme of Englande: Therfore for thadvoyding of all Doubtes and Ambiguites in that Behalf, and to thintent that all suche sturdie and false Vagabondes of that sorte, living onelie upon the spoile of the simple People, maie be condingly met w^all and punished; Be it enacted by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by the aucthoritee of the same, That the sayd Statute made in the first and seconde yeres of the sayd late King and Quene, concerning those Vagaboundes calling themselves Egiptyans, shall contynue remayne and bee in full Force Strengthe and Effecte.

And yet moreover bee it enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That all and every pson and psons whiche, from and after the first daye of Maye nowe next ensuing, shalbee seen or founde within Realme of Englande or Wales in any Companye or Felowship of Vagaboundes comonly called or calling themselves Egiptians, or counterfeiting transfourming or disguising themselves by their Apparell Speache or other Behavour like unto suche Vagaboundes comonly called or calling themselves Egiptians, and so shall or doo continue and remayne in the same, either at one time or at severall times by the space of one monethe, That then the same pson or psons shall by vertue of this Acte bee demed and judged a Felon and Felons, and shall therfore suffer Paynes of Deathe Losse of Landes and Gooddes as in cases of Felonye by Thorder of the Comen Lawes of this Realme, and shall upon the Tryall of them or of any of them therein, bee tried in the Countie and by Thinhabitantes of the Counrie or Place wher they or he shalbee apprehended or taken, and not P medietatem Lingue, and shall lose the Priviledge and Benefite of Sanctuary & Clergie.

Provided always and bee it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid. That this Acte shall not in any wise extende to any Childe or Children being w^n Thage of fourtene yeres; nor to any of the said psons being in Prison the last Day of this pnte Pliament, so that he or they so being in Prison doo within fourtene dais next after his or their

1 and 0.

5° Eliz. c. 20,21.

449

Deliverye out of Prison either departe out of this Realme of Englande and Wales, or put him or themselves to some honest Service, or exercise some laufull Woorck Trade or Occupac&n, and utterly forsake the said idle and false Trade Conversac&n and Behavour of the said counterfaite or disguised Vagabondes, c5monly called or calling themselves Egiptians.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That the said Acte made in the first and seconde yeres of the said late King and Quene, shall not extende to compell any pson or psons borne w1^ any the Queries Mal" Dominions to depart out of this Realme of Englande or Wales, but only to constrayne and bynde them and every of them to leave their sayd noughty ydle and ungodly Lyes and Company and to place themselves in some honest Service, or to exercise themselves at home wlh their Parentes or elswhere honestly in some laufull Worck Trade or Occupac&n; Any thing mentioned in this said former Acte to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithestanding.

1

1

s

i

S.

R

I

R

i

i

i

I

i

i

W

i

4

t

i

I?

I

i

i

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte for the Punishement of unlawful! taking of Fishe Deare or Hawkes.

WHERE aswell the Quenes Ma"' and her most noble Progenitours, as also the Noblemen Gentlemen and divers other psons of [ greate * ] Dominions Lordeshipes Manours and Possessions within this Realme, have of ancient and long time had, and many of them nowe of late to their greate Costes and Chardges for the necessary and better Provision and Maintenance of their Housholdes have erected and made, in and upon their several Demeanes Groundes and Possessions aswell Pooles Stanges Stewis Motes Pittes or Pondes for thonelye encrease of Fishe, and have stored the same w"* Pickerell Breame Tenche Carpe and divers other goodd kindes of Fishe for the necessarye encreace of Vittailes and for the better Mayntenance and Provision of their Houses as is aforesaid, and also have emparcked environed and enclosed many pcelles of their said Demeanes Soiles Grondes and Possessions for the breeding cherishing and encrease aswell of Redde as Fallowe Deare w,hin their severall Parkes and Inclosures for the Causes afore declared, and also have breeding w^in their Wooddes and Groundes diverse Eyries of Haukes of sundry kindes to their great Pleasure and Comoditie; Yet nevertheles the said severall Waters Groundes Parkes and Inclosures so being hadde erected and made, and also being so stored and replenished, have been from time to time by evill dysposed psons, of a verie evill wilfull and insolent disposition and of malice and displeasure, not onely by night time broken and entred into, but also the Heddes or Dames of the said Pondes Pooles Stanges Motes Stewes or severall Waters, have been maliciouslie wilfully and unlaufully cut out, and the Pales Fences and Inclosures of the said Parckes and Groundes broken cast downe and set open, and the Fishe Deare and Haukes w'hin the same taken destroyed carried away and stollen, not onely to the great losse & damage of the Owners therof, and to the small Encoragement of other good Subjectes minding the carefull provision of suche necessarie Vittailes, but also to the manifest emboldening of many like wilfull Malefactours and malicious Offendoures, wherby many Riottes Manslaughters Mischeifes and other Inconveniences have been dailie ppetrated and like to bee comitted and done, if circumspect Remedie be not hereonto provided: Be it therfore enacted by the Quenes Ma,le the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That yf any pson or psons after the Feaste of Pentecost next coming, shall at any time by Day or by Night unlaufully wthout Aucthoritee breake cutt downe cut out or destroy any Hedd or Heddes Dame or Dames of any Pondes Pooles Motes Stanges Steues or severall Pittes, wherin Fishe are or shall happen to bee put in or stored withall by the Owners or Possessioners therof, or doo or shall wronfully fishe in any the sayd severall Pondes Pooles Motes Stanges Stewes or Pittes, to thintent to distroye kill take or steale awaye any of the same Fishe against the Will Minde or Pleasure of the Owners or Possessioners of the same, not having any laufull Title or Aucthoritee so to do, and therof bee laufully convicted at the Sute of our Sovereigne Ladie the Quene her Heires or Successores or the ptie greyed, shall suffer Imprisonement of his or their Bodies by the space of thre monethes, and shall yelde and paye to the ptie greyed his treble Damages, and after the sayd thre monethes expired, shall finde sufficient sureties for his or their good abearing against the Quene our Sovereigne Ladie her Heyres and Successoures and all her liege people for the space of seven yeres after, or els shall remaine and continue still in Prison w,hout Baile or Maynprise untill suche time as he or they so offending can and shall finde suche sufficient sureties during the said time and space of seven yeares as is aforesaid.

And bee it also enacted by aucthoritee of this pnte Pliam', That yf any pson or psons, after the said Feaste of Pentecost next cuming, at any time by Night or by Daie in maner aforesaid wrongfully or unlaufullye break or enter into any Parck empaled or any other severall Grounde closed w*1 Wall (1) Pale or Hedge, and used for the keping breeding and chirishing of Deere, and so wrongfully hunt dryve or chase out or take kill or slea any Deere w0^ any suche empaled Parck or closed Grounde wlh Wall Pale or other Inclosure and used for Deere as ys aforesayd; or do or shall take away any Hauke or Hawkes, or the Egges of any of them, by any wayes or meanes unlaufullye out of any the Wooddes or Grounde of any pson or psons, (not having laufull Aucthoritee or Licence so to doo,) and therof bee laufully convicted at the Suite of our Sovereigne Ladye the Quene or the ptie grieved as ys aforesaid, shall likewise suffer Imprisonement of his or their Bodies by the space of three monethes, and shall yeld and paye to the ptie

1 faire 0. * or 0.

IV.

Persons born in the Realm not compellable to quit it, under i, a P. * M. c.4.

Inclosures of Ponds, Parks, Eyries of Hawks, &c. injured by evil-disposed Persons;

Persons destroying Heads of Ponds, Sec. or wrongfully fishing therein, shall suffer Three Months' Imprisonment, pay Treble Damages to the Party, and find Sureties for Seven Years’ good Behaviour.

II.

Like Penalty on breaking into Deer-Park and killing Deer or stealing Hawks or their Eggs.

450

5° Eliz. c.21, 22.

A.D. 1562-S.

III.

To extend only to Deer-Parki licensed.

IV.

Remedy for Treble Damages to the Party griered; who may release the Surety for good Behariour.

V.

Justices of Assise, &c. may determine Offences.

VI.

Justices in Sessions may discharge the Recognizance for good liehaviour, on Submission, &c.

grieved his treblee Damagis; And after the said three monethes expired shall fiade sufficient sureties for his or their good abearing for the 6pace of seven yeres after agaynste the Quenes Ma'1* her Heires and Successoures and all her liege People as ys aforesaid, or els shall remayn and continue sdll in Prison w,hout Baile or Mainprise undll suche tyme as he or they so offending can and shall finde suche sufficient sureties during the sayd tyme of seven yeres as ys afore rehearsed.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte or anye thing therin contained extende not to any Parcke or inclosed Grounde hereafter to bee made and used for Deere without the Grante or Lycense of our Sovereygne Ladye the Quene her Heires Successoures or Progenitoures.

Provided always and bee yt enacted by aucthoritee aforesayd, That it shalbee laufull for the ptie grieved to sue and take his further Remedye against all and every suche Offendo' and Offendo" for his Losse and Damages, and to recover the treble value of the same in this Behalf, aswell before Justices of Oyer and Determiner Justices of Assise in their Circuites and Justices of the Peace, as elleswhere in any other the Quenes Courtes of Recorde; and that upon the true satisfaction of the said treble Damages to the ptie grieved, or upon the Confession and Knowledge therof by the same ptie before the said Justices in Open Sessions to bee holden w'hin the Countie where Thoffence was comitted, yt shalbee at the lyberty of the same ptie grieved to whom the said Offence was comitted, to releas at his Pleasure the said suertieshippe of good abearing, at any tyme w‘bin the said seven yeres or before; Any thing in this pnte Acte before specified or expressed to the contrary notwithestanding.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Justices of Oyer and Determiner, Justices of Assise in their Circuites and Justices of Peace and Gaole Deliverie in their Sessions, shall by vertue hereof have Powre and Aucthoritee tenquire heare and determyn all and singler Thoffences aforesaid, and to make and awarde Proces therupon, as well upon Inditementes taken before them as by Byll of Complaynte Information or any other Acc6n, in w1*1 Suite or Accon no Essoigne Wager of Lawe nor Protecc5n shalbee allowed.

(‘) And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorite aforesayd. That yf any pson or psons at any tyme hereafter shall fortune to bee bounde before any of the Justices before mentioned, to the Quene her Heires or Successo" for his or their good abearing for seven yeres according to the tenor of this Acte, and the same ptie or pties so bounde shall afterwardes wttin the said seven yeres come before the Justices of the Peace of the sayd Countie where the said Offence was comitted, or some of them, in Open Sessions, and there in the said Open Sessions confesse and acknowledge his or their said Offence or Offences and bee sorie therfore, and satisfie the ptie or pties greyed according to the tenor of this Acte, that then the same Justices before whom the sayd Confession shalbee so made, shall and may have Power and Aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte in the same Open Session, or in any other Open Sessions afterwarde to bee holden before the said J°stices in the said Countie w,hin the sayd terme of seven yeres, yf it shall seme good to their discretions, to dischardge the sayd Recognisance and Bonde so taken, and also the said ptie and pties so bounde; This Acte or any thing therin conteyned to the contrary therof notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XXn.

An Acte agaynste the carryeng of Sheepe Skines and Peltes over the Sea not being Staple Ware.

Penalty on making Pelt* of Sheep-Skint, or buying Buck-Skins, &c. unless to make Leather or Parchment, or for

frivate Use;

orfeiture, and as. <5d. per Skin.

II.

Like Penalty on shipping Sheep-Skins or Buck-Skint, 8cc. for Exportation.

FOR Reformac&n of many Griefes lamentably declared this pnte Pliament by divers Artificers of thys Realme woorcking Leather; It maye please yo' Royal 1 Matie that it may bee enacted and established wth Thassent of this Highe Courte of Pliam*, That it shall not bee laufull to or for any maner of pson or psons whatsoever, fro and after the first day of May next coming, to make any Peltes, That ys to saye, to pull sheare clippe or take away the Wooll of any Shepe skinne or Lambe skinne, or to buy any Skinne of any Stagge Hinde Bucke Doe Goate Fawne or Kydde, or the Peltes or Skynnes of any of them, unles suche pson or psons so making any Peltes or buyeng suche Skinnes as ys aforesaid, doo make or cause to bee made therof tawed or laufully tanned Leather or Parchement or otherwise convene the same into Semittes Panelles or other their owne necessarye Uses; upon payne that every pson so makyng Peltes or buyeng any of the Skinnes or Peltes aforesaid contrary to the meaning of this Acte, shall forfaite and lose the value of all suche Peltes or Skynnes so made and bought, and Twoo shillinges syxe pence for everye Skinne or Pelte so bought or Pelte so made as ys aforesaid.

And bee yt further enacted, That yt shall not bee laufull to or for any pson or psons whatsoever, from and after the Feast aforesayd, to shippe or conveye or cause or procure to bee shipped or conveyed in or to any Shippe Boate or Vessel in or upon the Sea, or in or upon any Haven River Creeke or Place w^n this Realme of Englande and Wales or eyther of them, any maner of Shepe skynnes Woolfelles Shorelinges Morelinges, or the Skynnes of any Stagge Hynde Bucke Doe Goate Fawne or Kydde, or the Peltes or Skynnes of any of them, or the Leather made of them or any of them, to thintent to transporte or carry the same into any the ptes beyonde the Seas there to bee

' This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Go

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c.22, 23.

451

uttred bartredd or solde by way of Marchandyse or otherwise; upon payne of forfeyture of all suche Skynnes or Peltes bought laden shipped or transported contrary to the [tenor and'] true meaning of this Acte or the value of them, and also ij s. vj d. of laufiill Money of Englande for every Fell Shorlyng Mortlyng Pelte or Skynne aforesaid bought laden shipped or transported contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this present Acte; The Moietie of all w1* forfeitures shall bee to our Soveraygne Ladye the Quenes Ma'1* her Heyres and Succesaoures, and thother Moietie to him or them that will sue for the same, by Action Bill Playnt (*) or otherwise in any of the Quenes Mall"

Courts, in w* Action no Essoigne Protecc&n or Injunction shalbe admitted or allowed.

Provided always, That yt shall and may be laufull to the Marchantes of the Staple, the Marchantes of proviso for* Newe Castle upon Tyne Hartilpoole and Barwike, theyr Servantes Factoures and Attoumeis and everie of them, to carry and .transporte all suche laufull Wares as heretofore they have been accustomed and laufully might; Any thing in this Acte to the coritrarie notw^standing.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the due Execuc&n of the Writ De excommunicato capiendo.

FORASMUCHE as dyvers psons offending in many greate Crimes and Offences, apperteyning merely to the For remedying Jurisdiction and Determinac&n of Thecclesiasticall Courtes and Judges of this Realme, arr many tymes unpunyshed for lack and want of the good and due execuc&n of the Writte De excommunicato capiendo, directed to the Sheriffe executing Writ* of any Countie, for the taking and apprehending of suche Offendours; the greate Abuse wherof as yt should seme capiendo™™""1"10 bathe growen, for that the sayd Writte ys not returneable into anye Courte that might have the Judgement of the well executing and serving of the said Writt, according to the Contentes therof, but hitherto have been lefte onely to the discretion of the Sherifes and their Deputies, by whose Necdigences and Defaultes for the most parte, the said Writt ys not executed upon thoffendo' as yt ought to bee; By reason wherof suche Offendoures bee greatly encoraged to contynue theyre synnefull and crymynous Lyes, muche to the Displeasure of Almyghty God, and to the greate Contempte of the Ecclesiasticall Lawes of this Realme: Wherfore for the Redresse therof, Bee it enacted by the Quenes most excellent Mab‘ w0* thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same. That from and after the first daye of Maye next coming, every Writt of Excommunicato An inch Writi, Capiendo that shalbe graunted and awarded out of the Highe Courte of Chancerye against any pson or psons w,hin rw °"k.n t* the Realme of Englande, shalbee made in the tyme of the Terme, and returneable before the Quenes Highnes her ™*|j' '"ti/-heires and successoures, in the Courte comonly called the Kings Benche, in the Terme nexte after the Teste of the ensuing Term into same Writt, and that the same Writt shalbee made to conteyne at the least Twentye Days betwen the Teste and the diS bethere Returne therof; And after the same Writte shalbee so made and sealed, that then the said Writt shalbee foorthew,b openly delivered, brought into the said Courte of the Kinges Benche, and there in the presence of the Justices shalbee opened and °he S^nff- who delyvered of Recorde to the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the serving and executyon therof shall apperteyne, or to shall be imerced in his or their Deputie or Deputies; And yf afterwardes it shall or maye appeare to the Justices of the same Courte for du^'!rturad!S n<>t

the tyme beyng, that the same Writt so delyvered of Recorde bee not duly returned before them at the daye of the

Returne therof, or that anye other Defaulte or Negligence hathe been used or hadd in the not well serving and executing of the sayd Writ, that then the Justices of the said Courte shall and maye by aucthoritee of this Acte, assesse suche Amerciament, upon the said Sheriff or other Officer in whom suche Defalte shall appeare, as to the discretyon of the sayd Justices shalbee thought meete and convenient, wc>‘ Amerciament so assessed shalbee extreated into the Courte of Thexchequer as other Amerciamentes have been used.

II.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That the Sheriffe or other Officer to whom suche Writt of At Retum-day of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Proces by vertue of this Acte, shalbee directed, shall not in any wise bee compelled ^ji]ly^0not to bring the bodye of suche pson or psons as shalbee named in the sayd Writ or Proces, into the said Courte of the

Kings Benche, at the daye of the Returne therof; but shall onely returne the same Writt and Proces thither, w,h n«> m invtntut,

declaration brefly howe and in what maner he hathe served and executed the same, to thintent that therupon the said Justices may then further therin procede according to the Teno' and Effecte of this pnte Acte; And yf the said Sheryff time Two Month* or other Officer to whom thexecucon the sayd Writ shall so appertayne, doo or shall returne that the ptie or pries named in the said Writt cannot bee founde w^in his Baleefweek, that then the said Justices of the Kings Benche for d* P,rty.

the tyme beyng, upon every suche Returne, shall awarde one Writ of Capias against the said pson or psons named in Forfeiture of .£10; the said Writ of Excomunicato Capiendo, returneable in the same Courte, in the Terme tyme, Twoo monethes at the least next after the Teste therof; wth a Proclamacon to be conteyned w,hin the said Writ of Capias, that the Sheriff or •h*U be e.treated, other Officer to whom the same Writ shalbee directed, in the full Counrie Courte or elles at the Generali Assises and ClP"

Gaole Delyverie to bee holden wu'in the same Counrie, or at a Quarter Sessions to bee holden before the Justices of Proclamation, to Peace w"*in the same Counrie, shall make open Proclamacon Tenne dais at the least before the Returne that the ptie Forfriulreofj£ao. or pries named in the said Writ, shall wthin Sixe Days next after suche Proclamac&n, yelde his or theyr Body or Bodyes " continually to the Gaole and Pryson of the said Sheriff or other suche Officer, there to remayne as a Prysoner according to the "k*ii lumader

’ 0. omits.

* Informacon O.

Gov

452

5° Eliz. c. 23.

A.D. 1562-3.

III.

Party surrendering shall be kept in Custody, as under Writ De excom. cap.

IV.

Penalty on Sheriff for false Return of Default, to the Party.

V.

Saving for Authority of the Bishop, &c. to receive Submission of the Party excommunicated, &c.

teno' and effecte of the first Writ of Excomunicato Capiendo, upon payne of forfeiture of Tenne Poundes; And therupon after suche proclamacftn had and the said sixe daies paste and expired, then the said Sheriff, or other Officer to whom suche Writ of Capias shalbee directed, shall make Retume of the same Writ of Capias into the said Courte of the Kings Benche, of all that hee hathe doone in thexecuc&n therof, and whether the ptie named in the sayd Writ have yelded his Bodie to Prison or not: And yf upon the Returne of the said Sheryff yt shall appeare that the ptie or pties named in the said Writ of Capias, or any of them, have not yelded theyr Bodies to the Gaole and Pryson of the said Sherif or other Officer, according to theffecte of the same PrOclamac&n, that then every suche pson that so shall make Defaulte, shall for every suche Defaulte forfaite to the Quenes Highnes her heyres and successours Tenne poundes, whiche shall lykewise bee extreated by the sayd Justices into the said Courte of Exchr qqer in suche maner and fourme as Fines and Amerciamentes there taxed and assessed arre used to bee: And therupon the sayd Justices of the Kinges Benche shall also awarde for the one other Writ of Capias against the pson or psons that so shalbee returned to have made Defaulte, w"’ suche like Proclamaf&n as was conteyned in the first Capias, and a payne of Twenty poundes to bee mentioned in the sayd seconde Writte and Proclamation; And the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the said [Writt of seconde Capias'] shalbee so directed, shall serve and execute the same seconde Writ in suche like maner and fourme as before ys expressed for the serving and executing of the sayd first Writte of Capias; And yf the Sheryff or other Officer shall returne upon the said seconde Capias that he hathe made the Proclama£6n according to the teno' and effecte of the same Writt, and that the ptie hathe not yelded his body to Pryson according to the teno' of the said Proclamac&n, that then the sayd ptie that so shall make Default shall for suche his Contempte and Defaulte forfaite to the Quenes Highnes her heyres and successoures the some of Twentye poundes; wch sayd some of xx ti. the said Justices of the Kinges Benche for the tyme being shall likewise cause to bee extreated into the said Courte of Exchequer, in maner and forme aforesaid : And then the said Justices shall likewise awarde foorthe one other Writt of Capias against the sayd ptie, wIh suche lyke Proclamac&n and Payne of Forfeyture as was conteyned in the said seconde Writ of Capias; And the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the said thirde Writ of Capias shall so bee directed, shall serve and execute the said third Writt of Capias in suche like maner and forme as before in this Acte ys expressed and declared for the serving and executing of the said first and seconde Writtes of Capias: And yf the Sheriff or other Officer to whom thexecuc&n of the said third Writt shall appertayne do make Returne of the sayd thirdd Writ of Capias that the ptie upon suche Proclamac&n hathe not yelded his bodye to pryson according to the teno' therof, that then everie such ptie for everie suche Contempt and Defaulte shall likewise forfaite to the Quenes Ma'" her heires and successoures other Twenty powndes; wch some of xxii. shall likewise bee extreated in the said Courte of Thexchequer in maner and fourme aforesaid; and therupon the said Justices of- the Kinges Benche shall likewise awarde foorthe one Writ of Capias against the said ptie, w,h like Proclamac&n and like payne of forfeiture of xx ti. And [that also'*] the said Justices shall have aucthoritee by this Acte infinitly tawarde suche Proces of Capias, w" suche like Proclamac&n and payne of forfeiture of xx ti. as ys before limited against the said ptie that so shall make Defaulte in yelding of his body to the pryson of the Sheriff, until suche tyme as, by Retume of some of the said Writtes before the said Justices, yt shall and maye appeare that the said ptie hathe yelded hymself to the custodye of the sayd Sherif or other Officer according to the teno' of the said Proclamac&n: and that the ptie upon every Default and Contempt by him made agaynste the Proclamaf&n of any of the said Writtes so infinitly to bee awarded against hym, shall incurre like payne & forfeyture of xxii. wch shall likewise bee extreated in maner and fourme aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthorire aforesayd, That when any psone or psons shall yelde his or their Bodye or Bodyes to the Handes of the Sheriff or other Officer upon any of the sayd Writtes of Capias, That then the same ptie or pties that shall so yelde themselfes shall remayne in the pryson and custodye of the sayd Sheriff or other Officer, w’hout Bayle Baston or Maynepryse, in suche like maner and fourme to all Intentes and Purposes as he or they shoulde or ought to have doone yf he or they hadd been apprehended and taken upon the sayd Writt of Excomunicato capiendo.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf any Sheryf, or other Officer by whom the sayd Writte of Capias or any of them shalbee returned as ys aforesaid, doo make an untrewe Returne upon any of the sayd Writtes, that the ptie named in the said Writt hathe not yelded his Bodye upon the said Proclamaf&ns or any of them, where indede the ptie dyd yelde himself according to Theffect of the same, That then every suche Sheryf or other Officer for every suche false and untrewe Retume shall forfaite to the ptie greyed and dampnified by the said Returne, the some of fourty poundes; for the wch some of xl ti. the sayd ptie greyed shall have his Recoverye and due Remedye by Actyon of Debt Bill Playnte or Informacon in any of the Quenes Courtes of Recorde, in w* Action Bill Playnte or Informac&n no Essoigne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted or alowed for the ptie Defendante.

Saving and reserving to all Archebishoppes and Bishoppes, and all others having aucthoritee to certefie any pson excommunicated, like aucthorite taccept and receyve the submission and satisfacc&n of the said pson so excommunicated in maner and fourme heretofore used, and him tabsolve and release, and the same to signifie'as heretofore hathe been accustomed to the Quenes Ma,ie her Heires and Successoures into the Highe Courte of Chancerye; and therupon to have suche Writtes for the delyverance of the said pson so absolved and released from the Sheriffes Custodye or Pryson, as heretofore they or any of them had or of right ought or might have hadd; Any thing in this presente Statute specyfyed or conteyned to the contrarye hereof in any wise notwithestandyng.

’ seconde Writt of Capias 0. ’so further 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 23, 24.

453

(') Provided alwayes, That in Wales, the Counties Palatines of Lancaster Chester Durham and Elye, and in the Cing^ Fortes, being Jurisdictions and Places exempte wher the Quenes Ma"* Writt dothe not rune, and Proces of Capias from thense not returnable into the sayd Courte of the Kinges Benche, after any Significavit being of Recorde in the sayd Courte of Chancerie, the teno' of suche Significavit by Mittimus shalbee sent to suche of the head Officers of the said Countrey of Wales, Counties Palatines and Places exempte, w'^in whose Offices Chardge or Jurisdiction Thoffendo' shalbee resiaunt, That ys to saye, To the Chancello' or Chamberlayne for the said Countie Palatyne of Lancaster and Chester, and for the Cyncq, Portes to the Lorde Warden of the same, and for Wales and Elye and the Countie Palatyne of Durham, to the Cheif Justice or Justicer ther; And thereupon every of the sayd Justices and Officers, to whom suche tenour of Significavit w,h Mittimus shalbee directed and delyvered, shall by vertue of this Estatute have Power & Aucthoritee to make like Proces to thinferiour Officer and Officers to whom thexecufbn of Proces there doothe apperteyne, retumeable before the Justices there at their next Sessions or Courtes twoo monethes at the least after the Teste of every suche Proces; so allways as in every degree theye shall proceed in their Sessions and Courtes against Thoffendo" as the Justices of the sayd Courte of Kinges Benche are lymitted by the tenor of this Acte in Terme tymes to doo and execute.

Provided also and bee yt enacted, That any pson at the tyme of any Proces of Capias (afore mentyoned) awarded beyng in Pryson, or out of this Realme in the pties beyonde the Sea, or w^in Age, or of non sane memorie, or Woman Covert, shall not incurre any of the paynes or forfaitures afore mentioned, whiche shall growe by any Retume or Defaulte happening duryng suche tyme of Nonage Imprysonement beyng beyonde the Sea or non sane memorie; And that by vertue of this Estatute the ptie greyed may pleade every suche cause or matter in barre of and upon the Distres or other Proces that shalbee made for levyeng of any of the sayd paynes or forfaitures: And that yf the Offendo' against whom any suche Writt of ExcSmunicato capiendo shalbee awarded, shall not in the same Writt of Excomunicato capiendo have a sufficient and laufull addition according to the fourme of the Statute of Primo of Henrye the Fifthe, in cases of certayne Suites wherupon Proces of Exigent are to bee awarded, Or yf in the Significavit yt bee not conteyned that Thexcomunicatyon dothe proceade upon some Cause or Contempte of some originall Matter of Heresie, or refusing to have his or their Childe baptysed, or to receave the Holy Comunyon as yt comonlye ys nowe used to bee receyved in the Churche of Englande, Or to come to Dyvyne Service nowe comonlye used in the said Churche of Englande, or Errour in Matters of Religyon or Doctryne nowe receyved and alowed in the sayd Churche of Englande, Incontinencye Usurye Symonye Perjurye in the Ecclesiasticall Courte or Idolatrye, That then all and every paynes and forfaitures lymitted against suche psons excomunicate by this Estatute, by reason of suche Writ of Excomunicato capiendo wanting sufficient addicbn, or of suche Significavit wanting all the Causes afore mentioned, shalbee utterly voyde in Lawe, and by waye of Plea to bee alowed to the ptie greyed: And yf the addicbn shalbee with a Nuper of the Place, then in every suche case, at thawarding of the firste Capias w'h Proclamation according to the fourme afore mentioned, one Writt of Proclamacbn (w^out anye payne expressed) shalbee awarded into the Conntie where the Offendo' shalbee most comonly resiant, at the tyme of thawarding of the said first Capias withe payne in the same Writt of Proclamacbn, to bee retumeable the day of the Retume of the said first Capias w"1 payne, and Proclamacbn therupon at some one suche tyme and Courte as ys prescribed for the Proclamafbn upon the said first Capias withe payne: And yf suche Pclamacbn bee not made in the Countie where Thoffendo' shalbee most comonly resyant, in suche Cases of addiebns of Nup, That then suche Offendo' shall susteyne no payne or forfeyture by vertue of this Estatute for not yelding his or her Body accordyng to the tenour afore mentioned; Any thing before specifyed to the contrarye hereof in anye wyse notwithestanding.

VI.

Procew against Offender* in Wale*, Countie* Palatine, See. on Tenor of Significant into Chancery being tent by Mittimus to the Head Officer* in Wale*, See.

VII. Proviw for Prisoner*, Infant*, Feme* Covert, and other diabled Penon*.

Addition of the Party a* required by i H.V. c. 5.

Causes of Excommunication to be specified in the Significavit;

Where Addition i* with a nuper, a Writ of Proclamation without Penalty shall iuue into the County where the Party dwell*.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Actb for the revivyng of a Statute made An0 33* Henr Octavi, towching the making of Gaoles.

WHERE in the Parliament begune and holden at London the thirde day of November in the xxjth yere of the Reigne of the late King Henry Theight, and from thence adjourned to Westfii and there holden and continued by prorogacbn untill the XVth day of January in the xxiij yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henry Theight, there was then in that Session of Pliament one Acte and Statute made and established for the making of Gaoles in dyvers Shyres of this Realme ; whiche Acte was then made to continue and endure for one yere nexte after the ende of the same Plyament; as by the same Acte more playnelye appearethe: And Where also the said Acte and Statute at dyvers Pliamentes holden and kepte after the makyng therof in the tyme of the said late King Henry the Eight, was contynued and kepte in full force and strengthe untill the Deathe of the said late King, as by the same Acres of contynuaunce more playnly may appeare: And Where in the Pliam' begune and holden at Westffi the fifthe (*) of October in the first yere of the Reygne of our late Sovereigne Ladye Quene Marye, and there upon Progacbn contynued and kepte untill the vju‘ day of December then next folowing, the said Acte and Statute and all Clauses and Sentences therein conteined was then made to continue and endure untill thende of tenne yeres next ensuing thende of the same Pliam'; as by the same Acte more plainly dothe appeare: And Forasmuche as the sayd Acte for the making of Gaoles made in the said xxiij"* yere of the Reigne of the said late King Henry Theight ys verye good and profitable for the CSmonwelthe of this Realme; Bee it therfore enacted and established by thaucthorite of this pnte Pliament,

St.13H.VHi. C.l. for making Gaol* in certain Shire*, la*t continued by 1 M*ry, St.i. c.14. further continued for Ten Year*.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in one separate Schedule.

•claye 0.

Voi,. IV.

5 L

454

5° Eliz. c. 24, 25.

A.D. 1562-3.

ii.

Justices in the Countie* named in 13 H.VIII. c. a. may execute the Act.

III.

Justice* in Countiea of Pembroke, See. may execute the recited Act there.

Majority may act in all Cares.

IV.

Counties shall not repair Gaols where others are bound to do so.

That the sayd Acte for makyng of Gaoles, and all Clauses Articles and Provisions in the same conteyned, shall contynue and endure in full Force and Effecte, and bee observed and kepte in all things, unto the ende and terme of tenne yeres nexte ensuing the last daye of this pnte Pliament.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of every of the Shyres named and expressed in the said Acte, or the most pte of the said Justices of Peace in every of the sayd Shyres, within the Lymites of their Comission, shall have full power and aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte at all time and times w'hin the said terme of tenne yeres, to doo make and execute, and cause to bee doon made and executed, all and every suche Acte and Actes Thinge and Things requisite for the making and building of the said Gaoles, as they or any of them might or ought at anny time have doone by vertue of the said Acte made in the sayd three & twenty yere of the said late King Henry the Eight.

(') Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That the Justices of Peace, of the Counties of Pembroke Glamorgan Cardigan Radnor and Mountgomerye in Wales, or the most pte of them resiant w^in every of the said Counties, and all suche Surveyoures Collecto" and other Psons to whom Thexecucbn of the said first resited Statute dothe or may appertayne, shall have suche and like power and aucthoritee to doo & execute all and every suche thinge and things, for and concerning the building and newe making of Gaoles, as the Jusdcf of Peace and other Psons before mentyoned of any of the Counties conteyned in the said first recited Statute have in that behalf: And that also the most parte of the Justices of the Peace, resiant wthin any the Counties specified in the said first recited Estatute, shall and maye doo and execute all and every thing and thinges mentioned in the said first resited Estatute touching or concerning the said Gaoles; Any Doubte or Ambiguitee heretofore had or mooved or heereafter to bee had or moved notwithestanding.

Provided also, That Thinhabytantes of any of the Counties specified in the said first resited Act, or in anye of the said Counties of Wales, shall not bee chardged by force hereof, or of the sayd first resited Acte, to beare or sustayne any Costes or Chardges for the building repayring or newe making of any Gaole or Gaoles, where any other Pson or Psons Body Politic^ or Corporate ought by Lawe Prescription, or by any other goodd or lawfull wayes or meanes, to buylde make or repayre the same.

Recital of Sut.

35 H.VIII. c.6. J3. granting Tale* de Circumitantibu*,

011 failure of Jury

Justice* of the Great Seuion in the KTeral Countie* of Wale*, and in Countie* Palatine of Cheater, Durham, and Lancaster, empowered to grant Tale* de Circumttaniibu*, on future of Jury there.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte to fill upp Juries De Circumstantibus lacking in Wales.

WHERE in the Parlament holden at Westmynster in the xxxv,h yere of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde Kyng Henry Theight, Father to our most deare Sovereygne Ladye the [Quenes1] Ma'1' that nowe ys, one holsome & profitable Acte and Estatute amongst other was then established and enacted, intituled by the name of an Acte concerning thapparance of [Juries1] in Nisi Prius, where amongst other thinges in the Acte, it was establsyhedd, that where a full Jurye returned betwixte ptie and ptie dyd not appeare before the Justices of Assise or Nisi Prius, or els after Apparance of a full Jurye by challendge of any of the pties the Jurye was lyke to remayne untaken for default of Jurours, that the same Justices upon request made by the ptie Playntyf or Demandant should have aucthoritee, by vertue of the same Acte, to comaunde the Sheryf, or other Minister or Ministers to whom the making of the said Retume shoulde appteyne, to name and appoynt as often as nede shoulde require, so many of suche other liable psons of the said Countie then pnte at the said Assise or Nisi Prius as shoulde make up a full Jury, wrt psons so to bee named and impanelled by suche Sheryf or other Minister or Ministers, shoulde bee added to the former Panell, and their Names annexed to the same; and further as in the same Acte more playnely maye appeare; Whiche sayd beneficiall Acte dothe not extende unto the Twelve Shires of Wales, ne to the Countye Palatyne of Chester, nor to the Countye Palatyne of Lancaster, nor to the Countye Palatyne of Durham; By reason wherof manye Juries remayne untaken betwext the pties, what for lacke of Apparence of Jurers, and some because of Chalengf, to the greate hynderance of Justice, and greate Expenses and Chardges to the pties: For Reformacon wherof bee yt enacted by the Quene our Sovereygne Ladye, wth thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pham* assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same. That in every of the Shires of Wales, that ys to saye, Pembroke Karmarthen Cardygan Brecknocke Radnor Glamorgan Mountgomerye Denbighe Flynt Meryoneth Angleseye Carnarvan, and in the Countye Palatyne of Chester, and in the said Countie Palatine of Durham, and in the said Countye Palatyne of Lancaster, where a full Jurie shall not appeare before the Justices of the Greate Session in any of the sayd Shires or Countye Palatynes, or theyr Deputies there. Or els after Apparance of a full Jurye by Challendge of any of the pties the Jurye ys lyke to remayne untaken for defaulte of Jurours, that then the same Justices, in every of the sayd Shires and Countie Palatines for the tyme beyng or their Deputie or Deputies, upon request made by the ptie Playntyef or Demaundant, shall have full aucthoritee by vertue of this Acte to comaunde the Sheryff, or other Minister or Ministers to whom the making of the sayd Retume shall appteyne, to name and appoynt as often as nede shall require, so many of suche other able psons of the said Counties then pnte at the said Greate Session as shall make up a full Jurie, wth psons so to bee named and impanelled by suche Sheryf or other Minister or Ministers, shall bee added to the former Panell, and their names annexed to the same; And that every of the pties shall and

* The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * Quene her O. 1 Jurers 0.

»v Gck >gle

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 25.

455

maye have his or their Challendge to the Jurours, so named added and annexed to the saide former Panel 1 by the said SuchTsleimenmiy

Sheryf or other Minister or Ministers, in suche wise as yf they had been empanelled upon the Venire facias awarded to * cl"UenKe<,» kc-

trye the said Issue; And that the said Justices and every of them, and their Deputie or Deputies, shall and maye proceade

to the triall of every suche Issue, w* those persons that were before impanelled and returned and w,h those newly

added and annexed to the saide former Panell by vertue of this Acte, in suche wise as they might or ought to have

doon yf all the said Jurours hadd been returned upon the Writt of Venire facias awarded to trye the sayd Issue;

And that all and every suche Tryall had, shalbee as good and effectuall in the Lawe to all Intentf Const rucc&ns and jurT

Purposes, as if suche Triall had been hadd and tryed by xij of the Jurours impanelled and returned upon [the1] Writ of retu "J on

Venire facias awarded to try such Issue; And in case suche psons as the saide Sheryf Minister or Ministers shall name Wnt > and appoynte as is aforesaid, or any of them, after they shalbee called be pnte and doo not appeare, or after his or their Talesmen Appearance doo wilfully w'Mrawe him or themselves from the presence of the Courte, that then suche Justices or theyr the

Deputies, shall and may sett suche Fine upon every suche Jurour, making Defaulte or willfully w^drawing himself as aforesaid, as they shall thinck good by their discretions, the said Fyne to be levyed in suche maner and fourme as Issues forfeyted and lost by Jurours for Defaulte of their Appearance, as ys provided by the Lawe and Custome of the said Countreis of Wales and Counties Palatines aforesaid where suche Issues are forfayted.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That where any Jurye that shalbe returned by the Sheryffe jliro, returned not or other Minister or Ministers, shalbe made full by the Comandem' of the said Justices or their Deputies by vertue of ^vttTlfeirhsue* this pnte Acte, that yet nevertheles suche psons as were returned in the said Panell, by the Sheryf or other Minister although Tales or Ministers, to trye any suche Issue, that shall not appeare but make Defaulte, shall lose thissues upon them returned * gr,nted' in suche wise as thoughe the same Jurye had remayned for Defaulte of Jurours.

Provided always and bee yt further enacted, That upon a reasonable excuse for the Defaulte of Appearance of any Court may Juro' or Juro", sufficiently proved before the Justices of the Great Sessions or their Deputies, in the Cuntreys and the

Counties Palatines aforesaid at the Daye of their Appearance, by Thothes of twoo laufull and honest witnesses, that of luuet, the same Justices shall have aucthoritee by their discretions to dischardge every suche Juro' of every suche forfeyture on Clu,c ‘h°’ of Issues upon him returned ; and that the said Shirif or Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers having commandem' by the said Justices to omit the returning of suche Issues as is aforesaid upon suche Juro' or Juro", shalbee therin dischardged of the Penalties aforesaid for the non returning of the sayd Issues, and that yet notwithstanding the sayd Retume to bee good and effectuall in the Lawe; Any Lawe Usage Ordinance or Custome to the contrary notw^standing.

Provided also and be yt enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That if the said Justices or their Deputies afore whom ||[lir[ of Ju*roft> any suche Jurie shoulde appeare in the Shieres or Counties Palatines where suche Issue is to be tried, do not come at dUcharged, the Day & Place appointed, That then every one of the same Juro" shalbe discharged for forfeiting of any Issues upon d0 not ^tcad. him returned in the same Writ; And the Sherif or other Minister or Ministers shalbe likewise discharged of the Penalties of this Statute for the non returning of suche Issues as are before limited in this Acte; Any Article or Sentence herein conteyned to the contrarye notw^standing.

And also bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid, That yf upon any suche Writ of Habeas Corpora or r__________h on‘ shtnffl

Distringas, Issues bee returned upon any Hundredoures Juro' or Juro" by the Sheryf, or other Minister or Ministers to returning I»ue»,

whom Thexecucbn of the same Writ or Writtes shall appertayne, where as the same Hundredours and Jurours shall ^Tummon'd"0'

not bee laufully somoned warned or distreyned in that behalf, Thatt then every suche Sheryf or other Minister or Double Amount.

Ministers aforesaid shall lose for every suche Offence so edmitted dooble so muche as the said Issues returned upon

suche Hundredoures or Jurours not laufully somoned warned or distreyned shall amoute unto; The Moytie of all Application of

wcfc forfeitures conteyned in this pnte Acte, other then Thyssues to bee returned upon the Jurours as ys aforesaid, For 'lturc*-

shalbee to the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye her Heires and Successoures, and thother half to hym that will sue

for the same by Action of Debt Bill Playnt or Informac&n, in the Quene her Graces Create Courte w^in the said

Countie where suche forfeiture shal happen to bee, before the said Justices his or their Deputie or Deputies, in w'h no

Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Proteccon shalbee alowed ne admitted.

VI.

Sayino to all maner of Psons (*) Bodies Politic^ and Corporate their Heires and Successoures, having laufull Right Saving of Righti Title and Interest to have suche Issues to bee before any suche Justices or their Deputies at any tyme or tymes to ",ue*

hereafter lost and forfeited, all suche Right Title and Interest as they or any of them should or ought to have hadd to suche Issues to be lost and forfeited, as thoughe this Acte had never bene hadd or made.

VII.

Provided also, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteined shall not extende to any Citie or Towne Corporate, Act thall not affect or to any Sherif Minister or Ministers in the same, for the Retume of any Inquest or Panell to bee made and foCx™n°fJur0r* returned of Psons inhabiting in the said Cities or Townes Corporate; but that they and every of them shall and Corpoiate. may retume suche Psons in every suche Inquest or Panell as before this time they might and have been accustomed to doo, and as if this Acte had never been hadd or made; so that the same Sherif Minister or Ministers retume upon suche Psons as shalbee impanelled suche like and reasonable Issues as they ought to retume; Any thing in the same conteined to the contrary notw^standing.

1 0. omits.

• and O.

456

5° Eliz. c. 26, 27.

A.D. 1562-3.

Recital of Stat.

*7 H.VIII. c. 16. for inrolling Conveyances by Bargain and Sale in the Court! at Westminster, (See. or in the several Counties, &c.;

Not extended to Lancaster, he.

Inrollments of all such Cunvcyances in the Courts of Lancaster. Chester, and Durham, or before the Justices of Assise there, declared as valid as if in the Courts at Westminster.

iL

Proviso for Corporations, fee. inrolling Deeds.

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Acte for thenrollem' of Indentures of Bargayne and Sale in the Quenes Ma'" Courtes.

WHERE in the Parliament holden upon Prorogation at Westminster, the Fourthe Daye of February in the xxvijlh yere of the Reign of our late Sovereigne Lorde of most famouse Memorye King Henry Theight, and there continued and kept till the xiiijlh daye of Aprill then next ensueng, It was enacted, That from the last daye of Julye w* was in the yere of our Lorde God One Thousande fyve hundrethe thirtie syxe, no Manours Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes shoulde passe alter or chaunge from one to an other, wherby any Estate of Inheritance or Freeholde shoulde bee made or take effect in any pson or psons, or any Use therof to bee made by reason onely of any Bargayne and Sale therof, except the same Bargayne and Sale were made by Writing indented sealed and inrolled in one of the Kings Courtes of Recorde at Westni, or els wthin the same Countie or Counties where the same Manours Landes or Tenementes so bargayned and solde lye or bee, before the Custos Rotulorum and twoo Justices of the Peace, and the Clarck of the Peace of the same Countie or Counties or two of them at the least, (wherof the Clarck of the Peace to bee one,) and the same Inrollementes to bee hadd and made within syxe monethes next after the date of the said Writing indented; as by the same Acte of Pliam' amonge other thinges theryn conteyned more at large yt dothe appeare: And Forasmuche as the same Acte of Pliam' dothe not extende to make any Inrollmentes of any Deedes indented of suche Bargaynes and Sales, made of any Mano" Lands Tentes or Hereditamentes heng and beyng wuin the Counties Palatyne of Lancaster Chester and the Bishopriche of Duresme, to bee good or of any force in the Lawe, in any the Quenes Courtes of Recorde w^in the sayd Counties Palatyne of Lancaster Chester or Bishopriche of Duresme: Bee it nowe therfore enacted by the Quene our Sovereygne Ladye w"’ thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall of this pnte Pliam' assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, That from the Feaste of Easter next coinyng, all Inrollementes of suche Writinges indented, of any Bargayne and Sale after the said Feast of Easter to bee made of any Manours Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes sett heng or being in the sayd Counties of Lancaster Chester and Byshopriche of Duresme, beyng made and inrolled, w"*in syxe monethes nexte after the Date of any suche Writinges indented, in the Quenes Court of Chancerye at Lancaster, or before the Quenes Justice or Justices of Assises at Lancaster aforesaid, concerning any Manours Landes Tentes or Hereditamentes w^in the sayd Countye of Lancaster, or in the Quenes Courte of Thexchequer at Chester, or before the Quenes Justice or Justices of Assises at Chester aforesaid, concerning any Maours Landes Tentes or Hereditamentes w^yn the said Countie of Chester, or in the Courte of Chauncerye at Duresme, or before the Justice or Justices of Assises at Duresme aforesaid, concerning any Manours Landes Tentes or Hereditamentes w"4n the said Countie of the Bishopriche of Duresme, shalbee accepted reputed deemed and taken by thaucthoritee of this Acte, to bee as good and avayleable in the Lawe to all Internes Constructions and Purposes, as yf the same Writinges indented had bene made and inrolled in any of the Quenes Courtes at Westminster ; Any Thing conteyned in the said former Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithestanding.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte nor any Thing theryn conteyned extende to any Mano" Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes lyeng and beyng w’ln any Cirie Borowghe or Towne Corporate, w^n any of the said Counties, wherein the Maiours Recorders Chaumberlaynes Bayliefes, or other Officer or Officers, have aucthoritee and have laufully used tenroll any Evidences Deedes or other Writinges withein their Precincte or Lymites; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithestanding.

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Acte towching Fines to bee levied in the County Palatyne of Durham.

Fines levied before the Justices of the County Palatine of Durham, proclaimed at three Sessions, in Presence of the Justices of Assise, declared valid.

IN most humble wise shewen unto yo' most excellent Ma'te, yo' trewe and faithfull Subjectes and liegemen thynhabytantes of the Countye Palatine of Durham, That Whereas by aucthoritee of Pliam' dyvers necessarye and beneficiall Estatutes have been made for and concerning the levyeng of Fines w"1 Proclamac6n, wcb arre not onely necessarie for the preservation of Quietnes and Concorde amongst yo' loving Subjectes, and for thadvoyding of Stryfe and Contention, but also for the greate and perfecte Assurance of all suche psons to whom suche Fynes are levyed of anye Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes; whiche sayd beneficiall and necessarye Estatutes doo not extende to anye Fines to be levyed withein the sayd Countie Palatyne of Durham: In tender Consideration wherof, pleasithe it yo' most excellent Mau', that yt maye bee enacted by yo' Highnes, and the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, That all and singler Fynes which at any tyme hereafter shalbee levyed or knowledged before the Justice or Justices of the said Countie Palatine for the tyme beyng, aucthorised for that purpose and cause, of any Landes Tenementes or other Hereditamentes lyeng or beyng wu,iii the said Countie Palatyne of Durham, w^ shalbee openly redde and proclaymed twoo severall days in the Open Sessions in the presence of the Justices of Assises [at1] Durham, or one of them for the tyme being, at the same Sessions that the same Fyne shall fortune to be engrossed, and also that shalbee openly redde and proclaymed in the presence of the Justices of Assises at Durham, or one of them for the tyme beyng, at the twoo next General Sessions that shalbee holden in the Countie Palatyne of Durham before the Justices of the same Countie, comonly called Justices of Assises at Durham or one of them, next after the levyeng or ingrossing of suche sayd Fyne, shalbee of like and the same Force Strengthe and Effecte in the Lawe, to all Internes Constructions and Purposes, as Fynes beyng duly levyed withe Proclamations before the Quenes Justices of her Comon Please at Westmynster bee or ought to bee.

■of 0.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 28.

457

i

s

i

e

r

i

H

11

t

!'

i«

l*

ii

CHAPTER XXVin.

An Acte for the translating of the Bible and the Dyvine Service into the Welshe Tongue.

’WHEREAS the Quenes most Excellent Ma"*, Iyke a most godly and virtuous Prynces having cheif Respect V ▼ and Regarde to the Hono' and Glorye of God and the Soules helthe of her Subjectes, did in the first yere of her Reigne by the Aucthoritee of her Highe Courte of Pliam*, cheifly for that purpose called, set for the a Booke of Comon Prayour and Order of Thadministraf&n of Sacramentf, in the vulgar Englishe Tongue, to bee used throughe all her Realme of Englande Wales and the Marches of the same; that therby her Highnes most loving Subjectes understanding in their own Language the terryble and fearfull Threatningf rehearsed in the Book of God ageynst the wicked and malefacto", the pleasant and infallible promises made to the Electe and chosen Flock, w01 a just Order to rule and guyde theyr Lyves according to the Comandem’f of God, might muche better learne to love and feare God, to serve and obey theyr Prynce, and to knowe their Dudes towards their neyghbou"; w* Book being receyved as a most precious Juell w'h an inspeakable joye of all suche her Subjectes as did and doo understande Thenglishe Tongue, the w* Tongue ys not understanded of the most and greatest nouber of all her Ma"" most lovyng and obedient Subjectes inhabiting w^in her Highnes Dominion and Contrey of Wales, being no small parte of this Realm, who therfore arre utterly destituted of Gooddes Holy Woorde, and doo remayne in the like or reyther more Darcknes & Ignorance then they were in the tyme of Papistrye: Bee it therfore enacted by the Quene our Sovereigne Ladye the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pnte Pliam* assembled and by thaucthorite of the same, That the Byshoppes of Hereforde S* Davydes Assaphe Bangor and Landaphe, and their successoures, shall take suche Order among themselfes for the Soules helthe of the Flockes comitted to their Chardge w^in Wales, That the whole Byble conteyning the Newe Testam* and Tholde, w"* the Booke of C5mon Prayo* and Administrac&n of the Sacram'f as ys nowe used wthin this Realme in Englishe, to bee trulye & exactly translated into the Brittishe or Welshe Tongue; and that the same so translated, beyng by them vieued pused and allowed, bee imprinted to suche nomber at the least that one of eyther sorte may bee hadd for every Cathedral! Collegia! & Pishe Churche & Chappell of Ease, in suche Places & Countreys of every the said Diocesses where that Tongue ys comonly spoken or used, before the first daye of Marche that shalbee in the yere of or Lorde God XV c lxvj"1; And that from that daye foorthe the whole Dyvyne Service shall bee used and sayd by the Curates & Ministers, throughout all the said Diocesses where the Welshe Tongue ys comonly used, in the said Brittishe or Welshe Tongue, in suche maner and fourme as ys nowe used in the Englishe Tongue, and dyffering nothing in any Order or Fourme from Thenglishe Book; for the wd" Bookes so imprinted, the Pishioners of every of the said Pyshes shall paye thone half or moytee, and the Parson & Vicar of every of the said Pishes (where bothe bee) orels thone of them where there ys but one, shall paye thother half or moytie; the prices of w* Bookes shalbee appoynted and rated by the said Bishoppes and their successoures, or by three of them at the least; the w* things yf the said Bishoppes or their successoures neglecte to doo. That then every one of them shall forfeit to the Quenes Matt her heires and successoures the some of fowrtye powndes to be leviede of their Goodes and Cattelles.

Bee it further enacted by thaucthorite aforesaid, That every Minister and Curate w°4n the Diocesses beforesaid, where the Welshe Tongue ys comonly used, shall from the Feast of Whitsontyde next ensueng untill the foresaid (•) daye of Marche wch shalbee in the yere XV c lxvj, at all tymes of Comgnion declare or reade Thepistle and Gospell of the day in the Welshe Tongue to his or their Pishioners in every of the said Churches & Chappelles; and also once every Week at the least, shall reade or declare to their said Pishioners in the said Churches, the Lordes Prayo* Tharticles of the Christian Faithe the Tenne Comaundementf and the Letany, as they are set foorthe in Thenglishe Tongue, in the said Welshe Tongue, w*h suche other pte of the Comon Prayer & Divine Service as shalbee appointed by the Bishoppe of the Dyoces for the tyme beyng.

(*) Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesaid. That one Booke conteyning the Bible, and one other Book of Comon Prayer in Thenglishe Tongue, shalbee bought and had in every Churche throughout Wales, in w* the Bible and Book of C5mon Prayer in Welshe ys to bee hadd by force of this Acte (yf there bee none alreadye) before the first daye of Marche wch shalbee in the yere of our Lorde God XV c lxvj; and the same Bookes to remain in suche convenient Places w^in the said Churches; that suche as understande them may resorte at all convenient times to reade and puse the same, - and also suche as doo not understande the sayd Language maye, by conferring bothe Tongues together, the sooner attayne to the knowledge of the Englyshe Tongue; Any thyng in this Acte to the cpntrarye notwithestanding.

1 first 0. * This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

6 A

Book of Common Prayer authorized by St. t Eliz. c. s.

The Bible and Book of Common Prayer shall be translated into the Welsh Tongue, under Direction of Five Bishops, and printed and distributed to the Churches in Wales, and Divine Service shall be performed in Welsh;

Penalty on such Bishops for Neglect, £40 each.

II.

Until 1 March 1 j66 the Epistle, Gospel, Lord's Prayer, Ac. shall be read in Welsh.

III.

A Bible and Prayer-Book in English shall be provided for every Church in Wales, for those who understand or wish to learn English.

J^ by Got. gle

45b

5° Eliz. c. 29.

15 62-3.

Grant by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury of a Subsidy of (Si. in the Pound.

Tenor of the Grant:

Motives for the Subaidy;

Grant of 6». per Pound on the Value of all Spiritual Promotions,

as rated to the King’a Tenth;

Payable only on Nine-Tenthij

Not payable for the ririt Year after Promotion;

Payable in Three Yean, at. each Year;

Time* of Payment.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Acte for the Confirmac&n of a Subsidye granted by the Clergye.

"TY THERE the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye have moste lovinglie and liberallye, for certaine V ▼ Considerac&ns, given and graunted to the Quenes Ma'k a Subsidie of Sixe shillingf of the pownde, to be taken and levyed of all and singuler the Spuall Promoc&ns within the same Provynce during the terme of three yeres now next ensuinge, in suche certaine manner and fourme, and w* suche Exceptions and Provisions, as be specified and conteyned in a certaine Instrument by them therof made and delivered to the Quenes Highnes, under the Seale of the moste Reverende Father in God Mathew now Archebisshopp of Cantorburye and Primate of all Englande, wch Instrumente is now exhibited in this pnt Plament to be ratefyed ; The Teno’ wherof ensuethe in thes Wordes:

The Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye, beinge lawfullie congregated and assembled togither in a Convocac&n or Synode, callinge to their Remembraunce the greate and manifolde Benefittf w* theie have manye and sundrie waies received of your Ma*" moste gracious bowntefullnes, principallye for the settinge fourthe and advauncinge of Goddf Hollie Worde his syncere and trewe Religion, and abolishinge all Forrayne Power contrarie to the same; consideringe allso the greate Debtes wherew"1 Thimperiall Crowne of this Realme was charged when it pleased Almightie Godde first to call your Highnes to the Gouvem*nce of the same ; And further wayinge the greate and intollerable Charges wherew'1' your Mau* of late hath byn burdeyned, in the repayring and fumishinge of your Ma’" Navye and Provision of Armour and Munic&ns moste necessarie and requisite for the defence and saufegarde of this Realme, wherof the same at the begynninge of your Highnes Reigne was voyde and destitute; And finallye ponderinge the inestimable Charges susteyned by your Highnes aswell of late dayes in reducinge the Realme of Skotelande to Unitye and Concorde, as allso in procuringe as muche as in your Highnes lyethe by all kynde of godlie and prudent meanes the abatinge of all Hostilitie and Psecuc&n w,hin the Realme of Fraunce, practized and used against the professo" of Goddf Hollie Gospell and trewe Religion, and in defendinge and preservinge this your Highnes Realme and naturall Subjects in Christian Peace and Tranquillitie against all Assaultes of Forrayne Ennemyes hitherto, duringe all the tyme of your moste gracious and happie Reigne: In Consideration of the Premisses, and for a trewe declaracon of o' bownden dewties good harts and myndes towarde your Ma"', With one uniforme Agremente Accorde and Consent togither, w*" moste hartic good will, have given and graunted, and by thes pntf do give and graunte, to your Highnes your Heires and Successo", One Subsidye in maner and fourme followinge, That is to saye; That everie Archebishopp Bishopp Deane Archedeacon Prebendarie Provost Master of Collegf M' of Hospitallf Pson Vycar, and everie other Parsone and Parsons of whatsoever Name or Degree he or theie be, enjoyinge anny Spuall Promoc&n or other Temporall Possessions to the same Spuall Promocon annexed, now not devided nor seperated by Acte of Plament or otherwise from the possession of the Clergie, shall paye to your Highnes your Heires and Successo", for everye pownde that he maye yerelye dispend by reasone of the saide Spuall Promoc&n, the some of Sixe shillingf: And for the trewe and certaine vallewe of the saide PromocSns and everie of them wherof the paymente shalbe made, the Rate Taxafbn Valuac&n and Estimac&n remaining of Recorde in your Ma'" Courte of Exchequer, for the trewe paymente of the ppetuall Disme, concerninge all suche Promoc&ns as be in possession of the Clergye, or anny other not devyded by Acte of Plament or otherwise alyenated from the Possession of the Clergie, shalbe followed and observed, withowt makinge any Valuaf&n Rate Taxac&n or Estimac&n, other then in the saide Recorde is comprised j Provided allwaies, That forasmuche as the Tenthe Pte of the saide Valuac&n and Rate before mentioned is yerelye paide to your Highnes for the ppetuall Disme, so as there remaynethe onelye nyne ptes to the Incumbent clere. This Subsidye of vjs. the pownde shalbe understated and ment onelye of the same nyne ptes and of no more: Provided allwayes, That no Parsone that is allredie promoted to anny Spuall Benefice or Promoc&n sithens the last daye of Septembre last past, or that hereafter shalbe promoted to anny Spuall Benefice or Promoc&n on this syde the last daye of Septembre wA shalbe in the yere of or Lorde Godde a thowsande five hundred sixtie and five, by reasone wherof theie be shall or maye be charged to the paymente of the First Fruictf, shalbe contributorie or charged to your Highnes your Heires or Successo" w"1 anny pte of this Subsidie during the first yere of his saide Promoc&n: And Your saide Prelates and Clergie allso do graunte that this Subsidye of vj s. the pownde of the yerelye vallewe of everie Promoc&n taxed as aforesaide, shalbee paide to your Mali' your Heyres or Successo" within three yeres nexte ensewinge the date heros. That is to saye, ij s. of everie pownde in everie of the said three yeres, the first payment therof to be dewe at the last daye of Septembre nexte ensuinge w* shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thowsande five hundred sixtie and three ; And the seconde payment therof to be dewe at the last daye of Septembre then nexte followinge, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde Godde a thowsande five hundred sixtie and foure; And the thirde payment therof to be dewe in the saide last daye of Septembre then nexte following, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsande five hundred sixtie and five; and to be delivered and paide yerely, by suche parsone and psons as in this pnt Graunte shalbe appointed to have the Collection therof, to the Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beinge, or to suche parsone or parsons and in such Place or Places as shall please your Highnes to appointe, to be paide at or before the thirtenthe daye of Januarye in every of the saide Three yeres, withowt payinge anny Thing to the Receivo' or Receivo", or to anny other Officers or Psons to be assigned for the Receipte therof, for anny Dischardge or Quietus est upon anny Paymente and Receipte of the saide Subsidie to be given and delivered, but onelye iij s. iiij d. for the generall and final! Acquittaunce or Quietus est for everie yeres Paymente

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 29.

459

Item, We Ydur saide Graces Prelates and Clergie allso do graunte, that everie Preist, and all other Spuall or Ecctiasticall Psons, having anny Penfftn by reason of the Dissoluftm of anny the late Monasteries Colleges Free Chappellf Ch*untries Fraternities Guyldes and Hospitallf, or of anny other Spuall Dignitie or Corporad&n nowe dissolved within the said Provynce of Cantorburio, shall lykewise paye to your Highnes, your Heires and Successo", Sixe Shillingf of everie Pownde of the saide Penc&ns within the saide Three yeres, at suche Dayes and Tymes as is before specified; And that for the sure Payment therof, Deduction and Retenc&n of the, saide Sixe Shillingf shalbe made yerelye in the Handes of the Payers of the saide Penf&ns after the Rate and Proporcion of ij s. the Pownde everye of the saide Three yeres, to be delyvered and paide by your Highnes Receivo" and Officers deputed for the Paymente of suche Penf6ns unto your Ma" use, at suche tyme and to suche parsons as the Subsidye of vj s. of the Pownde aforesaid shalbe paide unto: Item, Your saide Prelates and Cleargie doo graunte that everie Preist or Minister Stipendarye receyvinge annual 1 Stipende of Eight Powndes by the yere and under, beinge no perpetuity within the said Provynce, shall paye unto thuse of your Highnes, your Heires and Successo" Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence in everie of the saide Three yeres, at suche tyme and to suche psons as the saide Subsidye shalbe paide, and under the same penalties as the rest of the Clergie doo paye for their Promoc&ns; And that everie Preist receiving Stipende above Eight powndes yerely and not above Tenne powndes, to paye lykewise Tenne Shillingf; and that everie Preist receivinge Stipende above Tenne pownde and not above Thirtene powndes sixe shillingf eight pence, to paye Thirtene Shillingf foure pence yerelie duringe the saide Three yeres, at suche tyme and to suche parsons as the saide Subsidye shalbe paide ; and that everye Preist takinge Stipende above Thirtene powndes sixe shillingf eight pence, to pay lykewise xij d. of the pownde everie yere duringe the saide Three yeres: and for defaulte or lack of payment of the saide Stipendaryes, that everie Parsone Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall Parson Proprietarye or Fermo', hyring anny Preist or Minister to serve in anny place, shalbe answerable for the payment of the saide Preiste or Minister in that Bihalfe after the saide Rates, and shall and maye make Retention of his and their Wages q,'terlye of so much as the saide Stipendaryes be charged w* by this pnt Graunte everie of the saide Three yeres: Item, Yor sayd Prelates and Clergie further doo graunte that everie Archebishopp and Bishopp, and the See being voyde everye Deane and Chapiter of that Sea voyde, shalbe Collecto" of this Subsidye within their proper Diocesse during the saide Three yeres, other then of the Pensyoners aforesaide; and the saide Archebishoppe Bishopp or other Collecto", and the Sea beinge voyde the Deane and Chapter, shall certefye into your Ma"" Courte of the Exchequer under their Seales, the names and surnames of all suche Stipendarye Preistf and Ministers as bee chargeable by this Acte before the xxiiij,h daye of Januarye yerelye duringe the saide three yeres: And for the better Recouverie of the saide Subsidye, your saide Prelates and Clergie moste humblie beseche yo' Highnes, that everie Collecto' of the saide Subsidye and of everie pte and pcell therof, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, maye have full Power and Aucthoritie by your Ma"* and your Highe Courte of Plamente, to use all suche Wayes Meanes and Processes as be prescribed in your Acte of ppetuall Dysme for the Collection and levyinge of the same, and shall make Accompte therof before the Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme being, or anny other Officers by your Highnes to be appointed for the same, and in suche Place as your Ma*" lykewise shall assigne, in suche wise and after suche fourme onelye as the saide Archebisshopp and Bishoppf be now charged for the collection of the ppetuall Disme •, wherby is ment how the Lacke and Defaulte of Payment of and for anny pticuler Promof&n, shall onelye charge the Incumbent and suche as bee bounde to paye the same, and that uppon suche paynes as bee provyded in that Acte of Plament of ppetuall Disme, against them that make Defaulte in that bihalfe, at or uppon the dayes of paymente before expressed: And that Tharchebisshopp Bishopp or Deane and Chapiter, gatheringe that w* theie can receive and makinge payment therof, shall for the rest not by them received be discharged by their Certificate to be made before the xxiiij"‘ daye of Januarye in every of the saide Three yeres, unto your Highnes Courte of Exchequer, And sixe pence of everie Pownde wherew* the Collecto' shalbe charged in his Accompte, clerelye to be paide into the saide Receipte, or into suche other place as shall please your Highnes to appointe, shalbe allowed to the saide Collecto' for his saide Accompte for the same, for the Charges and Collection Portage sause conveyinge and payinge of the saide Subsidye : Allso your saide Prelates and Cleargie doo further moste humblie beseche your Highnes, that it maye be enacted by your Ma*" Aucthoritie and your Highe Courte of Plament, That where divers Curates lyable to this Subsidye, beinge oftentimes removable, doo serve aswell in divers Impropriations belonginge to your Ma1* as in other Impropriations and other Spuall Promoc&ns belonging to other parsons, that for the spedye Recouverie of the saide Subsidie it maye be lawfull to the Collecto' or Collecto" of the saide Subsidye, their Deputie or Deputies, to levye the saide Subsidie uppon the Fermo' or Fermo" and Occupyers of all suche Impropriae&n or Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promof&ns, by all Censures of the Churche and everie of them, or by waye of Distresse of the Tythes of the said Impropriaf&n or Impropriac&ns, or otherwise uppon the Goods and Catallf of the said Fermo' or Fermo" and Occupyers, in the w* no Inhibic&n Prohibic&n Replevye or other Processe awarded to the contrarie shalbe obeyed; Any Lawes Statutes Priviledges or Customes to the contrarie hereof, heretofore made graunted or used or hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrarie in anny wise notw*standinge: And that it maye be lawfull to the Collecto" and the Officers and Ministers of suche Archebishopp Bishoppe or Deane and Chapiter, for not paymente at anny tyme of the saide Three yeres abovesaide, to prayse and vallewe the saide Distresse or Distresses by twoo indifferent Neighbo" by him to be chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so praysed to sell and therof to detayne so muche Money as shall amounte to the s5me payable to your Highnes, wUl the Charges of the saide Collecto' in that bihalfe, and the rest of the Moneye made of the saide Distresse to be delivered and paide to the Owner or Occupyer therof: And that everye Archebishopp and Bishopp or Deane and Chapiter of everie See vacant, and other parsons chargeable to and with the Collection of the Subsidie of Sixe Shillingf the Pownde within the said Provynce of Cantorburie, maye have upon everye payment therof made to the Lorde Highe Treasourer

A like Subsidy on Peniiom to Priests, ftc.

Proportional Subsidy on Stipends to Priests.

Bishops, kc. shall be Collectors 5

with like Powers as for leryine the King's Tenth.

Allowance for Collection.

Impropriators, kc. shall pay Subsidy of the Curates of Benefices impropriate.

Distresses may be sold. See.

Acquittances to Collectors paying Subsidies to the Treasurer.

460

5° tiLiz. c. 29

A.D. 1562S.

Defaulter shall forfeit Profits of his Benefice.

No Spiritual Promotion liable to Lay Subsidy.

Deans, &c. chargeable for their own Promotions only.

Exemption of Revenues appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Subsidy on Pensions may be retained by the Payer.

Exemption for Chantries, 8rc. vested in the Crown under St. I E. VI. c. 14.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, itc.;

Benefices not exceeding jgj

Pensions not exceeding 40s.;

this Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme being, or to suche parsone or psons place and places to whome and where it shall please your Highnes to appointe for the Receipte therof, in or at the xiij'*1 daye of Januarye in everie of the saide Three yeres, a sufficyent Acquittaunce in writinge of the said Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer or such psons as your Highnes shall assigne for the Receipte therof, the same Acquittaunce witnessinge the Receipte of as muche of the same some of the saide Subsidye as shalbe so receyved; And everie suche Acquittaunce in writing, sealed and subscribed w* the name or names of the saide Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasorer for the tyme beinge, or of suche other parsone or psons as it shall please your Highnes to appointe for the same Receipte as is aforesaide, maye be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and allso sufficyent Dischardge to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes; and that everye psone and psons w'* shall have and receive anny suche Acquittaunce, shall paye but onelye iij s. iiij d. to the Clercke for the writinge of the same: Provided allwaies, that everye Incumbent makinge suche defaulte of paymente, after Certificate of everie suche Defaulte made and exhibyted into your Ma*f Courte of Exchequer, shall forfaite and lose onely that his Benefice or Promoc&n for w^ he makethe Defaulte, and for the same shall incurre no other Forfayture Losse Domage Payne or Penaltye, Anny other Payne Clawse Artyde or Condic&n in the saide Statute of ppetuall Dysme to the contrarie notwithstanding: Provided allwaies that no Spuall Promoc&n or anny Landes Possessions or Revenewes annexed to the same, beinge charged by this Gr*unte or Acte of the Provynce of Cantorburie, or anny Goods or Cattallf growinge beinge or renewinge of the same or appertayning to the Owners of the saide Spuall Promoc&n, shalbe charged or made contributorye to anny Fyftene or Tenthe or anny other Subsidye allreadie graunted to your Highnes by the Laitye or hereafter to be gr*unted during the tearme of the saide three yeres: Item, Your saide Prelates and Cleargie further gr*unte, that all Deanes Archedea£&ns Dignities Preachers and Prebendaryes of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches w,hin the saide Provynce shalbe charged w* this Subsidie for their owne Promoc&ns onelye therof to paye sixe shillingf of the pownde within the saide three yeres as is above rehersed ; And that those porc&ns of Rents Revenewes and Spuall Promoc&ns w"* have byn given or impropried unto the saide Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or anny of them, by yor Highnes or anny your Highnes noble Progenito™ or anny other psone or psons whatsoever he or theie be or weare, for the yerelye maintenaunce of poore Men Schoolemaisters Usshers Gramaryans Petycannons Vicars Chorall and Readers of Divinitye, Choristers and all other necessarie and dailye Officers and Ministers of suche Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches, shall not be charged w* anny pte of this Subsidye: Provided allso, That everie Psone Vycar or other Spuall Pson payinge any Penc&n, wherof none Allowaunce is made in the valewac&n of his saide Promoc&n or Benefice, shall and maye retayne ijs. of everie pownde of every suche Penc&n, everie yere duringe the saide three yeres, to his owne Reliefe; in considerac&n that he is charged to paye this Subsidie of vj s. of the pownde owt of everie pounde of the whole valewe of his Promoc&n: Provided allso. That where certaine Landes Tents Rents Tythes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruictf and other Hereditament^ latelye belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches and to other places Eccfiasticall w,hin the saide Provynce of Cantorburye, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent to and on the fyndinge and mayntenaunce of certaine Countries Anniversaryes Obytes Lights Lampf and other lyke Charges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Handes and Possession of the late Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, by force of a Statute therof made in the first yere of his gracious Reigne, as by the saide Statute more playnelye apperethe, that the said Cathedrall Churches, and the Deanes or Presidents and Chapito" of the same, and all other Places and Psons to whome the saide Landes Rents and all other the Premisses or anny of them did latelye appertayne, shall not be charged to and w‘ any Contribuc&n or Paymente of this Subsidye, of and for that Pte or Porc&n wherunto the saide late Kinge was entytled or possessed of, nor of and for anny of the saide yerelye paymentf goinge owt or paide owt of the Premisses or anny pte therof; but that this saide Subsidie shalbe understanded to be chargeable and dewe onelye of all and singuler Landes Tents Rents Tithes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruictf and other Heredytamentf whiche doo yet still remayne not dissevered from the Handes and Possession of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other the Places and Psons aforesaide; and that deduction and allowaunce be made to them and everie of them, in the paymente of the saide Subsidye, owt of the whole vallewe Taxac&n and Estimac&n made for the payment of the saide ppetuall Disme remayninge of Recorde in your Highnes Courte of Exchequer, for that rate and porc&n or yerelie paymente wch cam to the Handes and Possession of the saide late Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, or otherwise severed from the Possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other Places and Psons aforesaide by force of the Statute premysed: Provided allwayes. That the Subsidye graunted by the Clergie shall not be demaunded or levyed owt of anny Benefice Howse of Students or College scituate or sett within the Universities of Cambridge and Oxforde, or of anny Benefice or other Revenewes, unto the saide Universities, or either of them, or to anny Howse of the Students or College in the same, unyted appropried or appertayninge, or of the Colleges of Wyndeso' or Eaton nighe Wyndeso', or of the Colledge called S' Marye College by Winchestre fownded by Willyam Wickh*m sometyme Bisshopp of Winchestre, or of anny Hospitallf or Grammer Scooles, or of any other Churche or Benefice, or of anny other Revenewes to the saide Universities Howses Colleges Hospitallf Almeshowses Almeshallf or Gramar Scooles, or to anny of them, annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayninge: Provided alwayes, that all Psons and Vycars whose Benefices be of the Valuac&n of Five Powndes or under, after the Rate of the ppetuall Tenthe, shall not be charged or chargeable with this Subsidye or anny pte therof: Provided allso, that everie Preiste and all other late Ectsiasticall psons, havinge a Penc&n by reason of the Dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colleges Free Chappellf Countries Fratemityes Guyldes and Hospitallf or anny other Incorporac&ns within the Provynce of Cantorburye, or anny of them, and being of the some of Fourtie Shillingf or under, and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable to this saide Subsidye, or anny pte therof for anny suche Penc&n of xl s. or under; Anny Thing conteined in this Graunte to the contrary notwithstanding: And for the trewe and sure Paymente of this Subsidye gr'unted by your said Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburye, accordinge

Got*

to the Teno' Purporte EfFecte and trewe Meaninge of this pnt Graunte, your saide Prelates and Clergie moste humblye desire yor Highnes that this their saide Gyfte Graunte and Subsidye, and everie Matter Some of Moneye Clawse Provisions and Sentences in this Instrumente conteyned conceminge the saide Subsidie, maye be ratefyed established and confirmed by Aucthoritie of this your Highnes Courte of Pliament.

Wherefore for the trewe and sure payment of the saide Subsidye graunted by the saide Prelates and Clergie of the saide Provynce of Cantorburie, accordinge to the Teno' Effecte and trewe Meaninge of the saide Instrument, Be it enacted by the Quenes Mau* with thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this pnt Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same, That the saide Gifte and Graunte, and everie Matter some of Moneye Provision Clause and Sentence in the saide Instrument conteyned, maye be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoritie aforesaide.

And Furthermore be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That everie psone that shalbe appointed to the Collection and Gatheringe of the saide Subsidye, shall have full power and aucthoritie to levye take and pceive the same Subsidye by thauctoritie of the Censures of the Churche, in manner and fourme as in the saide Instrument of Graunte is conteyned, withowt daungier of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse uppon the Possession of the Fermo" or Occupiers of the Landes and Tent? chargeable by the saide Instrumente for or to the paymente of anny some or somes of Moneye, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collecto' therof; And that no Replevye Prohibic&n or Supsedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for anny parsone or psons makinge defaulte of payment of the saide Subsidye, contrarie to the teno' of the Graunte therof, untill suche tyme as theie have trulie satisfyed and contented all suche pte and porcJins as to them in that Bihalfe appertaynethe: And that everie suche Fermo' and Fermo'* their Executo" and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and w"1 the paymente of the saide Subsidye or anny pte therof shall, by thauctoritie aforesaide, be allowed and retayne in his Handes asmuche of his yerelie Rent and Ferme as the some wth he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Lesso' shall extende unto; Excepte the saide Fermo' or Fermo" their Executo" and Assignes by the Lease and Graunte that thei have of anny pte of the Landes Tithes Proffitt? and Teiitf chargeable to this saide Subsidye or by force of anny Coven*nte or Artycle therin conteyned, be bownden and charged to paye the same and therof to dischardge their Leasor and Landelorde during the Tearme mentioned in the saide Leasse.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie of this pnt Plament, That everye Laye Parsone having a Spuall Promocbn chargeable by this Acte and allso havinge Temporall Possessions Goods Cattallf and Debtes chargeable to the Subsidye gr*unted in this Pliament by the Temporaltie, shalbe charged taxed and sett for his saide Spuall Promoc&ns w"1 the Clergie, and for his Temporall Possessions and Cattallf w"* the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; Anny thing before mentioned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That all and everie Gr*unte and Grauntf of all and everie some and somes of Money, wch hereafter shalbe gr*unted to the Quenes Mau* by the Clergye of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe of the same strengthe force and effecte in all things as the saide Graunte made by the saide Provynce of Cantorburie; and shalbe taxed certefyed collected levyed gathered and paide accordinge to the teno' fourme and effecte of this pnt Acte of Plament, to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, in suche manner and fourme as thoughe it were specially playnelye and pdculerlie expressed and rehersed in this Acte by expresse Wordes Tearmes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all Provisos before rehersed conteyned in the saide Graunte of the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Cantorburie, and the lyke of the same Provisions hereafter to be conteigned in the Graunte of the Prelates and Clergie of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe good and effectual! and to be observed and kepte in everie Poynte and Article accordinge to the trewe purporte and meaninge of the same.

The uid Subiidy

confirmed

accordingly.

U.

Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress on the Farmers, 8tc.

III.

Lay Persons shall be charged for Spiritual Promotions under this Act.

IV.

Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

V.

All Provisions in the Grants confirmed.

CHAPTER XXX.

An Acte of the Quenes Ma*" moste free and generall Pardon. (1)

THE Queenes most Excellent Majestie pceyvinge the good Wylies and faythfiill Hartes of her lovynge and obedyent Motives of Subject? at all tymes towardes her Highnes for the good Gov'nance and Defence of this her Reallme, and doutinge ,his p,rdon» that the same her obedyent Subjectes have manye and sundrie Wayes fallen into the Daunger of dyv*s Penalties and Forfaytures by the Lawes and Statutf of this Reallme, hathe thought mete to extende her Clemency and Petye towardes her sayd lovynge and obedyent Subject?, w,h her lyberall and free Pardon, accordinge to her Pryncely and Kingly Power, and thereby to dyscharge some pte of suche great Paynes Penalties and Forfaytures, wherew"1 her seid Subject? stande nowe burdeyned and charged, trustinge assuredly that they wyll contynewe in theire due Obedyens and Faythfullnes toward? her Ma"*, and hereafter in suche sorte obey the good Lawes and Statut? of this Realme, and specyally such as in this Sessyon of Parlyament are devysed, as to theym and ev'y of theym of Right and Dutye

1 From the Original Act : See Note at the beginning of this Year.

6 B

Disit GOv glc

462

5° Eliz. c. 30.

A.D. 1562-3.

General Pardon to all Subject!, Bodies Corporate, tic. in England, Wales, Jersey, &c. of all Offences, &c. not expressly excepted, committed, &c. before I January An. 5 Elia.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, at if all Offences, &c. were particularly specified.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fees; except i6d. to the Clerk.

IV.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned, Treble Damages, and Process declared void.

appurteyneth ; And therfore her Maj'y ys well pleased and contented that yt be enacted by the Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, in mann! and forme followinge, That ys to say; that all. and ev'y of her sayd Subjects (aswell Spuall as Temporall) of this her Heighnes Reallme of Englande, Wales, the Isles of Jemesey and Gemesey, the Townes of Barwyck and the New Haven in Normandy, theire Heyres Successor Executo's and Admynystrato's of theym and ev’y of theym, and all and singuler Bodyes in any manS of wyse corporated, Cyties Boroughes Shyres Rydingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villagf Hamlettf and Tythingf, and ev'y of them, and the Successo' and Successor of ev'y of theym, shalbe by Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyment acquyted pdoned releassed and dyscharged, against the Quenes Maju' her Heyres Successor and Executo's and ev’y of theym, of all manr3 of Treasons Felonyes Roberyes Offencf Contemptf Alyenacons Trespaces Intrucons Entryes Wrongs Deceiptf Mysdemeano's Forfaytures Penaltyes and Profettf, Sumes of Money, Paynes of Deathe, Paynes corporall and pecunyary, and generally of all other Things Causes Quarells Sutf Judgementf and Execuc&ns, in this pnte Acte hereafter not excepted nor forprysed, w* may be or can be by her Heighnes in any wyse or by any meane pdoned, before and unto the first day of Januarie in this pnte feyfte yere of her moste gracyous Reigne, to ev'y or any of her seide Subjects Bodyes Corporate Cyties Boroughes Shyres Rydingf Hundrethes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villagf and Tythingf or any of theym.

And alsoe the Quenes Heighnes ys contented that yt be enacted by Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyment, That her said free Pdon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to ev'y of her said Subjects, Bodyes Corporate, and other before rehersed, in and against all Things w'* be not hereafter in this pnte Acte excepted and forprysed, as the same Pdon should have bene, yf all Offences Contemptf Forfaytures Causes Matters Suytf Quarrells Judgementf Execuc&ns Penaltyes and all other Things, not hereafter in this Acte excepted and forprysed, hadde bene pdculerly singulerly specially and playnly named rehersed and specyfied, and alsoe pdoned by proper and expresse Woordes and Names in theire Kindes Natures and Qualyties, by Woordes and Termes thereunto requysyte to have bene put in and expressed in this pnte Acte of free Pardon ; And that her seid Subjects nor any of theym, nor Theires Executou's or Admynystrato's of any of theym nor of the seide Bodyes Corporate and others before named, nor any of theym, be nor shalbe sewed vexed or inquyeted in theire Bodyes Goodes Landes or Cattails, for any manS of Matter Cause Contempte Mysdemeano' Forfayture Trespas Offence or any other Thinge suffred done or comytted, before the seide fyrst daye of Januarye, ageinst her Heighnes her Crowne Dignyrie Prerogatyve Lawe or Statutf, but only for suche Matters Causes and Offences as be playnly rehersed in the Excepcons in this pnte Acte hereafter menc&ned, and for none other; Any Statute or Statutf Lawes Customes Usages or Presydent heretofore hadde made or used to the confrye in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Alsoe the Quenes Highnesse of her bountyous Lyberalytie, by Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, graunteth and freely gyvethe to ev'y of her saide Subjects, and to ev’y of the seide Bodyes Corporate and other before rehersed, and ev'y of them, all Gooddes Cattalles Debts Fynes Issues Profettf Amercyamentf Forfaytures and S5mes of Money by any of theym forfayted, wd to her Heighnes doe or shoulde belonge or appartcyne, by reason of any Offence Contempte Trespas Entrye Mysdemeanor Matter Cause or Quarrell suffred done or comytted by theym or any of theym before the seide fyrst day of Januarye, w* be not hereafter playnly forprysed and excepted in this pnte Acte; And that all and ev'y the Quenes said Subjects, and all and singuler Bodyes Corporate and other before rehersed, may by hym or theymselfes, or by his or theire Deputye or Deputies, or by his or theire Attorney or Attorneys, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and mynyster this pnte Acte of free Pdon, for his or theire Dyscharge of and for ev'y thinge that ys by vertewe of this pnte Acte.pdoned dyscharged gyven or graunted w,hout any Fee or other Thinge in any wyse payinge to any pson or psons for Wry tinge or Entree of the Judgement or other Cause conceminge suche Plee Writinge or Entree, but only Syxtene Pense to be payde to the Offycer or Clarke that shall entre the Plee Matter or Judgemente for the Pries Dyscharge in that Behalf; Any Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And furthermore the Quenes Heighnes ys contented and pleased that yt be enacted by thaucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, That her seide free Pardon by the geniall Woordes before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed adjudged allowed and taken in all manS of Courts of her Heighnes and ellse wheare, aswell in the Woordes and Clauses of the Excepcons and Forpryses spiffed in this pnte Acte, as in all and singuler other Clauses Woordes and Sentences mencyoned and rehersed in the siede free Pdon, most benefycyally and avayleablye to all and singuler her said Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehersed, and to ev'y of theym, and most strongly in barre and dyscharge against her Heighnes, her Heyres Successo's and Executo's in ev'y thinge, w^out any Ambyguytie Question or other Delay whatsoev yt shalbe to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the Quene o' Sov’eigne Ladye, her Heyres Successors or Executo's, or by hyr or any of theire geniall Attorney or Attorneys, or by anye pson or psons for her Heighnes, or any of her Heyres Successors or Executors.

And further yt ys enacted by the Quene o' Sov’eigne Lady, and by thaucthoririe of this pnte Parlyament, That yf any Offycer or Clarke of anye of her Heighnes Courts comonly called the Kings Benche Chauncerye and Comon Place, or of her Exchequere, or any other Offycer or Clarke of anye other of her Courts wlhin this Reallme, at any tyme after the xxvjm day of this pnte Monethe of Aprell, make out or wryte out any manS Writtf or other Processe, or any Exstractf Somons or other Preceptf, whereby any of the saide Subjects or any of the seide Bodyes Corporate or other before rehersed, or anye of them, shalbe in any wyse arrested attached dystreyned somoned or otherwyse vexed inquyeted or gryeved in his or theire Bodyes Landes Tentes Goodes or Cattails, or in any of theym, for or because of any manS Thinge pdoned or dyscharged by vertewe of this Acte of free Pdon, or yf any Sheryf or Excheato', or any of theire Deputye or Deputyes, or any Baylyf or other Offycer, by Colo' of his or theire Offyce or otherwayes after the

PENN STATI

A.D.l 562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 30.

463

seide xxvjlh daye of Aprell, doe levye receyve or take any thinge pdoned or dyscharged by this Acte, that then evy suche pson soe offendinge, and thereof laufully condempned, shall yeilde and paye for recompens thereof to the ptie so greyed or offended Treble Damages, besyde all Costes of the Suyte ; And nev’thelesse all and singuler suche Writtf Processe Extretf and Preceptf soe to be made, for or uppon anye mantiS thinge pdoned or discharged by this pnte Acte of free Pdon, shalbe utterlye voyde and of none effecte.

Excepte and alwayes forprysed out of this geffall and free Pdon, all and all maS of Heighe Treasons comytted or done by any pson or psons, by any overt Deade or Acte against the Quenes most Royall pson, and all Conspyracyes and Confederacyes Trayterously hadd comytted or done by any pson or psons against the Quenes pson; And alsoe Excepted all and all ma3 of Treasons comytted or done by any pson or psons in the ptyes beyonde the Sea, or in any other place out of the Quenes Domynyons ; and all Suytf Ponyshmentf Executions Paynes of Deathe Forfaytures and Penaltyes for or by reason or occac&n of any of the Treasons or Offences before excepted; And alsoe excepte and forprysed out of this free Pdon, all and all mann! of fourginge and counterfettinge of whatsoev5 Money or Coyne curi'unte in this Readme, and all and all mann! of Offences Impetyc&ns Punyshementf Forfaytures Paynes of Deathe Judgementf and ExecuC&ns for the same; And alsoe excepted and forprysed out of this generall and free Pdon, all and evfy Pyracy and Robberye done uppon the Sea, and all mann! of voluntarye Murders and wylfull Poysonyngf, and all and eVy Burgularye in any Dwelling Howse, and all and ev*y Robbery done uppon any pson or psons in any Dwellinge Howse or Howses in the Day tyme, and all Robberyes done uppon or to any Mans or Womans pson in the Heigheway or ells wheare, and all and singuler Accessaryes of or to any of the seide Offencf, and alsoe all Rapes and Carnall Ravysshementes of Women, all wylfull Escapes (aswell of Trayto" and Fellons as alsoe of Clarkf attaynted); And also excepted out of this geSall and free Pdon, all psons attaynted or outlawed for any Treason Murder Robbery or Burgulary; And alsoe excepted, all and ev*y manner of takinge from the Quene of any Goodes Issues Rents Revenues or Profyttf of any Manno's Landes Tentes or Heredytamentes of any Traytor Murderer Fellon Clarke or Clarkf beinge psons attaynted outlawed or fugytyves, or of anye of theym ; And alsoe excepted out of this Pdon, all mnaiJ of Intruc&ns hadde made or done by any pson or psons in or upon any Mannors Lands Tentes or other Heredytamentf of o' Sovereigne Lady the Quene, and the takinge of any the Issues and Profettf of the same Lands or Tentes of o' seide SoPeigne Lady, and alsoe all Suytf and Impetycons for the same; And excepted alsoe all Wastf comytted or done in anye the Quenes Wardes Lands, or in the Wardes Landes of any of the Quenes Comytties; And also all and ev*y Fyne and Fynes for the single and double value of the Maryage or Maryagf of all and ev*y the Quenes Wardes at any tyme growen to the Quenes Ma*" or any her noble Progenytors ; And alsoe all and ePye Concelement of any Custome or Subsedye ; And all and singler Accomptf of all and ev’y Collecto' and Collecto" of anye Subsedy Fyftene Benevolence Myse or Contrybucon; And of ev*y other pson whatsoev’ that ought to be Accompt*unte to the Quenes Heighnes, or to her most noble Father Kinge Henrye Theight, or to Kinge Edwarde the Syxte, or Quene Mary, or to any of theym, and Theyres Executo" and Admynystrators of ev*ye suche Accompt’unte ; and all and singuler Arrerages of Accomptes and all Impetycons Suytf Demands and Execuc&ns for the same; And alsoe excepte all Inclosures and Decayes of Howses of Husbandrye, and the con9tynge of any Lande from Tyllage to Pasture, made done comytted or pmytted cont*ry to the forme and effect of any Statute or Statutf heretofore made; And excepted and forprysed out of this free Pdon, all Issues Fynes and Amercyamentf afferred taxed sett extreted or entred, severally or partycularly, touchinge and conceminge any one pson or moe psons joyntly, extendinge to the some of Syxe poundes or above; and yet nev’thelesse, all and singuler other Fynes, aswell Fynes Pro licentia concordand as other, sett taxed entred or extracted, and all other Issues and Amercyamentf, aswell Ryall as other, w0*1 sev’ally or ptycularly extende not to the some of Syxe poundes, whether they be totted or not totted, taken to the charge of the Sheref or not taken to his charge, extreted or not extreted, or whether they be turned into Dett or not turned into Dett, and not beynge levyed nor receyved by any Sheryf or Sheryfff Baylyf Mynysters or other Offycers to the Quenes Ma'f use, shalbe fully clerely and playnly pdoned and dyscharged against the Quene our Sov’eigne Ladye her heyres and success for ev*, by this pnte Acte of free Pdon; And alsoe excepted and forprysed out of this free Pdon, all and all mann! of Deceiptf and Offencf of all and singuler Monyers and other Officers Mynters or Woorkemen of or in any of the Quenes Myntf w^in this Readme or any other her Domynyons, and all Impetic&ns and Punyshementf for the same; And alsoe excepted and forprised out of this geSall and free pdon, all Ravyshmentf and wrongfull takinge and w^holdinge of any the Quenes Wards or Wardes Landes, at any tyme comon or growen to the Quenes Hands, and not yet dyscharged ; And alsoe excepted, all Tytles and Acc6ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Relyef and Relyff Rents S'vyces Rents Chargf Rents Seckf, and the Arrerages of the same, not done or payde to the Quenes Heighnes ; And alsoe excepted, all somes of Money gr'unted to the Quenes Ma"' or to any her noble Progenyto's, by way or meane of Subsydye Fyftene Benevolence or Contrybucon, or by any of the same wayes or meanes ; And alsoe all Debts w* weare or be due to o' Sov'eigne Ladye the Quene, or to the most noble Kinge of famous memorye Kinge Henry the Seventhe, of to Kinge Henrye Theight, Kinge Edwarde the vj'6, or to the late Quene Mary, or to any pson or psons to any of theire uses, by any Condempnac&n Recognys’unce Obligac&n or otherwyse, other then suche as are due uppon any Obligacbn or Recognys'unce forfayted before the saide fyrst day of January for Non appearance in any Courte or other place, or for not kepinge of the Peace, or not being of good Behavyo'; And alsoe excepted and forprysed out of this Pdon, all and singuler those Forfaytures beinge due or accrued to o' Sov’eigne Lady the Quene, by any penaltie of any Statute or Statutf, Forfeytures be converted into the nature of Dett by Judgement or by the Agreament of the Offendo' or Offendo", orr ells whereof theire ys any Verdyct past for the Quene; And alsoe excepted all Forfaytures and other Penalties and Pfettf growen or dewe to y* Quene, by reason of any Offence Contempte or other Act hadde suffred comytted or done contrary to any Statute or Statutf or cont'ry to the C5mon Lawe, wherof any Informac&n ys gyven in the Quenes Excheckquere or into the Kings Benche, or wherof y* Quenes Heighnes by her Byll signed or otherwyse

VL

Exceptions from this Pardon • Treasons and Forfeitures thereon;

Conterfeiting Money j

Piracies; Murders Burglaries; Robberies ; Rapes j

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

«cc.

Intrusions;

Wastes in Lands of the King's Wards,

&c.;

Fines for Marriage;

Concealment of Customs

Accountants to the Crown.

Inclosures;

Issues affered, See. above £6;

Offences by Moneyers, &c. of the Mints j Ravishments of Wards

Quare Impedits, Homages, Scc.;

Subsidies>

Debts to the Crown except on certain Recognizances

Forfeitures adjudged, or proceeded for, or granted by the Crown;

D'

464

5° Eliz. c.30, 31.

A.D. 1562-3.

prisoners in Execution, &c.

Forgerie* of Deeds; Breaches of Corenant to the Crown

Fugitives for Treason;

Fugitives, &c.

II.

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

in.

Sheriffs shall be acquitted of Fines hereby pardoned.

IV.

Fines accounted for not pardoned.

V.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

heretofore hath made any Gyft or Assignement to any pson or psons; And alsoe excepte and forprysed out of this GeSall and Free Pdon, all suche psons as the tenth day of this pnte moneth of Aprell be in Pryson wu*in the Tower of London, or in the Pryson of the Marshallsea, or in the Fleete, and all psons putt to Execuc&n before the seide x* day of Aprell; And alsoe except out of this Free Pdon, all Offencf of forgeinge or counterfettynge of any false Deades Escriptf or Wrytingf; And alsoe excepte all Penaltyes Forfaytures and Tytles of CondicSn accrued or growen to the Quenes Maj"% by reason of the breache or not pformynge of any Coven*nte or Condyc&n; And alsoe excepted out of this GeSall and Free Pdon all and ePy suche pson and psons w* have heretofore fled out of this Realme of England or any other the Quenes Domynyons for any Offence of Heighe Treason Petye Treason or Mysprysyon of Treason ; And alsoe except out of this Pdon all and evy Offence and Offencf touchinge or conceminge the carriage sendinge or conveyinge ov* the Seas or out of this Reallme of any Gold Silv1 Jewellf or any Coyne of Golde or Sylv, cont’ry to the Lawes or Statutf of this Reallme, unlesse yt weare or be by the Quenes Lycens; And alsoe excepte all suche psons as be flede and gone out of this Realme cont*ry to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, w"‘out the Quenes Maj*f Lycens; And alsoe all suche psons as have obteyned and hadde Lycence to depte the Realme for a tyme and nowe doe abyde out of the Reallme, w‘hout any lafull Excuse after the tyme of theire Lycences expyred.

Provyded alwayes and be^yt enacted by the aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, That all and ePy pson and psons w14 have tendered and ought to sue Lyv’ye out of o' seide SoPeigne Lady the Quenes Hands, of or for any Mannors Landes Tefites or Heredytamentf whatsoev* they be, shall sue his or theire Lyverey and Lyvereys out of o' saide Sov’eigne Lady the Quenes Handes of his or theyre Manno's Landes Tefttes and Heredytamentf, in lyke manS and forme as they and ePy of theym shoulde and ought to have done yf this Acte hadde neP bene hadde ne made; Any Artycle Thing or Things in this pnte Acte of Generali and Free Pdon comprysed and specyfyed to the contrarye notw^standinge.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthorytie aforeseide, That in case yt be objected to or against any Sheryf or Sheryfff or other Accoinpt*untf in the Quenes Courte of Excheckquere or in any other her Courts, that any Sheryf or Sheryfff or other Offycers Accompt'untf have receyved or taken anye suche Fynes Lssues or Amercyamentf as by this pnte Acte be pdoned and acquyted ; That then ev*y suche Sheryf and Sheryfff and other Accompt*unlf shalbe dyscharged and acquyted thereof by his or theire owne corporall Oethe, to be mynystred and taken openly before the Barons in the seide Court of Excheckquere or before the Justicf in any other Courte, w^out any further Try all in that Behalf.

Provyded alway, That this pnte Acte of Free Pdon nor any thinge therein conteyned, in any wyse extende to dyscharge remytte or acquyte any pson or psons for any suche Issues Fynes or Amercyamentf as any Sheryf heretofore have accompted for, before the Barons of the Quenes Excheckquere orellswhere, and payde the same Issues Fynes and Amerciamentf upon his or theire seide Accompte determyncd to the Quenes use, and hath his or theire Quietus est for the same.

Provyded alwayes and be yt enacted by thaucthorytie aforeseid, That yt shalbe laufull to all and ev*y Clarke and other Offycer of any the Quenes Courts, to awarde and make Writtf of Capias Utlegatu at the Suyte of the Pty Playntyfe against suche psons outlawed as be pdoned by this Acte, to the entent to compell the Defend and Defendants to make aunswere to the Playntyf or Playntyfff at whose Sute he or they were outlawed; And that epy pson so outlawed shall sue a Wrytte of Scire facias against the ptye or ptyes at whose Suyte he or theye weare soe outlawed, before this Pdon in that Behalf shalbe allowed to hym that soe ys outlawed.

CHAPTER XXXI.

A Subsydye w,h two XV"" and X*4, graunted by the Temporaltye. (1)

Motive* of this flT^HE certeyn Knowlege and parftte Sence that We yo' Ma" most humble Subjects have and fele of the grete

A Felicitie whiche synce yor Reigne we hitherto have enjoyed, and nowe psently doo enjoye, farre beyonde all other Nations our Neybours, yea moche augmentyd to our Happyness, havyng regarde to the former troublesom tymes amongf Ourselffe, doth vehemently presse and enforce Us first and principally w*4 all o' Harts and Soules to acknowlege our most bounden Duetyes to Allmighty God the Kyng of Kyngf, for his exceading singuler and Dyvyne goodnes shewed to us his Creatures in preservyng for our Safetye after so many Stormes yo' Roiall Pryncely Parsone our most gracious Quene, and in guydyng and dyrectyng the same for o' Happynes, in soe unhappye an Age, thus happely quyetly and provydently to governe Us his People comytted to yo' Charge; And next for the same grete Benyfitf bestowed upon us by his Scifull goodnes, and through yor Ma"* Psone and Regyment, to offer or selves most redy w14 all Obeysaunce and Loialtye to serve and most humbly to obey yor Ma"* as Goddf ymediate Mynyster in Earthe,

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

Go

A.D. 1562-3%

5° Eliz. c. 31.

465

and supreme Govemo' over Us, to the uttermost of o' Power and Ende of o' Lyves: And furdermore consyderyng w® o' selfff and beholdyng manyfestly wtt o' Eyes, the many notable beneficiall and pryncely Acts doon by yo' Ma", with thassent of Goddf Favo' in these fewe yeres, for the Weale and Suretye of this yo' Realme ; First, in restoring Us to the Favo' Knowlege and true Service of Allmyghty God, by Restaraution into this Churche of England a sincere unyforme Rule and Order in Christian Religion, by delypye of Us and o' Consciencf from a foreyn unnaturall Tyrannye and Power, notw®stondyng the many and grete thretenyngf of worldly Power to the contrarye; Next, by reducyng this yo' Realme and all other yo' Domynyons from Warre wherin you founde yt, to Peax w® yo' Neighbours, whiche two godly Acts yo' Ma"* dyd accomplishe ymediatly at yo' first Entrye to this yo' Crowne; Thirdely, by the evydent Delyv*ye of this Realme from the grete and manyfest intendyd Invasions conspyred and prepared by Strangers, (the auncyent Enemyes of this Realme,) joynyng therwith the princely and upright Preservac&n of the Lybertye of the next Realme and Nation of Scotland, from ymynent Captivitie and DesolacSn, and so w®out any bluddye Battaill moste provydently (thogh chargeably) dyvertyng the Force of the Enemye intendyd against this Realme, to the' reprooffe; Fourthly, by repayring storing enryching buyldyng and reenforsyng this yo' Realme, w® the worthiest Treasures of Armure Munytion and all kynde of Provisions offensive and defensyve for War re, and of a Princely Navye of Shippes for the Service and Defence of this yo' Countrey and Us yor People; And next therto, as yt were in a tyme almoste desperate or doubtfull, for the weight of the matter, by conPtyng of the lothesome and vile grete and long growen Bulke of Copper and Counterfaite Moneys, eatyng and dayly consumyng the Hono' and Welthe of this Realme lyke a Canker, into Treasures only of Golde and Sylver Moneys, w,hout havyng any Peace of Copper Moneys currant in this Realme, a singuler phemynence above all Countreys in Xpendome; And lastly, by a moste provydent and seasonable Enterprise now taken in hand this yere, being thereto necessaryly provoked besidf the Foresight for Saffetye of yo' owne Realme for the Defence also of yo' Ma"* tendre yong Brother and next Neibo' the Frenche Kyng, beyng forcecyblye governed against his Lawes and Libertye, by reason of the Ambition of certeyn his uncontentyd Subjects being not disposed to lyve as Subjects in Quyetnes, as the Experyence of them towards this Realme hath also proved ; and consequently in this Enterprice yo' Ma"* not forgetting the juste and seasonable Recopye of an auncyent Porcion of this yo' Crowne, lately and unfortunately spoyled and broken of; And Wee also gel^ally taking and senciblye sealing, firom the highest of us to the lowest, through all Degrees Places and Tymes, an unyvWl and most blessed Frute of Justice, bothe for o' Lyves Lands Gooddf and Behavours, w®out acception of psones, to the inestymable yea and unaccumstomed Comforte and Joye of all yo' good and faithful) Subjects, and to the singler Recommendation of yo' Ma'" happynes to all Posterytye, being hitherto never compelled to taxe or reprehende moche lesse to drawe Blood of any psone for any Offence to yo' Ma"’ Roiall Psone, a Blissednes never injoied so long by any of yo' Progenito's to o' Knowlege: Whiche pryncely and notable Acts, w® many others not here for lengthe to be rehersed, have ben and for contynuance therof must nedf be so burdenows and chargeable to yo' Ma", that thogh We cannot in dede fynde an example of any one mete Present or Gyfte by Name of Subsidye or any other Reliefs or Ayde graunted to any of yo' Progenyto's sufficient to recompence and acquyte some one of these yo' many pryncely and notable Acts, or the Charges therin susteyned, yet we meanyng and freely of o' selfff intendyng, according to our bounden Duetyes, to make some kynde of Declaracftn Specificacon and Recognic&n of O' grete Debts of Service to yo' Ma"% being not liable to make any full Satisfaction as yo' Ma'" moste humble obedyent and loving Subjects, humblye on o' Knees beseche yo' Highnes, that at this tyme in stede of Satisfaction for o' grete Debts due for yo' pryncely Demerytf and Charges, our small Guyft may not be measured w* yo' Acts or w"‘ o' owne Debts to yo' Ma"', But of yo' accustomed Clemencye acceptyd, joyntly w"* the Treasure of o' humble infynyte and inmesurable Thoughts and Intencions of o' Harts towards yo' MaUe; and that for thacception therof yt may be by yo' Highnes the Lords Spuall and Temporall and Coens in this psent Plyament assembled, and by the aucthorytye of the same, enactid as folowyth : And be yt enacted that yo' Highnes, towards the said grete Costs and inestymable Charges, shall have by Aucthorytye of this psent Plyament, two hole XV°" and Xth* to be payed taken and levyed of the moveable Goods Cattallf and other Thyngf usuall to suche XV"" and X,h", to be contrybutorye and chargeable, w®in the Shires Cityes Boroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Ma"* Realme, in maner and so'me afore tyme used; Except the some of xij M1 Pounds therof fully to be deductyd, that is say, vj M1 Pounds of either of the said hole XVn" and X,h* of the s5me that one hole XV"' and X® attayneth unto, in Relief Comforte and Discharge of the poore Townes Cities and Burghes of this yo' saide Realme wasted desolate or destroyed or ov* gretly ympoverished, after suche Rate as was and hath afore this tyme ben had and made to ePy Shire, and to be dyvyded in suche Maner and Fo'me as heretofore for one hole XV" and Xth hath ben had and dyvyded ; And the said Two XV°" and X"1 (the Excepcions and Deductions aforesaid therupon had deductyd and allowed) to be payed in maner and so'me folowing, that is to saye; the first hole XV" and X® (except before exceptid) to be payed to yo' Highnes in the Receyt of yo' Highnes Exchequer before the x® daye of November next comyng; And the said seconde XV" and X,h (except before exceptid) to be payed to yo' Highnes in the Receit of yo' Exchequer, before the x® daye of November in the yere of o' Lorde God 1564.

And be yt furder enactyd by thaucthorytie aforesaid, That the Knyghtf electyd and reto'ned of and for the Shires w,hin this Realme for this psent Plyament, Citezens of Cityes and Burgeses of Burghes and Townes, where Collecto's have ben used to be named and appoynted for the Collection of any XV" and X® before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoynt yerely before the last day of August in either of the sayd two yeres, sufficient and liable psones for the Collection of the said XV" and X® in every of the said Shires Cityes Burghes and Townes, the said psones then having Lands Tents and other Heredytamentf in his or their owne Right of Estate of an Enheritance of the yerely value of xli. or in Gooddf worth Ch. at the least; And also suche psone or psones so by them to be

Grant of Two whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable in Two Years; deducting £6,000 out of each for Poor Towns, ice.

II.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of Parliament for the several Shires, Jtc. j

6 C

466

5°Eliz. c. 31.

A.D. 1562-3.

and allotted to aeveral Divisions; and accountable for the same severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery;

or in Default such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor

Their Allowance;

Process against them.

III. Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Subsidy.

IV.

Grant of Two Subsidies on Personalties ; viz. Of Subjects above

is. 8d. per Pound for the first Subsidy, and is. for the Second.

Of Aliens, 3s. per Pound for the first Subsidy, and as. for the Second.

named and appoynted for the Collectyon of either of the said XV"" and X'\ shalbe by them se^ally appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentackf Cities Borowes and Townes; And also the said p6ones so named and appoynted for the Collection of the same XV"" and X"1, shalbe charged & chargeable, upon his or theire Accompt or Accomptf in Thexchequer to be made, wth all suche some or s5mes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentackf Cities Burghes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amounte unto, and of no more s5me or somes; And upon the payment of suche somes of money as he or they shalbe charged w,h, shalbe discharged and have his and their Quietus est, the non accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or thinsufficiencye of them or any of them notw,hstondyng; And the Names and Surnames of ev*y the said Collecto's for the said XV"" and Xth during either of the said two yeres, togither w"1 the place allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knyghtf Citezens and Burgeses for the Shires Cities and Boroughes wherunto they bee electyd named and reto'ned shall certyfie, before the Quene in her Chauncery before the xxth day of October in ev'y of the same two yeres, accordyng to the tenor of this Acte: And yf defaulte of any suche certyfying be had or made in so'me as is aforesaid, then the Lorde Chauncello' of England or Kepar of the Grete Seall for the tyme being, shall ymedyatly after, name and appoynt Collecto's for the Collection of either of the said XV"" and Xth in maner and so'me as the said Knyghtf of the Shires Citezens of Cityes and Burgeses of Boroughes shuide have doon, and as aforetyme hath ben used; The whiche said Collecto's and evy of them, shall have lyke Allowance uppon their Accomptf for their Fees Wages and Rewardf for the Collection of the said XV" and X,h in as large maner and so'me as any Collecto' or Collecto's of XVm" and Xth have had at any season in tyme past; And that the Barons of the Quenes Eschequer for the tyme being shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde suche Proces for the spedy Payment therof against the Collecto' and Collecto's for the same, as by their Discrescions shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided allwaye and be yt enactyd by thaucthoritie of this p'sent Pliament, That the said Lorde Chauncelo' or Kepar of the Grete Seall for the tyme beyng, Knyghtf of-• the Shires, Citezens of Cities and Burgeses of Boroughes Townes and other places, having authorise by this present Acte to name and nolate the said Collecto's of or for the said XV"" and Xth, shall upon their Noiacon and Election had and made, take by authorise of this psent Plyament, sufficient Recognisauncf or Obligac&n of e9y psone so by them to be named, to be bounde to the Quenes Ma‘* in the double some of the some of their Collection, and to be indorsed upon suche condicon, that yf the said Collecto' or Collecto's do truly content and paye to the use of the Quenes Highnes in her Receipt of Theschequer before the xth day of Novembr in e9y of the said two yeres, so moche of the s5me of Money allotted and apoynted to his Collection, as the same Collecto' shall have collectyd and gathered, and do lykewise after the said x"1 daye of the moneth of Novembr in ev’y of the said two yeres, content and paye to the Quenes Ma1" use at the same Receipte the Residue of his Collection and Charge, w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collectyd the same Residue, that then the said Recognisance or Obligac&n to be voyde, orellf to stonde in his full strengthe and vertue; which Recognisance or Obligac&n so taken, the sayd Knyghtf of the Shire Citezens and Burgesses and e9y of them takyng any suche Recognisancf or Obligac&n, shall certyfye and delyv* to the Lorde Treasourer and Barons of the same Eschequer before the said x1" day of Novembr in eVy of the said yeres, upon payne of forfeiture of x ti. to the Quenes Highnes for ev'y Recognizance or Obligacon so to be taken and not’ certyfyed; And that e$y suche Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make and knowlege the same Recognisance or Obligac&n accordyngly, upon lyke payne and forfeture of x ti. to the Quene for his refiisell therof; And that the Treasourer and Barons of Theschequer, upon the payment of the same Collection, or at the said Dayes, shall cancell and delyv5 the said Recognisaunce or Obligacon to the said Collecto' or Collecto's w'out any other Warrant, and wlhout any Fee or Rewarde to be payed to any psone for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weightie Considerac&ns aforesaide, Wee the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall, and the Comons of this present Plyament assembled, do by our lyke Assent and Aucthoritie of this Plyament, gyve and graunte to yo' Highnes o' said Sov’aigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie yo' Heires and Successo's, One entier Subsidy to be rated taxed levied and payde at twoo sePall Paymentf, of e$y psone Spuall and Temporall, of what Estate or Degre he or they be, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte, in manner and so'me folowinge. That is to saie ; Aswell of ev*y pson borne w'Lin the Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and ev^y Fraternytie Guylde Corporacon Mystery Brotherhed and Comynaltie, corporated or not corporated, w,hin this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, beinge worthe Three poundes, for ev*y pounde aswell in Coyne and the value of ev*y pounde that evy suche Psone Fraternitie Guilde Corporac&n Mistery Brotherhed Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owen or anny other to his or their use, as also Plate Stock of iSchaundizes all manner of Come and Blades, Houshold Stuff and of all other Goodes moveable, aswell w"‘in the Realme as w^out, and of all suche somes of monney as to hym or them is or shalbe owinge, wherof he or they truste in his or their consience suerly to be paide, Excepte and oute of the premysses deducted, suche somes of monney as he or they owe and in his or their consiences intendeth trulie to paye, And except also thapparell of suche psones theyr Wives & Children belonginge to theyr owen Bodyes, savinge Jewellf Gold Silver Stone and Pearle, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsedy xx d. of everie pounde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie xij d. of ev’y pounde: And also evy Allien and Straunger borne oute of the Quenes obeysunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabitinge w"4n this Realme, of ev’y pounde that he or they have in Coyne, and the value of every pounde in Plate Come Grayne Marchaundizes Housholde Stuff or other Goodes Jewellf Cattellf movable or unmoveable as is aforesaide, aswell w*in this Realme as wu,oute, and of all somes of monney to hym or them owinge, wherof he or they truste in his or

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 31

467

theyre consciences to be paide, Excepte and of the same pmisses deducted ev’y such s5me or some* of monney wc,‘ he or they do owe and in his or their conscience or conscience intende trulie to paye, shall pay of and for ev’y pounde to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsedie, iij s. iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie ij s. of ePy pounde: And also that e$y Allien and Straunger borne oute of the Quenes Domynyons, being Denizen or not Denizen, not beinge contributory to anny the Rates aforesaide, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsedie, iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, iiij d. for ev’y Poole; And the Mr or he or she wtt whome the same Allien is or shalbe abiding at the tyme of the taxacon or taxaebns therof, to be charged w* the same for lacke of payment therof.

And further be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That ev’y psone borne under the Quenes obeys'unce, and ev’y CorporacSn Fratemitie Guild Mistery Brotherhed and C5mynaltie, corporate or not corporate, for ev’y pounde that e9y of the same psone, and ev’y Corporation Fraternitie Guild Mysterye Brotherhead and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, or anny other to his or their use haithe in Fee Simple Fee Tayle, for terme of Lyes, terme of Yeres, by Execuc&n Wardeshippe or by Copie of Co'te Rolle, of and in anny Honno's Castellf Manno's Landes Tenementf Rents fvices Hereditamentf Annuyties Fees Corodies or other yerely Proffittf of the yerely value of xx s. aswell w'hin auncient Demayne and other Places priveleged or ellswhere, and so upwardf, shall paye to and for the first payment of the saide Subsedie, ij s. viij d. of and for evy pounde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, xvj d. of and for ev’y pounde: And ev’y Allien borne oute of the Quenes obeysaunce in suche case to paye at the firste of the saide paimentf, vs. iiij d. of ev’y pounde, and at the seconde payment ij s. viij d. of and for everye pounde.

And that all somes presented and chargeable by this Acte, either for Goodes and Dettf or either of them, or for Landes and Tenementes and other the Premysses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at either of the said paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Porc&n according to the true meanynge of this Acte; (Landes and Tenementf chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergye, and yerely Wages due to sVntf for theyr yerely service, other then the Quenes #v*untf takinge yerelye Wages of fyve poundes or above, onlie excepted and foreprised) : And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goodes Dettf and Cattellf psonallf, beinge in the Rule and Custodye of anny parsone and parsones to the use of any Corporac&n Fraternitie Guild Mistery Brotherhead or anny Comynaltie, beinge corporate or not corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, as the value certyfied by the Presento's of that Certificat to be swome of ev’y pounde of Goodes and Dettf as is abovesaide, And of ev’y pounde in Landes Tenementf Annuyties Fees Corrodies or other yerely Proffittf as is abovesaide j and the s5mes that are before rehersed sett and taxed to be levyed and taken of them that shall have suche Goodes in Custodye, or otherwise charged for Landes as is before rehersed; And the same psone or psones and Bodie Corporate by aucthoritie of this Acte, shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or deliverie therof, or at his otherwise departure from the Custodye or Possession of the same: Excepte and alwayes foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsedie, all Goodes Cattallf Jewellf and Ornamentf of Churches and Chapellf, wthe have byn ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the honno' and fvice of Almightie God.

And the firste payment of the saide Subsedie shalbe by the aucthoritie aforesaide taxed assessed and rated accordinge to this Acte, in ePy Shire Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Borrowe Towne and ev’y other Place w"‘in this Realme of England and Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, before the xx"' daye of Aprill nexte comynge ; And the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie shalbe by the aucthoritie aforesaide, taxed assessed and rated before the Tenth day of Decembre next comyng ; and the pticuler somes of every Shire Ridinge Borrowe Towne and other Places aforesaide, w"1 the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the firste payment of the saide Subsedie, to be taxed and sett by the Comyssione's to the same lymytted or twoo of them at the least, w"‘ the names of the Highe Collecto's, and in the same so'me shalbe certyfied into the Quenes Escheaquer before the xx"1 daye of May next comynge : And the pticuler somes of ev’y Shire Ridinge Borrowe Towne and other Places aforesaide, w"1 the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, to be taxed and sett by Comyssione's to the same to bee lymytted or twoo of them at the least, w"’ the names of the High Collecto's, and in the same so'me shalbe certified into the Quenes Excheature before the xxlh daye of January, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God M'VC threscore and three; And the saide somes in maner and so'me aforesaide to be taxed for the firste payment of the said Subsedie, shalbe payde into the Quenes Receipte of her Excheaquer aforesaide, to the use of o' saide Sov’aigne Ladie, before the firste daye of June nexte comynge; and the saide somes in manner and so'me aforesaide to be taxed for the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, shalbe paide into the Receipte aforesaide, to the use aforesaide, before the xx* daye of February wcl" shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God M1 VC threscore and three: And the some abovesaide of and for the saide Subsedie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed Sc paide to the use of o' saide Sov’aigne Lady her heires & successo's in so'me abovesaide, aswell w,hin the Liberties Fraunchesies Sanctuaryes Auncient Demeane and other whatsoev’ Place, exempte or not exempte, as w"‘oute; Excepte suche Shires Places and Psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this present Acte: Anny Graunte Charter Prescription Use or Libtye by reason of anny Letters Patentf, or other Pryveledge Prescription Allowaunce of the same, or whatsoev’ other matter of dischardge, heretofore to the contrarie made gr*unted used or obteyned, notwithstondinge.

And It is further enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Ply ament, That every suche psone, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeysaunce, as ev’y other psone Straunger borne. Denizen or not Denyzen, inhabitinge w'"in this Realme or w^n Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, whiche at the tyme of the saide assessingf or taxations or of either of them to be hadde or made, shalbe oute of this Realme and oute of Wales, and have Goodes or Cattellf

Poll T*x on Alicm not liable to Subsidy,

4<1. in each Year.

V.

Further Subsidies, on Lands, viz.

Of Subjects, zs. Sd. and is. 4d.

Of Aliens.

js. 4d. and is. 8d.

VI.

Proportional Rates; Exceptions

Mode of rating Personalty, &c.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, kc.

VII. Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« § XXX ]

VIII. Rating of Absentees and others according to Assessments, 4c.

468

5" Eliz. c. 31. 1562-S.

IX.

Appointment of Commissioners for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, 8cc.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations;

Commissions shall Iw issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

Landes or Tenementf Fees or Anuyties or other Proffittf w'"in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the inhabitauntf of the pries where suche Goodes Cattellf Landes Tenementf or other the premysses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche pson or his Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have his moste resorte unto w^in this Realme or in Wales, in lyke manner as yf the saide pson were or hadde bene at the tyme of the saide assessing w*in this Realme; And that every pson abidinge or dwellinge w*hin this Realme or w^oute this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsedye graunted by this Acte, accordinge and after the Rate of suche yerely substaunce or value of Landes and Tenementf Goodes Cattellf and other the premysses, as everie pson so to be charged shalbe sett at in the tyme of the saide assessinge or taxac&n uppon hym to be made, and in none otherwise.

And Further Be it enacted by the aucthoririe aforesaide. That for thassessinge and orderinge of the saide Subsedie to be dulye hadde, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Kep of the Great Seale, the Lorde Tresauro' of Englande, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Majesties Houshold, the Lorde President of the Quenes Hono'able Counsell, and the Lorde Privye Seale for the tyme beinge, or twoo of them at the least wherof the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Kep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and maye name and appoynt of and for ev^y Shire and Ridinge and other places, aswell w^n this Realme as in Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, and also of and for everie Citie and Towne being a Countie of itselfe, and of and for the Isle of Weight, suche certeyn nombre of psons of ev'ie of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Weight, and ev'ie other place, and other the Inhabitauntf of the same, to be Comissione's of and w,hin the same, wherof they be Inhabitauntf ; And also of and for the hono'able Houshold of the Quenes Majestie in what Shire or other Places the saide Housholde shall happen then to be; and the Lorde Chauncello' or Kep of the Great Seale, and other wtt‘ hym before named, in like manner maye name and appoynt of ev’y other suche Borowe and Towne Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as they shall thinke requisite vj. v. iiij. iij. or ij. of the hedde Officers, and other sadde honest Inhabitauntf of ev'ie of the saide Cities Borowghes and Townes Corporat, accordinge to the nombre and multitude of the people beinge in the same; The w'V psons yf anny suche be thereunto named of the saide Inhabifuntf of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as Comissione's w,h the psones named for suche Sheres and Ridinges as the saide Borowghes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Counties in themselves, be sett and have their being; Whiche psons so named for and of the saide Burrowghes and Townes Corporate not beinge Counties, by reason of theyr dwellinge in the same, shall not take uppon them ne none of them, to put anny pte of their Comission in execuc6n for the {Pmisses oute of the saide Borowes and Townes Corporate, wherin they being so named only for the same be dwellinge; And also not to execute the saide Comyssion w"Hn the Borowe or Towne Corporate where they be soe dwellinge, but at suche dayes and tymes as the saide other Comissioners for the same Shire and Riding shall therunto lymytt and appoynt, w,hin the same Borrowe or Towne Corporate not being County Corporate wherof they so be, and not oute of suche Borowe or Towne; and in that manner to be aytlinge and assisting wm the said other Comissioners in and for the good executinge of theffect of the saide Comission; upon payne of everie of the saide Comissioners, so named for everie suche Citie Borowe and Towne Corporat not beinge a Countie, to make suche Fyne as the saide other Comyssioners in the Comyssion of and for the same Shire or Ridinge so named, or iij of them at the least, shall by their discrescons sett and cerrifie into the Quenes Excheaqure, there to be levied to the use of the Quenes Majestic, in lyke manner as suche or lyke somes hadde bene sett and rated uppon everie suche psone for the saide Subsedye; The wche Comissioners soe named of and for the saide Cities Borowes and Townes not beynge Countyes, and onlie put in the saide Comission by reason of theyr dwelling in the same, shall not have any pte of the porcbn of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comyssioners and their Clarkf in this Acte afterwarde specyfied and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncello' of England or the Kep of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme beinge, shall make and direct oute of the Co'te of the Chauncery under the Greate Seale, several! Comissions, that is to saye, To evy Shire Ridinge Lath Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and Houshold, unto suche psone and psones as by his discretion and other wth hym afore named and appoynted, in like maner and forme as is before rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessinge and levyinge of the saide Subsedie in all Shires and Places accordinge to the true meanynge of this Acte; Wche Comyssion for the firste payment of the saide Subsedie, shalbe directed and delyvWi to the saide Comissioners or to one of them before the firste daye of Aprill nexte comynge; And the Comission for the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, shalbe directed and delivW to the saide Comyssioners or one of them before the firste daye of Novembre, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousande fyve hundrethe threscore and three; and to ev'y of the saide Comissions, tenne Sedules conteynynge in them the teno' of this Acte shalbe aflyled; By wche Comission the Comissyoners in everie such Comission named accordinge to this Acte, and as manny of them as shalbe appoynted by the saide Comission, shall have full power and aucthoritie to put theffect of the same Comyssion in execution: And that by aucthoritie of this Acte, after suche Comissions to them directed, they maye by theyr assentf and agrementes sever themselves for the execuc&n of their Comission in Hundredes Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Pishes and other Places w'hin the Lymyttf of ther said Comission, in suche so'me as to them shall seme expedient to be ordred, and betwene them to bee commoned and agreed, accordinge to the teno' and effect of the Comyssion to them therin directed, upon wd,e severaunce everie psone of this jPsent Pliament that shalbe Comissioner, shalbe assegned in the Hundreth where he dwelleth : Provided alwayes, that no psone be or shalbe compelled to be anny Comyssioner to and for thexecucon of this present Acte, but only in the Shire where he dwellith and inhabiteth; And that anny psone beinge assigned to the contrary therof in anny wise, shall not be compelled to put in execucon theffect of this Acte or anny pte therof.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 3].

469

And it is also enacted by the aucthority of this present Plyament, That the Comyssioners and ev’y of them wdl shalbe X.

named lymytted and appoynted accordinge to this Acte to be Comissioners in every suche Shire Ryding Lath Wapentake lEwiTcH^ut Rape Citie Towne Burroughe Isle and the saide Housholde or anny other place, and none other, shall trulie effectually F*TOur> &c.; and dylygently for their pte execute theffect of this present Acte accordinge to the teno' therof in ev'y behalf, and none otherwise by anny other meanes, wthoute omyssion favo' dreade malice or anny other thinge to be attempted and done by them or anny of them to the contrarie therof: And the saide Comissioners and as manny of them as shall and shall at certain be appoynted by the saide Comission, and none other, for the execuc&n of the saide Comission and Acte, shall for fnhly'»nt™m0n the taxactin of the saide firste payment of the saide Subsedie, before the x"1 daye of Aprill nexte comynge, and for Constables, &c. taxacon of the saide seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, shall before the x"* day of January w°" shalbe in the for putting^thU"g' yere of o' Lorde God a thousand fyve hundreth threscore and three, by vertue of the Comissions deliv'ed unto them Act in Executlon-in so'me aforesaide, direct their sev'all or joynte precepte unto viij. vij. vj. v. iiij. iij. or twoo, as for the nombre of the Inhabitauntf shalbe requisite, of the moste substaunciall discrete and honest psones Inhabitauntf, to be named by the saide Comissioners or by as manny of them as shalbe appoynted by the saide Coinission, of and in Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wardes Pishes Townes and other Places, aswell w,hin Libties Frauncheses Auncient Demeanes Places exempted and Santuaryes as w,houte, w"*in the Lymyttf of the Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes or Isle aforesaide, and other places w"in the Lymyttf of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Baylyfff and other lyke Officers or Mynysters of ev*y of the saide Hundredes Townes Wardes Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Placf beforesaide, as to the saide Comissioners and e9y nombre of them or unto iij or ij of them by their discressions in devision shall seme expedient, as by the manner and use of the pties shalbe requisit; Streightly by the same precepte charginge and comaundinge the same Inhabitauntf Constables and other Officers aforesaide, to whome suche precepte shalbe so directed, to appere in ther propre psones before the saide Comissioners or suche nombre of them as they shall devyde themselves, accordinge to the teno' of the saide Comission, at certeyne dayes and places by the saide Comissioners or anny nombre of them as is aforesaide, w'Sn Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate or w^oute in anny other Place as is aforesaide, by their discressions shalbe lymytted therunto, to doo and accomplisshe all that to them on the pties of the Quenes Ma"‘ shalbe enjoyned touching this Acte; Comaunding further by the same jPcept, that he to whose Hands suche pcept shall come, shall shew or delyP the same to thother Inhabitauntz or Officers named in the same precept; And that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, upon peine of xl s. to be forfayted to the Quenes Malic.

XL

And it is further ordeyned by the aucthoritie of this psent Plyament, That at the saide daye and place pffixed and inhabitants' and lymytted in the said pPcept of ePy of the ComyssionJs then being in the Shire, and having no sufficient excuse for his 0*"^* absence, at the daye and place jPfixed for that pte wherunto he was lymytted, shall appere in his pper psone, and theire Commissioners, the same ComyssioSs being {Psent, or asmany as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Majesties Comyssion, shall call or a^cLrged'to cause to be called before them the said Inhabitauntf and Officers to whom they have dyrected ther saide Preceptf, inquire and certify

f t t this Vulna nf all

and wd,e had in comaundement ther to appere by the saide Precepte of the saide CSmyssioners: And yf anny psone so warned make defaulte, unles he then be letted by sicknes or laufull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by the Othes of twoo credible psons, or yf anny apperinge, refuse to serve in so'me followinge, to forfeyte to the Quenes Majestie xl 8.; and soe at ev'ie tyme appoynted by the saide Comissioners for the same Taxacon, unto suche tyme the nombre of ev'ie suche psons have appered and certified in so'me under written, and ev’y of them so makinge defaulte or refusinge so to fve to forfaite to the Quenes Ma,ic xl s: And uppon the same Apperaunce had, they shalbe charged before the C5missioners by all convenyent wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) to inquire of the beste and moste value of the Substaunce of ePy psone dwellinge and abydinge w,hin the lymyttf of the places that they shalbe charged w'\ and of other wch shall have his or their moste resorte unto anny of the saide Places, and chargeable wth anny some of Money by this Acte of the saide Subsedie, & of all other Things requisit touchinge the saide Acte, and accordinge to the interne of the same; and theruppon as nere as yt maye be, or shall come to theyr knowledge, trulie to present & ftyfie before the saide Comissioners the names and s'names & the beste & uttermoste substaunce and values of ePy of them, aswell of Lands Tentes & other Hereditamentf Possessions and Proffittf as of Goods Cattellf Dettf & other Things chargeable by the saide Acte, w,houte anny Conceylement Love Favo' Affeccbn Dread Feare or Mallice, uppon the payne of Tenne pounds or under, to be taxed estreyted & levyed in so'me as hereafter in this present Acte shalbe lymytted & appoynted ; and theruppon the saide Comissioners shall openly there reade or cause to be redd unto them the saide Rates, and openlie declare theffect of their charge unto them, in what man8 and so'me they ought and shoulde make ther Certificat, accordinge to the Rates and Somes therof abovesaide, and of all mann! of psons, aswell of Aliens and Straungers Denizens or not Denizens inhabitinge w'hin this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte; and of the Possessions Goods and Cattellf of Fraternities Guyldf Corporacons Brotherhedf Mysteries and Comynalties and other as is abovesaide, and of psons being in the pties of beyonde the Seas, havinge Goods or Cattellf Lands or Tents w'in this Realme as is aforesaide, and of all Goods beinge in the Custodie of anny psone or psones, to the use of anny other as is abovesaide; by the wch Information and shewynge, the saide psons sholde have suche playne knowledge of the true intent of this present Acte, and the manner of their Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after suche Charge, and the Statute of the saide Subsedie, and the mann! of the Further Day shall saide Certificate to be made in writinge conteynynge the names and s'names of ev'ie psone, and whether he be borne m (SnificitesTy w^oute the Quenes Obeysaunce or w^n, and the best value of ev'ie psone in ev'ie degree, aswell of yerely value of such Inquirers; Lands and Tentes and of suche lyke possessions and proffittf, as the value of Goods and Cattellf Dettf and ev'ie thing to their Certificate requysite and necessarie to them declared, the saide Comissioners there being, shall by theyr

Property rateable to the said Subsidies;

6 D

470

5° Eliz. c. 31

A.D. 1562-3.

Penalty of 4.0a. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Summoning Parties underrated;

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

Rating Parties so appearing, &c.

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

xii.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, &c. not exceeding £ 10.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath otParties^kc. may decrease or increase Charges.

discrec&ns appoynt and lymytt unto the saide psons an other daye and place to appere before the saide Comissioners, and charginge the saide psons, that they in the meane tyme shall make dilligent bquiry by all wayes and meanes of the pmisses, and then and ther e^y of them, uppon payne of forfeyture of xl s. to the Quenes Ma"*, to appere at the saide new prefyxed daye and place, ther to certifie unto the said Comissioners in writbge accordinge to their saide charge, and accordinge to the true entent of the saide Graunte of Subsedie, and as to them b maS aforesaide hath byn declared & shewed by the Comissioners: At welle daye and place soe to them pffixed, yf anny of the sayde psons make defaulte, or appere and refuse to make the saide Certificate, that then e9y of them so offendbge, to forfeyt to the Quenes Ma'" xl s. Excepte ther be a reasonable excuse of his defaulte, by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Othes of ij credible psons ther witnessed: And of suche as appere redye to make Certificate as is aforesaide, the saide Comyssioners ther beinge, shall take and receyve the same Certificate and ev*y pte therof, and the names values and substaunce of e9y psone so certified; and yf the same Comissioffs se cause reasonable, they shall examyne the saide psenters therof, and theruppon the saide Comissioners at the saide dayes and place by ther agrementf amonge themselves, shall from tyme to tyme openly there pfix a daye at a certeyne place or places w,hin the lymittf of their Comission by theyr dyscression, for their further pcedinge to the saide assessinge of the same Subsedye: and therupon at the said daye of the saide Certificate as is aforesaide taken, the same Comissioners shall make ther precepte or preceptf to the Constables Subconstables Baylyfff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforesaide, as the same Comissioners shalbe of, comprisinge and conteynynge in the same precepte the names and s'names of all psons psented before them in the saide Certificate, of whome yf the saide Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Quenes Comission, shall then have vehement suspecte to be of more greater value or substaunce b Lands Goods Cattellf or somes of Monney owing to them, or other substaunce beforesaide, then uppon suche psone or psons shalbe certyfied, the same Comyssioners shall make their precepte or preceptf, directed to the Constable Baylyfff or other Officers, comaunding the same Constable Baillifff or other Officers to whome suche precepte shalbe dyrected, to warne suche psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said precepte, at ther Mansions or to ther psons, that the same psons named in suche preceptes & every of them, shall psonallie appere before the said Comyssioners at the same newe prefyxed daye & place, ther to be examyned by all wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) by the saide Comyssioners, of ther greatest substaunce and best value, & of all and ev'y somes of Monney owinge to them, and other whatsoev* matter concernynge the premysses or anny of them accordinge to this Acte: At wche daye and place so prefyxed, the saide Comyssioners then and ther bebge, or asmany of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Quenes Comission, shall cause to be called the saide psons whose names shalbe comprysed in the saide precepte as is beforesaide, for the' examynac&n; And yf anny of those psons w^e shulde be wa'ned as is beforesaid to be examyned, wche at anny tyme after the warnynge and before the p'fyxed daye shalbe w,hin suche place where he maye have knowledge of his saide appearaunce to be made, make defaulte and appere not, unlesse a resonable cause or els a reasonable excuse by the Othes of twoo credible psons before the saide Comyssioners to be truly alledged for his dyscharge, that then ev*y of them so makinge defaulte, to be taxed and charged to the Quenes Majestie w‘h and at the doble somes of the Rate that he shulde or ought to have byn set at, for and after the beste value of his Lande or Substaunce uppon hym certyfied if he had appered, by the discrecon of the Comyssioners ther being; Whiche Comissioners shall travell w,h ev*y of the other psons so then and ther apperinge, whose names shalbe expressed in the saide precepte or preceptf, and in whom anny vehement suspecte was or shalbe had in so'me abovesaide, by all suche wayes and meanes they canne, other then by Corporall Othe, for the better knowledge of their beste value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, eyther els in Goods or Dettf: And that ePy Spuall psone at either of the saide taxac&ns of the saide Subsedie, shalbe rated and sett accordinge to the Rate abovesaide, of and for ev*y pounde that the same Spirituall p6one or any other to his use hath by Discent bgayne or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Tayle Terme of Lyfe Terme of Yeres by Execucftn by Warde or by Copie of Co'te Rolle in anny Mano" Lands Tentes Rents fvicf Offices Fees Corrodyes Annuyties or Heredytamentf, after the true juste and yerely value therof, after and accordinge as other the Quenes Ma*1" Subjects borne w,hin this Realme be charged in so'me above remembred, soe that yt extende to the yerely value of xx s. or above.

And It is further enacted, That yf the saide Taxo" & Assesso's shall not dulye behave themselves in their Inquirye Taxacon Assessem* or Certificat, but shall affecc&nallie corruptlie or pciallie demeasne themselves in that behalfe, in suche wise that the Comyssioners shall by ther Considerac&n deeme them Offenders worthie of punyshm’ for not doinge their Duties therm, that then iiij or more of the Comyssioners in that Countie for this Subsedie, shall have power and aucthoritie by their discrecons, either to charge the saide Assesso's uppon theyr Corporall Othes for the better fvice aforesaide in that behalf, or els by their discrec&n to taxe 8c sett uppon evy of the saide Assesso's for their Mysdemeano' in that behalf, suche a Fyne or Payne as they shall thinke good, so that it exceade not the some of Tenne poundes, and the same Fyne or Payne at their discressions to estreate; every w^e Fyne so taxed and sett by iiij of the saide Comyssioners or more, and beinge estreated w,h the Sedule or Bookes of that Lymytt shalbee levyed and answered to the Quenes use, in like mann! and so'me to all intentf and purposes as any other s5me that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Estatute and Acte of Subsedie, and not in any other wise or man!: And yf anny psone certyfied or rated by vertue of this Acte, be he Comyssioner or other, to anny manrt! of value, dothe fynde hymself greyed wth the same psentm* sessynge or taxinge, and theruppon complayne to the Comyssioners before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed or before twoo of them, before the same Taxac&n be ftyfied into the Co'te of the Excheaquer, That that then the said Comyssioners, or twoo of them, shall by all wayes and meanes examyne pticulerly and dystinctlye the psone soe complayninge, uppon his Othe, and other his neighbores by their dyscression, of ev*y his I.andf and Tenement^ above specyfied, and of ev’y his Goodes Cattellf and Dettf above mencioned; And after due

t

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c.31.

471

examynacbn and pfect knowledge therof had and pceyved by the saide Comysioners, or twoo of them, whiche shall have power by aucthoritie aforesaide, the saide Comyssioners or twoo of them to whome any suche Complaynt shalbe made, by their dyscrec&n, uppon the Othe of the saide pson so complaynynge, maye abate defaulke encrease or enlarge the same Assesment accordinge as it shall appere unto them just uppon the same examynacbn; And the same some so abated defalked encTeased or enlarged, shalbe by them estreated in so'me as hereafter ensueth : And yf it be proved by witnes or by the pties owen confession or other laufull wayes or meanes, w^in a yere after any suche Othe made, that the same psone soe taxed and swome was of anny better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Thinges above specyfied at the tyme of his saide Othe, then the same psone soe swome did declare uppon his said Othe, that then e$y suche psone soe offendinge shall loose and forfayte to the Quenes Majestie soe moche in laufull monney of England as he the same psone soe swome was sett or taxed to paye.

And also it is enacted by the same aucthoritie, That ev'ie psone to be rated at the saide Taxacbn as is

aforesaide, shalbe rated taxed and sett, and the some on hym sett to be levyed, at suche Place where he and his femylye at the tyme of the same presentment to be made, shall kepe his House or Dwellinge, or where he then shalbe most conversaunt abydinge or reseant or shall have his moste resorte at the tyme of the saide Certificate to be made, and no where els; and that no Comyssioner for this Subsedie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire & other Place where he shalbe Comyssioner; And that yf anny psone chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same assessinge, happen to be oute of this Realme & oute of Wales or farre from the Place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was laste abydinge in this Realme or w,hin Wales, & after the substance value & other Proffittf of ev'ie psone, to be knowen by Thexaiacbn Certificat or other mar2 of wise as is aforesaide: And that the said Comyssioners, or as manny of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Mau" Comyssion or Comyssions, shall after the Rate and Rats aforesaide, cause ev*y pson to be sett rated and taxed accordinge to the Rate of the substaunce & value of his Lands Goods Cattellf and other Proffittf chargeable to this Acte, wherby the greatest and moste beste some or somes accordinge to his moste substaunce by reason of this Acte might or maye be sett or taxed: And that ev^y psone taxed in anny Countie or Place other then where he is moste ressyaunt or hath his Famylye, or in anny Countie or Place other then where he is a Comyssioner for this Subsedie yf he be a Comyssioner, upon ?tificate made to the sayde Co'te of Excheaquer, under Thandf and Seales of Three Comyssioners for the Subsedye in the same Countie or Place where suche psone is moste ressiaunt or hath his Famylye, or where he

is a Comyssion! for the Taxacbn and Payment of this Subsedie, testifyinge suche his moste Ressyancy havinge of

Famyly or beinge a Comyssion!, shalbe a sufficient Dyscharge for the Taxacbn of that psone in all other Places, and of and for all other S5mes of Money uppon suche psone so sett and taxed, save onely the Taxacbn made in that Counttye or Place from welle suche Certificat shalbe made as aforesaide and for the Some of Monney upon suche psone there assessed or taxed ; And that suche Certificate w"‘oute any Plee or other Cyrcumstance shalbe a sufficient Warraunt, aswell to the Barrons and Awdyto's of the saide Co'te of Escheaquer as to all and ev*y other Officers to whome the Allowance therof shall apparteyne; payinge for suche Discharge and Allowance only ij s. and no more.

Provided alwayes, That epy suche psone wcl,e shalbe rated sett or taxed accordinge to thentente and true meanynge of this Acte, for payin' of and to this Subsedye for and after the yerely value of his Lands Teiites and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at anny of the saide taxacbns, shall not after be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattellf or other his moveable Substaunce at the same taxacbns; And that he that shalbe 6ett charged or taxed for the same Subsedie for his Goods Cattellf 8r other Moveables at anny of the saide taxacbns, accordinge to the true meanynge of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaide at the same taxacbns' nor anny of them ; nor that anny psone by any taxa£bn be doble charged for the saide Subsedie nor sett or taxed at sev*all Places by reason of this Acte; but yf anny psone happen to be doble sett taxed or charged either in one place or at sePall places, then he to be dyscharged of thone taxacbn and charged wu the other, accordinge to the meanynge and interne of this Acte; Anny thinge conteyned in this present Acte to the contrary notwithstondinge.

And that it be ordeyned by the saide aucthoritie of this present Plyament, That no psone havinge twoo Mansions or twoo Places to resorte unto, or callinge hymself housholde #v*nte or waytinge #v*nte to the Quenes Majestie or other Lorde or Ladye Mr or Mysterys, be excused uppon his sayinge from the taxes of the saide Subsedie in neyther of the Places where he maye be sett, onlesse he bringe a Certificate in Writinge from the Comissioners where that he is so sett in dede at one place; And yf anny pson that ought to be sett, by resone of his removinge or reesortinge to twoo Places, or by reasone of his sayinge that he elswhere was taxed, or by reason of anny previlidge by his dwellinge or abydinge in anny Place not beinge forprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his covyn or crafte, happen to escape from the saide taxacbn and be not sett and taxed, and that proved by Presentment Examynacbn or Informacbn before the saide Comissioners, or asmanny of them as shalbe by the same Chmyssion appoynted, or before the Barrons of the Quenes Matiw Excheaquere, or twoo Justices of the Peax of the Countie where suche psone dwelleth, Then ePy suche psone that by suche meanes or otherwise willingly by covyn shall happen to escape from the saide taxafbn or payment aforesaide, and not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged uppon the knowledge and prouffe therof w"* and at the doble value of soe moche as he shulde myght or ought to have byn sett and taxed at by vertue of thir Acte: And the same double value to be levyed gathered^and payde of his Goods and Cattellf Lands and Tentes towards the saide Subsedy, and further to be punyshed accordinge to the dyscressions of the Barons Justices and Comyssioners before whome he shalbe convicted, for his Offence & Deceipte in that behalf.

Penalty on Evasion on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XIII.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, See.

Commissioner! within Shirrs; Absentees where last abiding;

according to the highest Rale, Sic.

Relief against Double Charges.

XIV.

Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate ofone Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, Double Rate.

A.D. 1562-3.

472

5° Eliz. c. 31.

XVI. Commiuionera shall aMcts thtmaclvea and the Amcuoti.

XVII. Peer* shall be aueued by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, &c.

XVIIL After Assessment Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, byOistress &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

XIX.

Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

And further be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, That the saide Comyssioners in ev’y Cornyssion, shall accordinge to theyr Dyvysions and after they be devyded, have full power and aucthoride by this Acte to sett tax and sesse ePy other Comyssioner joyned w0* them in ev’y suche Comyssion and Dyvyssion, and shall also assesse ev’y Assesso' w^in theyr Dyvyssion for his and their Goods Lands and other the premysses as is abovesayde; By the w^e saide Comyssion the saide Comyssioners shall indyfferently sett tax and assesse themselves and the said Assesso's j And that aswell the somes upon ev’y of the saide Comyssioners & Assesso's so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made 8c presented by the psenters sworne as is abovesaide, shalbe written certyfied sett and estreated and the Estreates therof to be made w1" other the Inhabitauntf of that pties w,hin the Lymyttf of the same Comyssion & Dyvysion so to be gathered and levyed, in lyke mann? as it ought or shoulde have ben if the saide Commyssioners had not ben in the saide Comyssion.

And that all psones of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and ev’y Estate above, shalbe charged w,b ther freeholde and value as is abovesaide, by the Chauncello' or Kep of the Greate Seale, President of the Counsell the High Treausorer of England for the tyme beinge, & other suche psons as by the Quenes Majesties aucthoride shalbe named and appoynted; and they to be charged for the saide sePal 1 paymentf of the saide Subsedye after the so'me of the saide Graunte accordinge to the taxacon aforesaide; & the somes uppon them sett, w,b the names of the Collector appoynted for the gatheringe & payinge of the same, to be estreated delyv’ed 8c certyfied, at dayes and places above specyfied, by the Lorde Chauncello' or Kep of the Great Seale & Treasurer 8c other suche psones as therto shalbe named.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoride aforesaide, That after the Taxes & Assesses of the saide somes, uppon & by the saide assessinge and Certificate as is aforesaide made by the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Quenes Majesties Comyssion, shall w,h all spede and w,bout delaye by the wrytyng estreated of the saide taxe therof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comissioners, or as manny of them as shalbe appoynted at the leaste to be made, shalbe delyv’ed unto sufficient and substaunciall Inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Baylyes and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Places aforesaide w,hin ther Lymyttf, or to other sufficient psons Inhabitauntf of the same only by the dyscression of the saide Commyssioners and as the place and pties shall require, aswell the pticuler Names and S'names, as the remembraunce of all somes of Monney taxed and sett of and uppon ev’y pson aswell Men as Women chargeable to this Acte, Houshoulder and all other the Inhabitauntf and Dwellers w'bin the saide Pishes Townes and Places contributory to this Acte of Subsedie; By aucthoride of wche writinge or estreate so delyv’ed the saide Officers, and other Psones so named and deputed, sev’allie shall have full power and aucthoride by vertue of this Acte, ymediatlie after the delyv’ee of the saide writing or estreate, to demaunde levye and gather of ev’y psone therin specyfied, the some and somes in the same writinge or estreate comprised; And for none payment therof to distreyne the same psone or psones so beinge behinde by their Goods and Cattellf, and the Dystresse so taken to kepe by the space of eight dayes at the Costs and Charges of the Owno' therof; And yf the said Owno' do not paye suche some of monney as shalbe taxed by aucthoride of this Acte, wthin the same viij dayes, then the same Dystresse to be appresed by iiij iij or twoo of Thinhabitantf

where suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be solde by the saide Constable or other Collecto's for the payment

of the saide monney. And the overplus comynge of the sale and kepinge therof (yf anny be) to be ymediatlie restored to the Owno' of the same Dystres ; W^e saide Officers 8c other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levye the saide somes, shall answere and be charged for the porcon onlie to them assigned & lymytted, to be gathered levyed & comprised in the saide writinge or estreate so to them as is aforesaid delyv’ed, to the use of o' Sov’aigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successo's; & the saide s5me in that writinge or estreate comprised, to paye unto the high Collecter or Collecto's of that place for the Colleccon of the same, in manS and so'me underwriten therunto to be named & deputed ; and the same Inhabitauntf and Officers so gatheringe the same pticuler sdmes, for ther Collection therof, shall reteyne for ev’y xx s. so by them receyved and payde, twoo pence, and that to be allowed at

the paym* of ther Colleccon by them to be made to the high Collecto' or Collecto's.

And Further be it enacted by the saide aucthoride, That the saide Comyssioners, or the more pte of them as shall take uppon them the execuc&n and busines of the saide Commyssion, shall for either of the same paymentf of the saide Subsedie, name suche sufficient and able psons w* then shall have and possede Lands and other Hereditam'f in theyr owen Right, of the yerely value of xxli. or Goods to the value of twoo hundreth Markes at the leaste, and the p6ons sev’allie by the dyscressions of the same C5missione's in Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporate or other whatsoev’ places, aswell w0,in places pvileged as w^oute, not beinge foreprised w1^ this Acte, to be high Collecto's 8c have their C.ollecc&n and Receipte of the saide somes sett and levyable w,hin the precincke lymytt and boundf where they shalbe so lymytted to gather and receyve; To ev’y of the whiche Collecto's soe sev’allie named, the saide Comyssioners or ij of them at the leaste, shall w,b all spede and w,boute delaye after the saide whole some of the saide Subsedie be set by all the lymyttf of the same ther CSmyssion, or in suche lymyttf as the high Collecto's shalbe soe sev’allie assigned, shall under ther Seales and Signes Manuall delyP one estreate indented in Pchement, to ev’y of the saide high Collecto's, comprysynge in it the names of all suche psones as were assigned to levye the saide pticuler some 8c somes of ev’y Hundred Wapentake Towne or other Place aforesaide, wth the Names and S'names of the psones so chargeable, accordinge to the Estreate so firste therof made as is aforesaide and delyv’ed: And the Collecto's so to be assigned, shalbe charged to answere the hoole some comprised in the saide Estreate lymytted to his collecc&n as is aforesaide.

A.D. 1562S. 5° Eliz. c. 31.

473

XX. High Collector! tall

Provided alwayes & be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide, That the saide Comyssioners havinge aucthoritie by this Acte to name and noiate the saide high Collecto's of the saide Subsedye, shall ymedyatlye uppon the nomynac&n ,(,11 fntrr jnt0 & elecc&n, take by aucthoritie of this present Ply ament sufficient Recognizaunces or Obligac&ns w‘houte anny Fee or Recognisances to^ Rewarde to be payed therfore, of ev*y psone so by them to be named to be high Collecto', to be bounden Sy^he^'to^be to the Quenes Ma"' in the doble some of the some of his Collecc&n, and to be endorsed and made upon suche by the

Condicon, That is to saie, for the Collecc&n of the saide firste payment of the saide Subsedye, That yf the saide Commissioners; Collecto' his Heires or Executours do trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestic, her Heires or 1’en*1,jr Executours in the Receipte of the saide Excheaquer before the saide firste daye of June next cdmynge, so moche of the saide some of monney allotteted & appoynted to his Collecc&n as he shall collect & gather, and content & paye the Residue of his Collecc&n and Charge w^in one moneth nexte after suche tyme as he hath gathered & collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizaunces or Obligacon to be voide or els to stonde in full strength and vertue: And for the Collecc&n of the seconde payin' of the saide Subsedie, uppon condic&n, That yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executours do trulye contente and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestie, her Heires or Successor in her Receipte of thexcheaquere before the twentie daye of February w'he shalbe in the yere of o’ Lorde God M'vC threscore and thre, so moche of the saide s5me of monney alloted and appoynted to hys Collecc&n as he

shall collecte and gather, and contente & paye the Residue of his Collecc&n & Charge w'hin one monethe nexte

after suche tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the said Recognisaunce or Obligac&n to be voyde or els to stonde in full strength and vertue: Wche saide sePall Recognizaunces or Obligac&ns soe taken, the saide Comyssyoners shall sev^ally certifie and delyP into the Quenes Majesties Excheaquere w'h the sev'all Certyficatf of the saide Taxacons and Rats of the paymentf of the saide Subsedye at & by the tyme to them prescribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certyficat of the saide sePall Taxacons of the saide Subsedie,

uppon payne of forfeyture of x ti. to the Quenes Majestie for ev'y Recognisaunce or Obligacon not certified: And

that ev’y suche Collecto' so ellected named and chosen, uppon request to hym made, shall knowledge and make the saide Recognizaunce or Obligacon, uppon lyke payne and forfeyture of x ti. to the Quenes Ma,ic for the refusall therof. And ePy Collecto' soe deputed, havinge the saide Estreate in Pchem' as is aforesaide, shall have aucthoritie Hj h collectors by this Acte to appoynt dayes and places w"'in the Circuite of his Collecc&n, for the payment of the saide Subsedye call on to hym to be made, and therof to gyve wamynge by Proclemac&n or otherwise, to all the Constables or other psones to°pay Money'* or Inhabitauntf havinge the charge of the pticuler Collecc&n w,hin the Hundred f Pishes Townes or other Places by allowing

hym or them lymytted, to make payin' of their said pticuler Collecc&n of ev'y s5me as to them shall apperteyne: °un '

And yf at the saide daye and place so lymytted and pffixed by the saide Collecto', the saide Constable Officers or other Psones or Inhabitaunce as is aforesaide, for the saide pticuler Collecc&n assigned and appoynted w,hin suche Hundred Citie Towne or other Place, doe not paye unto the saide Collecto's the some w,hin theyr sev’all Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Places due & comprised in the saide Estreate therof to them delyvW by the saide Comyssioners or some of them as is aforesaide, or so moche therof as they have by any meane receaved, ij d. of ev*y

Pounde for the saide pticuler Collecc&n as is aforesaide alwayes to be therof allowed excepted and abated, That On Failure

then it shalbe laufull to the saide high Collecto's and ev*y of them and to ther Assignes, to dystreyne ev'y of the ConAable^’stc. saide Constables Officers and other Inhabitauntf for ther saide sePall and pticuler Collecc&n of the saide somes m»y be distrained,

comprised in the saide Estreate and Writinge therof to them & ev'y of them as is before expressed and delyv’ed, or

for asmoche of the same s5me as so then shall happen to be gathered and levyed & behynde and unpayde, by the Goods and Cattellf of ev*y of them so beinge behynde, and the Dystressee so taken to be kepte appresed & solde as is aforesaide, and therof to take and levye the somes soe then beinge behynde & unpayde, and the oPpIus comyng of the sale of the saide Distresse (yf anny be) to be restored & delyv'ed unto the Owno' in forme above remembred.

Provided alwaies, That no pson inhabitinge in any Citie Borrough or Towne Corporate, shalbe compelled to be Aunionitl any Assesso' or Collecto' of or for anny pte of the saide Subsedye in any place or places oute of the saide Citie C°l|tctor« shall Borrough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And It is also by the saide aucthoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabitaunt or Officer or whatsoev^ psone or psones charged to and for the Colleccon or Receipte of any pte or pcell of the saide Subsedye, by any man! of meanes accordinge to the teno' of this Acte, or any psone or psones for themselves, or as Keper Garden Deputie Facto' or Atto'ney of or for any other psone or psones of any Goods and Cattellf of the Owner therof at the tyme of the saide assessinge to be made, beinge oute of this Realme, or in anny other Pties not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattellf of anny other psone or psones of anny Corporac&n Fraternitie Mysterie or other whatsoev* Comynaltie beinge incorporate or not incorporate, and all psons havinge in theyr Rule GovWunce and Custody any Goods or Cattellf at the tyme of the saide assessinge or anny of them to be made, or wrte for anny cause for and by collecc&n or for hymselfe or for anny other, or by reason that he hath the Rule GovWnce or Custody of anny Goods or Cattellf of any other psone or psones Corporac&n CSmynaltie Fratemytie Guyld or Mystery or any suche other lyke, or as Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for any psone, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to any some or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessing upon any suche psone or psons as shalbe charged w* the Receipte of the same happen to die or depte from the place where he was so taxed and set, or his Goods or Cattallf be so eloyned or in suche pryvye and covert mann! kept as the said psone or psones charged w"1 the same by Esteratf or other Wrytingf from the saide ComyssioSs, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the said Comyssion as is aforesaide, can ne maye levy the same some or somes comprised w^n the same Estreatf by distresse w^n the lymyttf of there Collecc&n as is aforesaid, or cannot sell

XXII. IncaseofDeath.&c. of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming. High Collectors shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against such Parties, kc.

6 E

474

5° Eliz. c. 31.

A.D. 1562-3.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to lery such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, ike. of Parties chargeable; who may retain the same out of their Rents, *cc.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party chargeable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process aeainst Persons chargeable for others

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the said paym'f before the tyme lymytted to the High Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Quenes Ma"" Receipte, then apon relacon therof w* due examynacbn by the Othe or Examynafftn of suche psone or psons as shalbe charged w*1 and for the Receipte & Colleccbn of the same before the said ComyssioSs, or as many of them as by the said Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche psone or psones or other as is aforesaid theyre Goods & Cattallf were set and taxed, and upon playne Certificath therof made in the Quenes Mal," Eschequier by the same ComyssioiJs as well of the Dwelling Place Names & Somes of the sayde psones of whom the saide somes cannot be levyed and had as is aforesaid, then aswell the Constables and other Inhahitantz appointed for the saide pticuler Colleccon, against the High Collecto's, as the High Collecto' apon his accompte & Othe in the same Eschequyer, to be discharged therof and pees to be made for the Quenes Ma"c out of the said Exchequier by the discresion of the Barrons of the said Exchequer against suche psone his heires or executo's so being behind w'h his payment: And ov5 that the same ComyssioSs to whom any suche declarac&n of the fPmysses shalbe made in foYme aforesaide, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and aucthoride to directe theyr presepte or preceptf unto the saide psone or psones charged w,h anny some of for and uppon anny suche psone or psones or other as is aforesaide, or to any Shryve Steward Baylyff or other whatsoev1 Officer Mynyster Psone

or Psones of suche Place or Places where anny suche psone or psones so owinge suche some or somes shall have

Lands and Tenementz or other Hereditamentf, or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattellf wherby anny suche psone or psones soe indetted, his heires executours or assignes, or other having the Custodie Govem*nce or Disposycon of anny Goods Cattellf Lands or Tenementz or other Hereditamentf wche ought or maye by this Acte laufullie be distrayned or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goodes Cattellf Lands Tenementz or other Possessions wherof suche some or somes wche by anny suche psone or psones maye or ought to be levyed, be it w,hin the lymyttf

of suche Comyssion where suche psone or psones was and were taxed, or w,houte, in any place w^n this Realme of

England Wales or other the Quenes Ma"" Domynyons Marches or Tirrytories; By \vche pPcept aswell suche psone or psones as shalbe charged to levy suche some of mony, as the Officers of the Place or Places where suche Distres maye be taken, shall have full power and aucthoritie to distreyne ev’y suche psone indetted charged and chargeable by this Acte, or his executo's or admistrato's of his Goods & Chattellf, his Gardens Facto's Deputies I.eassees Fermo's and Assignes & all other psons by whose Hands or oute of whose Lands any suche psones shulde have Rent Fee Annuytie or Pfitt, or wch at the tyme of the said Assessingf shall have Goods or Cattallf or any other thing moveable of any suche psone or psones being indebted or owing suche some; And the Distres so taken, cause to be kept appreased and solde, in lyke maS & so'me as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psones to be taxed to the saide Subsedy, and being sufficient to distreine w^in the lymyttf of the Collecto's Inhabytauntes or other Officers charged wth or for the same some so upon them to be taxed; And yf any suche Distres for none payment happen to be taken oute of the lymytt of the saide psones charged & assigned to levy the same, the psones so charged for the levy of any suche some by Distres, shall pceyve and take of the same Distres for the labo' of ev'y psone going for the execuc&n therof, for evy Myle that any suche psone so laboreth for the same, ij d.: And epy Fermo' Tenante Gardyan Facto* or other whatsoev' Psone being distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of any suche some or somes or any other some by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche s5me or somes of hym or them so levyed and taken, discharged and acquited at his nexte daye of payment of the same, or at the delyvW of suche Goods and Cattellf as he that is so dystreyned had in his Custodye and Govem*nce, against hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett ; Anny Graunte or Writinge obligatorye or other whatsoev5 matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstandinge: And yf anny suche psone that shoulde be soe distreyned have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient wherby he or his Ten*ntf and Fermo's maye be distreyned, or have alyened or hyd his Goods and Cattellf wherby he shoulde or might be dystreyned, in suche manS that suche Goods and Cattellf shall not be knowen or foundc, so that the some of or by hym to be payde in the said so'me shall ne canne be convenyently levyed, Then uppon relacon therof to the Comissioners, or to as manny of them as by the saide Comission shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche pson or psones was taxed and sett, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe charged w"1 the levye and payment of that some or sdmes, the same Comissioners shall make a psepte in such mann! as is aforesaide, for to attache take and arrest the boddye of suche psone or psones that ought to paye the saide somes, and by this Acte shalbe charged wth and for the saide some and somes, and them so taken safely to kepe in prison wlhin the Shire or other Place where anny suche psone or psones shalbe taken and attached, there to remayne w^oute Bayle or Maneprise untill he hath payed the same some or somes that suche psone for hymselfe or for anny other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged w,hall; And also for the Fees of ev*y suche arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche presept, xx d.: And that ev’y Officer unto whome suche precepte shalbe dyrected, doe his true dylygence and execute the same uppon ev*y psone soe beinge indebted, uppon payne to forfette to the Quenes Mali* for ev*y defaulte in that behalf xx s.; And that noe Kep of anny Gaoyle from his Gaoyle suffer anny suche psone to goe at large by letting to Bayle, or otherwyse to depte out of his Preason, before he have payd his saide debte, and the saide xx d. for the saide Arreste; uppon payne to forfeytt to the Quenes Mau' xl s.; & the same Gaoyllo' to paye unto the Quenes Majestic the doble value aswell of the Rate w^e the said psone so ymprisoned was taxed, as of the said xx d. for the Fees: And lyke Proces and Remedye in lyke mann! and so'me shalbe graunted by the saide Comyssioners, or as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, at the lyke informacbn of e$y psone or psones beinge charged w,h anny some of monney for any other psone or psones by reason of the saide Subsedye and not therof payde but willfullie w"'drawen, ne the same levyable within the Lymyttf where suche psones were therunto taxed: And yf the some or somes beinge behynde unpayed by any psone or psones as is aforesaide be levyed and gathered by force of the said proses to be made by the saide Commyssioners, or yf in defaulte or for lack of paym1 therof the psone or psones so owinge the said some or somes of monney, by proces of the same Comyssioners to be made as

d

in

it

k'

0

11

il

ki

i

a

Q

a

k

a

PENN STAT

om ]

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c.31.

475

is aforesaide, be commytted to Prison in so'me abovesaid, that then the saide Commyssioners w^e shall awarde suche pees,

shall make Certificat therof in the saide Excheker of that shalbe don in the pmysses, in the Terme next folowinge

after suche some or somes of monney so beynge behinde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche psone or psones

for none payment of the same comytted to Pryson : And yf it happen any of the saide Collecto's to be assigned, Collector! and

or anny Mayers Shryves Steward? Constables the Hed Boroughe Borsholder Baylyf or any other Officer or Mynyster Comm?ssiw!*7>ng

or other whatsoet? psone or psones, to dysobey the saide Comyssioners or anny of them in the reasonable Request to Person« refuting to

them made by the saide Comyssioners for thexecucbn of the saide Comyssion, Or yf anny of the Officers or other 'xJ^'^o'r being

psons do refbse that to them shall apparteyne and belonge to doe by reson of anny p>cepte to hym or them to

be directed, or anny reasonable Comaundement Instaunce or Request touchinge the pmysses, or other defaulte in may be finedwd

anny appearaunce or colleccbn to make, Or yf anny psone, beinge suspecte or not to be indifferentlye taxed as is ^J^J^oner*

aforesaide, do refuse to be examyned accordinge to the teno' of this Acte before the saide CSmyssioners, or as many

of them as shalbe therunto assigned as is aforesaide, or will not appere before the same Comyssioners uppon wamynge

to hym made, or els make resistauns or rescous uppon anny Distres uppon hym to be taken for any pcell of the saide

Subsedie, or comytte any mysbehavio' in any mann! of wise contrary to this Acte, or comytt any wilfull omyssion or

other whatsoev1 wilfull not doinge or mysdoinge contrary to the teno’ of this Acte or Graunte, the same Comyssioners

and ev’y nombre of them above remembred or twoo of them at the leaste, uppon probable knowledge of anny suche

mysdemeanurs had by informacbn or examynacon, shall and maye sett uppon ev'y suche Offender for ev*y suche

Offence, in name of a Fyne by the same Offender to be forfeyted, xl s. or under, by the discression of the same

Comyssioners; And further the same Comyssioners, & ev*y nombre of them, or twoo of them at the leaste, shall have

aucthoride by this present Acte to punyshe ev*y suche Offender by ymprisonment, ther to remayne and to be delyv'ed

by theyr discression as shall seme to them convenyent; the saide Fynes, if anny suche be, to be certified by the saide

Comyssioners that soe assessed the same into the Quenes Ma" saide Eschequere, ther to be levyed and payde

by the Collecto's of that pties for the saide Subsedye returned into the saide Exchequer, to be therew1" charged

with the payment of the saide Subsedie, in suche mann! as the saide Fynes had byn sett and taxed uppon the

saide Offenders for the saide Subsedye.

It is also enacted by the saide aucthoritie of this present Plyament, That ev*y of the saide highe Collecto's Allowance u> w*e shall accompte for anny pte of the said Subsedye in the saide Exchequer uppon theyr scpall saide Accomptf High Collectors, to be yelded, shalbe allowed at epy of the saide payment? of the saide Subsedie for ev'ie pounde lymytted to for themtelve*," his Colleccbn, wherof anny suche Collecto' shalbe charged and yelde Accompte, yj d. as pcell of ther Charge;

That is to saie. Of e9y pounde thereof for suche psone as then have had the pticuler Colleccbn in the Townes and other Places as is aforesaide spified in hys Colleccbn, ij d.; and other ij d. of et?y pounde therof, ev’ie of the saide Chief Collecto's or ther Accomptauntes to reteigne to their owen use for ther Labo' and Charge in and aboute the premysses; and ij d. of ePy pounde Residue, to be delyped allowed and payde by the saide Collecto's soe beinge therof allowed, to suche of the Comyssione's as shall take uppon them the Busines and Labo’ for and aboute the Premysses; That is to saye, Ev'ie Collecto' to paye that Comyssioner or Comyssioners wche had the orderinge of the Writinges of and for the saide Subsedie, where the saide Collecto' or Collecto's had their Colleccbn for the expences of the saide Comyssioners soe takinge uppon them the saide busines, and labo' of ther Clarkes wrilinge of the Precept? and Extract? for the saide Colleccbns, the same laste ij d. of ev'ie pounde to be devyded amongest the saide Comyssioners, having regarde to ther Labo' and Busynes taken by them or theyr said Clark? in and aboute the premysses; for the w^e pte soe to the saide Comyssioners attayninge, the saide Comyssioners yj, v, iiij, iij, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted by the Quenes Ma"" Comyssion, and ePy of them joyntly & sev^allie for his and their saide pte, maye have his remedye agaynste the saide Collecto' or Collecto's, wde therof bene and myghte have byne allowed, by Accbn of Dett, in wd,e the Defendaunte shall not wage his Lawe neyther Proteccon neyther Injunction or other Essoigne shalbe allowed.

And that no psone nowe beinge of the nombre of the Company of this p>sent Plyam', nor any ComyssioS, shalbe Member*^ named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or psento' of the saide Subsedie or of any pte therof; nor no Parliament, ComyssioSs shalbe compelled to make any psentm' or Certificat other then in the Quenes Ma"" saide F.xchequere, of j^dJ^MTbe for or concemynge the saide Subsedie or any pte therof; And lykewise that no other psone that shalbe named or Collector*, &c. assigned to be Comyssioners in any place to and for thexecucbn of this Acte of Subsedie, be or shalbe assigned or named Hed Collecto's of any the Payin'? of the saide Subsedie, neither of any pte therof; And that ePy suche psone or psones w^e shalbe named and appoynted as is aforesaide to be Hed Collecto's in and for the first Payin' of this Subsedie, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the Seconde Paym' of the saide Subsedye, or for any pte therof;

And the saide Collecto's wcl,e shalbe assigned for the Colleccbn of the saide Subsedie, or for any pte therof, and ev*y Collector* shall of them, be and shalbe acquited and dyscharged of all mann! Fees Reward? and of evV other Charges in the Quenes |7clwquer! Ma"" Exchequere or elswhere, of them or any of them by reson of that Colleccbn Paym' or Accompt? or anny thinge con&iynge the same to be asked ; And y' yf any psone receyve or take any Fees Rewardes or Pleasures of any suche Accomptant, that then he shall forfeyte to the Quenes Ma"' for e$y peny or value of ev'y peny so taken, v s. and suffer ymprisonment at the Quenes Ma"" Pleasure.

And after the taxinge and assessinge of the saide Subsedie as is aforesaide had or made, and the saide Extract? After Ailment therof in pchment unto the Collecto' in man! & so'me before rehersed delyved, the saide Comyssioners wche shall take &c. Commissioners uppon them thexecucbns of this Acte, w"in ther lymytt? of ther Comission, by ther Agrement? shall have metinge certify" their"»eYer»l together; at w^e Metinge ev'ie of the saide Comyssioners wcl,e then shall have taken uppon them thexecucbn of anny A*c*ment« with

476

5° Eliz. c. 31.

A.D. 1562-S.

the Name* of pte of the saide Commission, shall by hymself or by his sufficient Deputie, trulye certifie and bringe so'the unto the saide Finet^&c* *"dComyssioffs named in the saide Comyssion, the Certificate and Presentment made before hym and suche other ComyssioSs as were lymytted w,h hym in one lymytte, so that the same Certificate maye be accompted and caste w°" the other Certificatf of the other lymyttf w'"in the same Comyssion ; and then the saide ComyssioSs and epy nombre of them, unto twoo at the leaste as is aforesaide, yf anny be in lyfe, or there Execute's or Admynystrato's of their Goods yf they then be deade, shall jointlie and sev'allie as they were devided w,hin their lymyttf, under ther Seales by ther Discresc&n, make one or sevall Writings indented, conteynyng in it aswell the names of the saide Collected by the Comyssionere for suche Collecc&n and Accomptf in Thexchequer & Payin' in the saide Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse & sevall somes written unto ev*y suche Collecto' to receyve the saide Subsedie; And also all Fynes AiScyamentes and other Forfeytures, if anny suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w"4n the p*cincte & lymitt of ther Comyssion, to be certyfied into the Quenes Mau" saide Eschequer by the saide Commissione’s; In w'he Writinge or Writings indented soe to be certified, shalbe playnlie declared and expressed, the whole & entier some or somes of the said Subsedie sev'allie lymytted to the Collecc&n of the saide Collecto's sePallie deputed and assigned to the Collecf&n of the saide Somes; soe that none of the saide Collecto's soe certified in the saide Exchequer shalbe compelled ther to accompte or to be charged, but onlie to and for the some lymytted to his Collection, k not to or for anny s5me lymytted to the Collecc&n of his Fellowe, but that ev'ie of them shalbe sev'allie charged for ther pte Separate lymytted to their Collecc&n. And yf the saide ComyssyoSs joyned in one Comvssion amongf themselfes in that

be made sphere7 matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not redye, or refuse to make Certificat w1" other of the same ComyssioSs,

Commissioner* do that then the same ComyssyoSs maye make sevall Indentures in so'me aforsaide of ther sev’all Lymyttf or Sepac&ns agree, Collecto's w*t*in y' lymyttf of ther Comyssion, uppon and in the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or

suche other like Devisions wlhin ther saide sev'all Lymyttf of ther Comyssion, as the places ther shall require to be sev'ed & devided, and as to the same Comissions shall seme good to make Devisions of ther Lymyttf or Collectors shall Collec£&ns for the sevall Charges of the same Collecto's; So that alwaye one Collecto' shalbe charged and accompte

res’jxctire Districts; for his pte to hym to be lymytted onelie by hymself and not for any some lymytted to the pte of any of his Fellowes,

& the Chargf of ev*y of the Collecto's to be sett and certified sevallie uppon them; and ev*y suche Collecto' uppon his Accompte and Payment of the some of Monney lymytted w,hin his Collection to be sevallie by himself acquited and discharged in the saide Exchequer, w'foute payinge anny maner Fees or Rewardf to anny psone or psones for the same, uppon the payne & penaltie laste abovesaide, and not to be charged for anny porc&n of anny other Collecto'. And yf anny Comyssioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaide shall before any suche Comyssioner be examyned, and the Somes rated & sett, and the Bookes and Writings therof beinge in his Handes, or yf any Collecto' or other psone charged w"1 any Receipte of any pte of the saide Subsedie, or any other psone

taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged w' & for anny pcell of the saide Subsedie, or w' any other Somes or Fyne

Amercyament Penaltie or other Forfeyture, happen to dye before the Comyssioner Collecto' or other whatsoev* psone or psones have executed accomplisshed satisfied or sufficientlie discharged that welle to ev'y suche psone shall apparteygne or belonge to doe accordinge to this Acte, then Thexecuto's & Heires of ev*y suche psone, and all other seased of any Landes or Tents, that anny suche psone beinge charged by this Acte, & deceasinge before he be discharged therof or any other to his use onlie had of Estate of Inherytaunce, at the tyme that any suche psone was named ComyssioS Collecto' or otherwise charged wlh & for any man! of thinge to be done satisfied or p" by reason of this Acte, & all those y‘ have in ther Possessions or Hands any Goods or Cattellf Leases or other Things that were to any suche

psone or psones at yc tyme of his Deathe, or any Lands or Tenementf that were the same psones at the tyme he

was as is aforesaid charged by this Acte, shalbe by y* same compelled k charged to doe & accomplishe to doe in ev*y case as the same psone so beinge charged shoulde have don & might have byn compelled to do yf he had byn in pleyne lif, after suche rate of y* Landes and Goodes of the saide Comissiofl or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his Hande; And yf the saide ComissiorJs for causes reasonable them movinge, shall thinck it not convenyent to joyne in one the Commissioner* Certificat as is aforesaide, then the saide psone or psones y’ shall firste joyne togither, or he that shall firste certifie

do not join. the saide writinge indented as is aforesaid, shall certifie all the names of the ComissiorJs of y' Comission, wheruppon

suche writings shalbe there then to be certified, w‘ Dyvysion of ye Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf or other places to & amonge suche Comyssion!* of the same Comission, w1 y' names of the same ComyssoSs wher suche Sepac&ns k Dyvysions shalbe, wlh y* grosse somes of money, aswell of k for the saide Subsedye taxed or sett of or w,hin the saide Hundreds Wardes Wapentakf or other places, to hym or them devided or assigned that shall so ?tyfie ye said firste writinge, as of Fynes Anicyam'f Penalties or other Forfeytures, yf any happen to be w^n the same Lymyttf wherof the same Writings shalbe certified; k after suche Writing indented, w^e as is aforesaid shalbe certified & not conteygne in it the whole k full somes set and taxed w^in the lymyttf of the same Comyssion, the other ComyssioSs of y* same before the daye of payment of the saide Subsedie, shall certyfie into the saide Exchequer by their Writinge or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaide, the grosse and severall somes sett and taxed w,hin the places to them lymytted for the saide Subsedie, and other Fynes Amarcyamentf Penalties & Forfeytures, w"1 the names of the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes k other Places to them assigned; or els by ther said Writings indented to certifie at the same Place before the saide Daye of Payin', suche reasonable causes for ther Excuses whye they maye not make suche Certificat of and for the saide Subsedie Fynes Amarcyamentes and other Forfeytures growinge or sett by reason of the causes of ther Lettf, or of their none certyfyinge as is aforesaide; or els in Defaulte therof, Preces to be made oute of the Quenes Majesties saide Exchequere agaynste the saide Comissioners and ev’y of them not makinge Certificate as is aforesaide, by the dyscresston of the Treasoro' or Barons of the saide Exchequere.

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners, Collectors, &c. dying, shall complete their Duties;

Form of the first

A'D.\562S.

5° Eliz. c. 31.

477

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That the Inhabitauntes of the Parrishe of Saint Martyn called Stampforde Baron in the Suburbes of the Borowe and Towne of Stampford, in the South pte of the Water there, called Welland, w*e herafter shalbe contrubutory to the paym* of this {Snt Subsedye graunted to the Quenes Ma"' her Heires and Successor, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this tyme by suche Comyssioris wch shalbe appoynted for the taxinge rating and sessing of suche Subsedye or Tax w^n the Countie of Lincolne, and shalbe for this tyme contrybutory, and paye the saide Subsidye to the Collecto' or Collecto's w*1 shalbe assigned & appoynted for the leveyng and gathering of the same, w* the Aldermen and Burgesses of the saide Burrowe and Towne of Stampford.

Provided alwayes and be it furthere enacted by thactoritie aforesaid, That all & ev*y psone & psones having Mano's Lands Tents and other Heredytam'f chargeable to the paym' of the Subsedye gr*unted to the Quenes Ma"* by this Acte, and also having Spuall Possessions chargeable to her saide Ma"* by the Graunte made by the Clergye of this Realme in theire Convocac&n, and ov* this having Substaunce in Goods and Cattallf chargeable by this saide Acte, that then if any of the saide psone or psones be herafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mano's Lands and Tentz & Spuall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his or theire Goods & Cattallf, that then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Acte for his and theire said Mano's Lands Tentz Heredytam'f & Spirituall Possessions, or only for his said Goods & Cattallf, the best therof to be taken for the Quenes Ma"*, and not to be charged for both or doble charged for any of them ; any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

Pvidbd alweys, That this Graunte of Subsedy nor any thing therin conteyned in any wyse extend to charge Thinhabitauntz or Dwellers in Ireland Jemesey and Garnasey, or any of them, of for or conchyng any Mano's Lands Tentz or other Possessions Goods Cattallf or other mooveable Substance, w*e the saide Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any other to theire use have w,hin Irelande Jernesey and Garnesey, or in any of them, or of for or con&ning any Fees or Wages wch anj of the saide Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma"* for theire Attendance and doing fvice to o' Sovaigne Lady in Ireland Jernesey and Garnasey or in any of them ; Any thing in this pnt Acte to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

■Pvided also, That this pnt Acte of Subsedy, ne any thing therin conteyned, extende to any the Englisshe Inhabitantf or Resyantf in any of the Counties of Northumbland Cumbland WestiSland the Towne of Barwyck the Towne of Newe Castell upon Tyne and the Bisshoppryck of Durh*m, nor to any of them, of for or conc?nyng anny Mano's Lands Tentz or other Possessions Goods Cattallf or other moveable Substance, whiche the same Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any other to there Use have w,hin the saide Counties of Northumbland Cumbland Westfiland, or the Towne of Barwyck the Towne of Newecastell upon Tyne or the Bisshopprick of Durh*m, or any of them ; or of for or conc?nyng any Fees or Wags wche any of the said Inhabitantz or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma"' for there Attendaunce & doing fvice to the Quenes Ma"' for or w,hin the saide Counties of Northubland Cubland Westn)land the Towne of Barwyck the Towne of Newe Castell upon Tyne & the Bisshopprick of Durh'm, or any of them, ro or for the said taxing levying gatheryng or paym1; but that the Englisshe Inhabitantz & Resyantf and evy of them of the said Counties Bisshopprick & Townes & e$y of them, shalbe of and from the saide Subsedye and ePy pcell therof, & for there Mano's Lands Tentz Fees Wages Goods & Cattellf liyng and being in the saide Counties Townes and Bisshoppryck, or any of them, utterly acquyted and discharged; Any thing in this pnt Acte before rehersed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provtded also that all Ires Patentz graunted by the Quenes Ma"' or any of her most noble Pgenytours to any Cities Boroughes or Townes w,hin this Realme of any man! of Lybties Pryvelegf or Exempc&ns, from the Burden & Charge of any suche Grauntf of Subsedy wch be at this jPsent tyme in force & vayleable, shall remayne gdod and effectuall to the said Cities Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the purportf therof; thoughe the inhabitauntf of the same shall, uppon the greate & weightie Consideracon of the Graunte abovesaid, be for this Graunte charged & contrybutory, in lyke maner so'me & sorte as other Cities Borowghes & Townes wthe be not in any wyse pryvyleged, be from suche Graunte of Subsidye excepted.

Pvided alwayes & be it enacted by thauctoritie aforesaid, That no Orphan or Infant w,hin the age of xxj" yeres borne w^in any of the Quenes Ma"" Domynyons, shalbe charged to any paym* of this Subsidy for his or her Goods & Cattallf to hym or her lefte or bequethed; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notw,hstondyng.

Provided also, That this Acte nor any thing therin conteyned, shall not extend to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Ostell w"’in the UnyvWies of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton, founded by Bushopp Wykeh*m, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledges of Wyndesore and Eaton next Wynsore, or to the Goods or Lands of any c5mon Free Gramer Scole wthin the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reder Scole maister or Scoler or any Graduate resyant or remayning for Study wlhoute Fraud or Covyn, w^m any of the said Unyv'syties & Collegf or Townes of Cambridge & Oxford or Suburbes of the same or any of them, or to any theyre fv'ntz dailly attendant upon any of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Mynyster Almesman or #v*ntz belonging to any of the saide Univ'sities Colledgys Halles or Hostellf, & dwelling & resiant wthin the said UniPsities or either of them, or w'hin either of the saide Townes

XXVI. Stamford Baron shill be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII.

Penoni haring Landi and Spiritual Posseaiiont, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, tcc. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Olliers in Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey.

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

XXX.

Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies.

[S« VII.]

XXXI.

Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, Etc.

XXXII. Exemption of Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

6 F

478

5° Eliz. c.31.

A.D. 1562-3.

XXXIII.

Exemption for the Cinque Porte.

XXXIV. Persons chargeable with Myses or Subsidies, in Wales, shall not be charged with Subsidies under this Act, until Expiration of former Myses and Subsidies.

XXXV. Certificate of Termination of such Myses.

XJUCVI. Exemption for Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

of Cambridge & Oxford & Subburbes of the same w^oute Fraude or Covyn; Nor to the Goods & Lands of any Hospitall Measondue or Spittell House, ppaired & used for the Sustentacbn & Relyef of poore People; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also, That the saide Graunte of Subsedy or any thing therin conteyned, doo not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall or hurtefull to the Inhabitantz or Resyantz at this pnt tyme w,hin the Fyve Porttf Corporate, or any of there Membres incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Ports, or to any of the same Fyve Ports, of or for any pte or pcell of the saide Somes graunted in this Plyament, of the said Inhabitantz nowe resiant or any of them to be taxed set asked levyed or paide; but the said Inhabytantz & Resyantz in the said Fyve Ports and there Members, be & shalbe of & from the said Graunte & Payment of the saide Subsedye, during theire Resyauncy there & no longer, clerely acquyted & discharged; Any Matter or whatsoeP Thing in this Acte had or made to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provyded also and be it enacted, Y* forasmoche as dyv's & sondry the Quenes Ma"" Ten*ntz, and other Inhabitantz & Dwellers, w^in the Counties of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardygan Brecknock Glamorgan Radnour Mongomery Denbigh Flynte Mioneth Anglesey Carnarvan, and of the Countie Pallantyne of Chester, be at this pnt tyme charged & chargeable, aswell w,h the se9all Paymentf of dyv's greate Somes of Money by the name of Myse, due to her Ma"% according to the sev'all Customes of the said Counties, as also w"1 the Paymentf of dyv's sev'all Subsidyes lately graunted to o' late Sov'aigne Lorde and Lady Kyng Philipp and Quene Mary, and to the Quenes Highnes that nowe is, and yet unpaid; Be it therfore ordeyned & enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid. That this Acte of Subsedy or any Thing therin conteyned, shall not extend to charge any of the Quenes Ten*ntz and other Inhabitauntf and Dwellers w"‘in any of the saide Counties of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardigan Glamorgan Breckenocke Radnour Mongomery Denbigh Flynt Mioneth Anglesey Carnarvon, and the Countie Palentyne of Chester, beinge charged or chargeable w"1 the saide Myse or severall Subsidyes, for or in any of the Paymentf of the saide Subsidy graunted to the Quenes Ma,lc by this Acte, untyll the said sev'all dayes & tymes for the paym1 of the saide'Myses shalbe expired, and untyil the dayes and tymes aswell of the said sev'all Subsedies lately graunted to or late Souv'aigne Lorde & Souv'aigne Lady Kyng Philipp and Quene Mary as also of the said Subsedy heretofore graunted to the Quenes Ma"* that nowe is, be also past & expired ; and that then the first payment of the said Subsydye g*unted by this psent Acte shalbe made at the Receipt of the Quenes Exchequer, before the first daye of June next folowyng after the last dayes of the last payment to be had or appoynted of the said Myses and of the payment of the said former Subsidies; and the seconde payment of this Subsidye to be made by or before the xxlh day of February next after the said first payment of the sayd Subsydye.

Furdermore be yt enactyd by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Ten’ntf and Dwellers of eQy of the said Countyes in this Provif remembred, shall sev'ally before the Feast of Penthecoste next ensuyng, certyfye into the said Courte of Exchequer, under the Seales of Two Justicf of Peax of ev*y of the said Countyes wherof one to be of the Quop, when and what daye the last payment of the said sev'all Myses now due in any of the sayd Countyes shall ende and exspire.

(1) Provyded also, That the sayd Graunte of Subsedye and Two XV"" and Xth doo not in any maner of wise extende or be prejudeciall or hurtfull to the Inhabitantf or Resiauntf at this psent tyme w,hin the Libertyes of Romney Marshe, of or for any parte of the said somes graunted in this psent Parlyament, of the said Inhabytantf now resyauntf or any of them to be taxed sett asked levyed or payed ; but that the said Inhabytantf and now resyauntf of Romney Marshe aforesaid and e9y of them, be and shalbe of and from the said Graunte and Payment of the said Subsydye, and XV*' and X,h during there resyancye ther and not longer acquyted and discharged ; Any Matter or whatsoev' Thyng in this Psent Acte made or had to the contrarye notw,hstondyng.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

by Goo

A.D. 156VS.

5° Eliz. c. 32.

479

CHAPTER XXXII.

An Acte of an Assignement of certayne Somes of Money to defreye the Chardges of the Quenes

Majesties Howsholde.

TT7UERAS in the tyme of the most famouse and victorious Prynce King Henry Theight, Father to the Quene our Sovereignc V V Ladye that now ys, and of other her most noble Progenitours, dyvers Statutes and Lawes have been made and established for thorder and payment of thexpenses and chardges of their most honorable Housholdes, and sundryc Somes of Money for the paymentes therof yerely growing of the Revenues have been limited and appoynted for the same j Whiche Statutes and Lawes been nowe adnulled voyde and stonde in no force, for that dyvers of the said Somes of Money so heretofore limited and appointed bee determyned and not leviable and some of them bee [come 1 ] to the Quenes Ma'lr' Progenitors handes by unitie of possession, and some other of them been granted by the Quenes Ma1" Progenitoures to sundrye psons in Fee Symple Fee Taile and Terme of Lief, so that the said Somes of Moneye or the most pte of them for the Causes aforesaid are not leviable at this pnte: And yet nevertheles in consideracon of greate Dearthe and extreame Prices of Victualles and all other thinges, Thexpenses and Chardges of the Quenes Ma'c* Howsholde that nowe ys, dothe exceade the Proporcons and Thexpenses of any her noble pgenito" Housholdes, as by the Recordcs of her Ma'" Exchequer yt dothe playnly and manifestly appeare : Therfore the Quenes most excellent Ma'"' by thadvice Consent and Assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this pnte Pliament assembled and by thaucthoritee of the same, to thintent that her Ma'" loving Subjectes of whom any maner of Victualles or other Thinges shalhre bought or taken for Provision of the said Housholde, maye have redye Moneye payde to them in hande for the same Victualles and other Thinges, Willethc ordeynethe enactethe and establishethe, that all and every the severall Somes of Money in this pnte Acte hereafter ensueng and in Writing specified lymyted and annoted, amownting in all to the Some of Fowrtye thowsande twentye seven powndcs sour shillinges twoo pens halfpeny, shalbee yerely taken receyved appoynted and applyed towarxlf and for the Paymentes conteyning Thexpences and Chardges of her said most honorable Housholde : And that therfore yerely A.'signementes severally shalbe made for the said Expenses and Chardges and to none other use by the Lorde Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beyng in due and sufficient fourme, at the Receypte of the Quenes Exchequer and at all other her Courtes Offices and Places of Heceipte of her Moncye and Treasour, unto the Coferer of her Howsholde for the time being, of the Treasorers Generali Receyvo" Pticler Receivo" Custorrlz Collecto" Fermo" Fee Fermo" Occupiers and Other psons changeable for the Mano" Lands Tenementes Customes Subsidies and other Hereditamentes and Thinges as hereafter followethe ; Vidz.

Former Acts for Payments of the Ex pences of the Royal Household

become void

The several Sums herein specified shall be applied towards paying the Expences of the Royal Household;

Assignments thereof shall be made by the Treasurer to the Cofferer of the Household, at the Exchequer, &c.

Buclt -

Bristoll -

Cantabr -f

Doras'

Essex 1

Ebor -

Leicestr -

London ■{

Northtd ■{

BercH

Oxon -

Wiltesh' -

Eboru Civitas

Ebr Kingston sup Hull 1 -/

Kyngston sup Hull -{

London -{

Dors s’ -{

Somersh

Dorssh -I

Devon -/

Comub .1

D Firmar Manerij de Quarenden p redd reservaf ejusdem Manerij D Occupator Manerij de Creslowe - -

D Maior CSitat et BurgenS ville Bristoll de feod firma ejusdem ville D Cancellar Universitaf Cantabr et Successor suis de feod firth Assis panis et servic & punicois et correccois ejusdem -

D Maior Batt & Burgenf Ville Cantabr de feod firma ejusdem ville D Burgenf ville Dorssh' de feod firm ejusdem ville -

B Firmar Manerij et Burg de Thackestedd de feod firma eorund Manerij et Burg cum ptinenc - ..

D Burgenf ville de Scardboroughe de feod firm ejusdem ville D Grisilda Strelley & hered suis p reddit refvat nup Prior de Ulvescrofte D Civib) & Vic civitat London de feod firm dee Civitat •

D Firmar certay terr in Watforde St Surelsworthe de feod firm dear terr D Firmar Manlij de Gretton de feod firm ejusdem Manerij D Hominiby de KyngesclyfT de firm ejusdem Ville -

D Hominiby ville de Kyngesthorpe de firm ejusdem ville D Firmariis sive custod oim assert & p'prestur in? pontes de Stamford & Oxoii D Burgenf de Abingdon de feod firm ejusdem ville

D Burgenf Oxon de feod firm ejusdem ville ..

D Firmariis Subsid et ulnag pannor venaliu in Com predco

IS.

xlti.

Cij ti. xvs. x d.

xii.

lxx ti. xx ti.

Ivij ti. x s. xlti. xx ti.

CCti.

•xx ti. xxv ti. xlti. iti.

xxvij ti. iiij s. ij d. ob. Cij li. xvjs. vijd. _xxxv ii. lxxvij ti.

D Firmariis Subsid et ulnag pannor venealiu in Com predco

- lxxxxvj ti.

Collector Custum & Subsid I>ne Regine in Porf de Kingcston sup Hull qui nunc sunt et qui p tempore erunt de eisdem Custum et Subsid - -

Collector subsid Re' iij s. de dolio et xvij d. de libra in Porf London adduct qui nunc est & p tempore erit - - -

Collector pve Custum in Porf London eduef qui nunc est & p tempore erit Collector Custum et Subsid in Porf de Poole qui nunc est et qui p tempore erit de eisdem Custum et Subsid - - - -

General Receptor oim Dnoy Mantrioj terf tenement 8c hereditament Dne Regine in Com predco nup computabit in nup Cur Augment Revenc Corone Regie qui nunc est qui pro tempore erit de exitiby officii sui - f D General Receptor oim Dnioy Manerioj terrar tenement et hereditam I>ne Rege

etc ut sup* de exitiby officii sui - - - - vj C ti.

1 comcn 0.

- CCti.

vM v C ti. vijMti.

- xliij ti. xvij s. vij d.

- M1 ti.

b>

480

5° Eliz. c. 32.

A.D. 1562S.

H.

Kamel, See. in this Act, otherwise than in the Exchequer, may he amended by the Treasurer.

III.

In Default of lerying the Sums specified. Treasurer shall assign other Sums.

IV.

Such Assignments preferred before all other Grants.

Total shall not exceed the Sum of 1640,027. 4s. 2df Particular Receivers shall pay only to General Receivers.

General Receivers, Customers, &c. shall pay to the Cofferer; Penalty £20. recoverable by the Cofferer.

Glocest?

Wiltesh'

South!

Kane

Surrey

Sussexe

London

Midd

Essex

Herts f

Norff

Hun!

Suff

Can!

Bedd

Buck

Oxon

Beret

Warr#

Leicesf

Staff

Hereff

Wigorii

Salopp

Northwall

South wall

NorthtS

Rutland

Anglia

:}

:}

D General Receptor Sim Dominio? Manerio? ter? tenemento? et hereditam Dne Regine in Coffi predcs, &c. de exitibj officii sui

- CCCCh.

D General Receptor 61m Dnio? Manerio? terra? tenementor et hereditamento? Dne Regine in Coni predcs, 8cc. ut sup* de exitibus officii sui

- M1 CC ti.

- Id General Receptor dim Dnior Manerior terr tenementor et hereditamento? Dne

Regine in Com predict, 8cc. ut sup de exit officii sui - M1 CC ti.

:}

:}

D General Receptor Sim Dnior Manerior terr tento? 8c hereditamentor Dne Regine

in Com predcis, &c. ut sup* de exitibus officii sui - - v C ti.

■ ID General Receptor Sim Dnior Manerior terra? tento? 8c hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Com predcis, 8cc. ut sup* de exit officii sui - - - vj C ti.

D General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? ter? tento? et hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Coni predcis, 8cc. ut sup* de exit officii sui - - - vj C ti.

D General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? terra? tento? et hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Coni pred, 8cc. ut sup* de exif officii sui - - - vj C ti.

D General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? ter? tento? et hereditament Dne Regine in Com predict nup computabit in nup cu? Augment Revenc Corone Regie qui nunc est et qui pro tempore erit de exitib} officii sui - - - vj C ti.

D General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? ter? tento? et hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Coin predcis, 8cc. ut sup* de exit officii sui - CCCCti.

D General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? terra? tento? et hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Com predcis, 8cc. ut sup* de exitibj officii sui CCC ti.

{D General Recepto? oim Dnio? Manerio? terra? tento? et hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Com predcis, 8cc. ut sup* de exitib) officii sui ... CCC ti.

SD General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? ter? tento? et hereditam Dne Regine in

Corn pred, 8tc. ut sup* de exitib} officii sui - - - v C ti.

{D General Recepto? Sim Dnio? Manerio? ter? tento? et hereditamento? Dne Regine

in Com pred, &c. ut sup* de exitib} officii sui - CCCC ti.

D General Recepto? Ducat Lancast? qui nuc est et qui pro tempore erit de exitib}

officii sui - - - - - - vij M1 ti.

D General Recepto? Cu? Wardo? et Liberac Regine qui nunc est et qui pro tempore erit de exitib} officii sui - - - - - x M1 ti.

All whiche somes of Moneye before writton doo amounte in the whole to the sayd some of Fowrtye thowsande twentye and seven poundes sour shillinges twoo pens halfe penye.

And furthermore yt ys enacted, That yf any of the Premysses concerning the sayd somes or any of them bee otherwyse named in this Acte or in any other Stile or Woordes writton, then they or any of them be writton or made in the Quenes Eschequer of Recorde or other Courtes or Places, so and as by occasion therof Tayles or Billes of them for sure dischardge of any psons or pties maye not sufficiently or conveniently bee rearde levyed stricken and allowed, that then every of them so beyng shalbee from tyme to tyme amended by the sayd Lorde Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beyng, and shalbee writton after their trewe and propre Names and Stiles, and shalbee entred of Recorde so that the sayd Tayles or Billes and Assignementes maye bee sufficiently levyed made and allowed.

And yf the somes of Money above rehearsed or pcell of them may not or cannot be levyed of the Premisses or any of them, that then the sayd Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beyng for and in recompence of as muche as shall want and fayle thereof, by his discretyon or by vertue of this Acte shall w,hout any other Warrante make Payin' or other sufficient Assignement from tyme to tyme to the sayd Coferer of her sayd Housholde for the tyme beyng towardes the Chardges and Expenses of the sayd Housholde of other of the Quenes Revenues and HereditamT wher he shall thinck most convenyent and best and w'Niut eny deleye.

And further yt ys enacted, That all Assignementes nowe made and hereafter to bee made by vertue of this Acte, of the somes of Moneye in fourme aforesayd lymyted and annoted and of all and every other some and somes of Money to bee appoynted by the Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beyng towardes the Chardges 8c Expenses of the sayd Housholde and every pcell of them, shalbee preferred in Paymentes therof towardes the same before all other Grantes Paymentes Reparacons and Assignementes made or to be made by the Quenes Ires Patcntes Pryvye Seale or otherwise, of any somes of Money to bee hadd of the Premisses; so that no Assignement hereafter shalbee made by the Treasourer of Englande whereby the whole or the totall some by this Acte to bee lymyted for the sayd Housholde shall exceade the sayd some of xlM'txvijii. iiij s. ijd. ob: And that no pticler Receyvo'Baylyef or other Accomptant of the Premisses paye any Moneye of his Resceypte but onely to the Generali Receyvours Handes of the same Revenue for the time beyng, other then Fees and Wages due and accustomed to bee payde to Thofficers and Mynysters of the same withe the necessarye Chardges to the same belonging, before that the sayd somes before specified and mentyoned bee payde to the sayd Generali Reccyvour: And that the sayd Generali Receyvo' wlhin fowrty days nexte ensuyng after the Receypte therof, and everye Customer wu,yn fowrty days nexte after lawful! demaunde accordyng to the true meanyng of this Acte, doo make Payment of the same somes of Money appoynted by this Acte from tyme to tyme unto thandes of the Coferer of the Quenes Housholde for the tyme beyng for the Chardges and Expenses of the Quenes sayd Housholde wll,out any deley; upon payne to forfayte and lose the some of Twentye Poundes as ofte as he or they shall offende to the contrary; Thone Half of every suche Forfayture to bee to the Quenes Use and thother Half to the said Cofcre' for the tyme beyng to his owne use •, And that the sayd Coferer shall have his Recoverye thereof by Actyon of Dett or Informacons in the Quenes Exchequer, wherin the Defendant shall not wage Lawe or anye Essoine or Protec 65n shalT lye or bee allowed.

A.D. 1562-3.

5° Eliz. c. 32.

481

And also yt ys ordeyned enacted and established by thaucthoritee [aforesayd,1 ] That yf any peon or psons chardged or changeable or hereafter to be chardged or chargeable to the Paymentes of any of the somes aboresaid by vertue of this Acte, and of and upon Assignement by Tayles or otherwise nowe made or hereafter to bee made in fourme aforesayd, doo paye or content any s5me or somes of Money of any of the Premisses to any other pson or psons by vertue of the Quenes tres Patentet or Pryvye Seale or any her Highnes Progenitoures or otherwise whatsoever, before the said sSmes by him or them to bee payd assigned and lymyted to the Chardges and Expenses of the sayd Housholde bee fully contented and payd in fourme abovesayd, that then he or they to forfaite and lose for every suche Payment the sdme of Twenty Pounds, as ofte as he or they doo make any suche Payment of any of the Premisses before any of the somes above said assigned to bee payde to Thexpenses and Chardges of the said Housholde in fourme abovesaid bee contented and payde ; thone half of every suche. Forfeyture to bee to the Quenes use and thother half to the said Coferer for the tyme beyng to his owne use } and that the same Coferer shall have his Recoverye by AccBn of Dette or by Informac6n in the Quenes Majesties Exchequer wherein the Defendaunt shall not wage Lawe or Esaoyne or Proteccon lye or bee allowed.

Provided always, That none Assignement shalbee made of any Landes Customes or other Revenues, other then suche' and so muche as the Resydue shall suffice for Satisfaction and Payment to bee made to all Patentees and Officers of theyr Annuytees Fees Wagys and other Dutyes due to bee payde of the same.

And yt ys further ordeined and enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That this pnte Acte for Appointment for the Chardges 8c Expenses of the Quenes Housholde, shall comence and begyne to take effecte, in every thing excepte onelye the Penaltyes herein conteyned, at the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell last paste.

Also bee yt established and enacted by aucthoritee of this Pliament, That the sayd pticuler somes above writton and every of them shalbee payde from tyme to tyme to the Coferer of the Quenes Housholde for the tyme beyng, or to his sufficient Deputie by him to bee appoynted assigned and deputed for the Receypte of the same, and to none other pson or psons; the same Coferer or his Deputie delyvering to every ptye at the tyme of his or their Payment or Paymentes to him to bee made as ys aforesayd a sufficient Tayle or Tayles Byll or Bylies for his or theyr Discharges of that Paymentes against the Quene our Sovereygne Ladye her Heires and Successoures : And that the Treasourers Generali Receyvo1* Customers Comtrollers or any other pticuler Receyvo" or Baylyeff of any of the Premisses shall and maye retayne in theyr Hands suche Fees and Wages and Rewardes as to them of Right dothe belonge for thexecuting of their sayd Office or Offices ; Any thing in this Acte specified or conteyned to the contrary not withestanding.

And bee yt further enacted, That Preferrementes of Paymentes of the Premisses shalbee first made to thuse of the Quenes sayd most Honorable Householde after fourme above writton, for the Chardges and Expenses of the same; and that every ptie by suche Paymentes shalbee thereby sufficiently discharged of and for so muche as he or theye shall so paye, against all psons having tres Patentee or any other Grantes, and against all psons demanding or having cause to demaunde any some of Money in or upon any of the Premisses so to bee payd to the Cofere' as aforesayd; Any Acte or Actes heretofore had or made or any other Thing to the contrary notwithestanding.

V.

Penalty on paying Money in Preference to the Sums assigned jfao. recoverable by the Cofferer.

VI.

Proviso for Wages, ftc. of Officers.

VII. Commencement of Act.

VIII.

All Sums shall be paid to the Cofferer or his Deputy.

Treasurers, Customers, he. may retain their Fees.

IX. Payments by Preference under this Act, good against Patentees.

Saving to all and every pson and psons wch have any Ires Patentes Grants or Assignementes of any of the Premisses to them made before the first daye of this Pliament, all suche Right Demaunde Title and Interest as they or any of them have in or to any of the Premisses, so that the sayd somes of Money assigned for the Chardgf and Expenses of the said Housholde by this Acte bee first fully contented and payd to the said Coferer for the tyme beyng as ys aforesayd, before any other Paymentes shalbee made to any other pson or psons to whom any suche tres Patentes Graunte or Assignement ys or shall so bee made; Any Acte or other Thing to the contrary notwithestandyng: And saving to every of the Quenes liege People other then suche as clayme any Estate or Interest as they or any of them have by Right or Title of Inherit*unce or Succession of or in the Premisses or any pte therof, in [the • ] lyke maner and fourme as yf this Acte had never been hadd nor made.

And furthermore bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the Treasourers Charaberlaynes and Barons of the Quenes Courte of Exchequer for the tyme beyng, at all tymes when and as often as yt shalbee thought requisyte and convenient, at the request of the Coferer of the Quenes Ma'tf Housholde for the tyme beyng, shall call before them taccoupte at the [ Feast1 ] of Easter and S' Mighell Tharchaungell, all Collectors Customers and other psons chardgeable to the Paymentes of any thaforesayd somes, by thys Acte assigned or hereafter to bee assigned for Thexpenses and Chardges of the Quenes sayd Housholde; and shall cause every of them to make and bryng in theyr Vewes and Accomptes and to declare what ready Money they have receyved, so that the sayd Coferer maye bee satisfied and payde of so muche Money as by the vewe of theyr Accompje shall appeare to have been receyved by them; And yf any of the said Collectors Customers or any other psons so chardgeable to such acomptes, doo refuse or make Defaulte so to doo, that then every suche Collector Customer or other pson so making Defaulte or refusing the same to doo, shall forfaite for every suche Offence Twentye Powndes; Thone half therof to be to the Quenes use and thother half therof to the said Coferer for the tyme beyng to his own use; and that the same Coferer shall and maye sue for the same by AccSn of Dett at the Comon Lawe or by Informacftn in the Quenes Exchequer, wherin the Defendant shall not wage his Lawe nor have Essoigne or ProteccBn allowed.

And also be yt enacted by thaucthorite of this Pliam', That all psons chargeable to the Payment of any pte of the sayd some of xl M1 li. xxvij ti. iiij s. ij d. ob. assigned as ys aforesaid for the yerely Expenses and Chardges of the Quenes most honorable Housholde, other then suche as bee Customers, shall content and pay from hensforthe yerely to the said Coferer of the sayd most honorable Housholde or to his sayd Deputie for the time beyng, the severall somes that they are chardged w'ball in maner and fourme followynge that is to wytte yerely, thone Half yeres Ferine or Rent therof due and to bee due unlo our said Sovereygne Ladye the Quene at the Feast of Easter or Whitsontyde, or withyn tenne Weekes then nexte following suche of the same Feastes as the same Half yeres Rent shalbee dewe, And thother Half yeres Ferme or Rent therof due and to bee due at the Feast of S' Mighell Tharchaungell or S' Martyn in Wynter, or within tenne Weekes nexte following suche of the same Feastes as the same Half yeres Rent shalbee due yerely, upon payne of Forfeyture of xx ti. of currant Money for every tyme of not payeng the sayd Fermes and somes of Money in maner and fourme aforesayd { Thone Half of whiche Forfeiture shalbee to the Quene and thother Halfe to the sayd Coferer for the tyme beyng, and he to have his Recoverye for the same by Action of Dett at the Comen Lawe or by Informac&n in the Exchequer, in like forme as other Accons (*) and Remedies be gyyen by this Acte.

X.

Saving for Patentees after Payment of Sums so assigned

and for Claims by Inheritance.

Al.

Collectors shall account before Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer at Easter and Michaelmas.

Penalty j£jo. recoverable by the Cofferer.

XII. Persons chargeable shall pay the Cofferer at Easter and Michaelmas, Penalty jtio.

1 abovesaide 0.

* suche 0. * Feastf 0.

• Debts O.

6 G

482

5° Eliz. c.32.

A.D. 1562-3.

XIII. Treasurers shall pay Wages, Annuities, &c, to Parties entitled.

XIV. Proviso for Collectors of Fee-Farms of Corporations, <cc.

XV. Proviso for Payments by Receivers General of the Court of Wards and Duchy of Lancaster.

(4) Provided always and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd. That all Treasouren Receyvours Collectours and all and every other pson and psons chardgeable by this Acte w,h the Payment of any somes of Moneye for and towardes the Chardges of the Quenes most Honorable Housholde, may and shall content and paye of suche somes of Moneye as they shall then have receyved to all and every pson and psons their Fees Rents Pencons Wagys and Annuytees beyng laufully unto them conveyed before the makyng of this Acte, at suche dayes and tymes as the same shalbee due and laufully requyred; reteyning and kepyng always in their Hands so muche as shall remavne over and besydes the sayd Fees Rentes Pensyons Wagis and Annuitees as they ought by vertue of this Acte to pay to the Coferer of the Quenes most Honorable Housholde or to hys Deputye or Deputyes towardes the Chardge3 of the same, according to the Tcnor and Fourme expressed and mentyoned in the sayd Acte; Any Thing in the same conteyned to the contrary in any wvse notwithstanding; upon payne of the Forfeyture of thone Half of so muche Money as the said pson or psons then ought to have payde, the Moitie wherof to be to the Quenes Ma,ie and thother Moitie to the said pson and psons to bee greeved as ys aforesayd.

Pbovided also and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That no Receyvo™ Bayliefes nor other psons chardgeable w,h the Collection or Payment of the Fee Fermes or Rentes, due or to bee due by any Cities or Bourghes or Townes Corporate or not Corporate or by any other pson or psons, shalbee chardgeable by any Sentence Article or Clause conteyned in the same Acte to paye the same Fee Fermes or Rents before the days of Payment of the said Fee Fermes or Rentes conteyned in their severall tres Patentes of the Reservations of the same; Any Thing in the said Acte conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also and bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritee aforesayd, That the Receyvor Generali and Feodaries of the Courte of Wardes and Lyveryes and every of them shall and maye from tyme to tyme make Paim* of all & every some and somes of Money, nowe assigned or hereafter to be assigned for thexhibition of any Wards for the Dowrye or Joynture of any Wydowe or Wyef or for the Recompence of any Dowrye or Joynter of any Wydowes or Wieff, or for the Reparations of any Houses Milles Walles Seabanckcs Waterbanckes or other nedefull Repacons of any Landes Tenementes or Possessions pteyning to the Quenes Highnes, or wc‘ shall hereafter ptayne to her Heires or Successors in the Right of any Wardes ; And also that the sayd Receyvours Gcnetall of the Wardes and Lyvcries and also the Generali Receyvo" of the Duchye of Lancaster for the tyme beyng, shall paye all and every Fees and somes of Moneye granted assigned or appoynted to any Officers or Ministers belonging to either of the same Courtes, or for reasonable Chardges or Expenses, or for the Travayle of any Officer or other pson touching the Revenues Affayrcs or other nedefull Busincs of the same Courtes or of eyther of them, as amply and as fully as they or eyther of them might have doone before the making of this Statute, wlhout beyng empeached or molested in any wise for the Payment of the same or any of the same} Any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrary notwithestanding.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules.

"by Gck >gle

( 483 )

Anno 8° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1566.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Holden by Prorogation at Westminster, on the Thirtieth Day of September, In the EIGHTH Year of the Reign of Q,. ELIZABETH.

<£x i&otulo jaarltamentt &e 2lnno regnt Ctoabetlje laegtne tfDctatio.

In parliamento tento per Prorogacoem apud Westm, Tricesimo die Septembris Anno Regni Serenissime atq, Excellentissime Doraine nre Elizabeth Dei gfa Anglie Frauncie et Hibnie Regine, Fidei Defensoris, 8cc. Octavo; Commuri olm Dnop tam Spuatiu q*m Temporaliu ac Comunitatis concensu, et d£e Regie Ma'f turn pntis assensu, Sancita Stabilita Inactata ac Ordinata fuerunt hec triginta et quatuor Statuta verbatim ut sequnt'. Vz.

(1) I. — i. An Acte declaringe the manner of makinge and consecratinge of the Archebushopes and Busshops of this Realme to be good lawfull and parfecte.

II. — 2. An Acte whereby the Defendant maye recover his Costes beinge wrongfully vexed.

III. — 3. An Acte againste carryinge over Sea Rames Lambes and other Shepe alyve.

IV. — 4. An Acte to take awaye the benefitte of Clargye from certen feloniouse Offendors.

V. — 5. An Acte for thabridgement of Appeales in Sutes of Cyvill and Maryne Causes.

VI. — 75. An Acte touchinge Clothe Woorckers and Clothes redye wroughte to bee shipped over the Sea.

VII. — 7. An Acte touchinge Drapers Cottoners and Freesers in the Towne of Shrewisburye.

VIII.— 8. An Acte for the Repeale of a Braunche of a Statute made An° 32 H. 8. for the Stature of Horses within the Isle of Ely, and other places confyninge thereunto.

IX. — 9. An Acte to Repeale a Brabnche of a Statute made An" 23 H. 8. touchinge the prices of Barrellf and

Kylderkyns.

X. —10. An Acte for Bowyers and the pryces of Bowes.

XI. —ri. An Acte for true makinge of Hattes and Cappes.

XII. —12. An Acte for Thalnegers Fees in Lancasheire and for lengthe bredthe and waighte of Cottons Frezees

and Rugges.

XIII. —13. An Acte touchinge Sea Markes and Maryners.

XIV. —14. An Acte touchinge transportinge of Tawed Lether.

XV. —15. An Acte for p’servac&n of Grayne.

XVI. —16. An Acte that in div*se Counties there shalbe but one Sheriffe in one Countye.

17. An Acte for thencorporacon of Marchauntes Adventures for the discoveringe of newe Trades.

18. An Acte for Confirmacbn of the Quenes Highnes Ires Patentes made for the Hospitall of S‘ Barthillmewes

in Gloucestr.

19. An Acte for the Confirmacbn of Ires Patentes graunted to the Marchauntes Adventuro" of the Citie

of Bristowe.

1 The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but have been added to denote the Number of the Chapters as printed. The Old Printed Collections do not contain nu. 20. which is printed as Chapter XX. in the Modern Collections. Nu. 21 and 30 are now first printed as Chapters XXI. and XXII. The Acts for the Subsidies and Pardons, Chapters XVII. XVIII. XIX. although noticed in the above List, are not entered on the Roll, and have therefore been printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. The Acts not distinguished by Roman Numerals are merely private, and have never been inserted in the Printed Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margins of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

484

8° Eliz. c. 1

A.D. 1566.

XX.—ao. An Acte for the Repeale of a Braunche of a Statute made An* a6 H. 8, touchinge tryall of Offences in the Countie of Merioneth in Northwales.

XXI.—3i. An Acte confirmynge the Quenes Ma'f ires Patentes concemynge the makinge of AUome and Copras within this Realme and other her Highnes Domynions.

32. An Acte for thinnynge of Plumsted Marshe beinge surrounded.

33. An Acte for thassurance of the Countisse of Warwickes Joynto'.

34. An Acte for thassurance of the Ladye Cobhams Joynter.

25. An Acte for thassurance of the Ladye Staffordes Joynter.

26. An Acte to make John Stafforde free Denizon, beinge borne beyonde the Sea.

27. An Acte to alter the nature of Gavell kynde in the Landes of Thomas Browne Esquier.

28. An Acte for the Towne Clarke of Yorke.

39. An Acte for the pavinge of Kentishe Streate in Sowthewarke.

XXII.—30. An Acte for makinge of Sake within the Quenes Ma*1* Domynyons.

31. An Acte for kepinge a Markett uppon Thursdaies att Batell in the Countie of Sussex.

XVII. -----An Acte for Confirmac&n of a Subsedie graunted by the Clergye.

XVIII. -----An Acte of a Fiftenth and Tenthe graunted by the Temporaltye.

XIX.-----An Acte of the Quenes Ma'f free and geSall Pardon.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte declaringe the manner of makinge and consecratinge of the Archbushopes and Busshops of this Realme

to be good lawful and parfecte.

Doubts respecting the Consecration of Bishops, &c.

SpiritualSupremacy of K. Henry VIII. acknowledged;

aj H. VIII. c. 20. as to Consecration of Bishops

Succession of K. Edward VI. to the Supremacy j

Form of Consecration, in the Common Prayer Book, sanctioned by St. J.6E.VI. c. 1.

Repeal of recited Acts,&c. byStatute 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 8.

Revival of the SpiritualSupremacy 8tc of the Crown, by St. 1 Eliz. c. 1.

FORASMUCHE as dyvers questions, by overmuche boldnes of Speache and Talke amonges many of the common sorte of people being unlearned, have lately growen uppon the making and consecrating of Archbyshops and Byshops w^n this Realme, whether the same were and be duely and orderly done according to the Lawe or not, w4 is muche tending to the slaunder of all the State of the Cleargie, being one of the gretest States of this Realme; Therfore for the avoydyng of suche slaunderous Speache, and to the intent that everie man that is willyng to know the trueth, maye playnely understande that the same evill Speache and Talke is not grounded uppon anye just Matter or Cause; It is thought convenyent hereby partly to touche suche aucthorities as dothe allowe and approve the making and consecrating of the same Archbyshops and Bishops to be dulye and orderly done according to the Lawes of this Realme, and theruppon further to provide for the more suretie thereof as hereafter shalbe expressed: Fyrst, It is verye well knowen to all Degrees of thys Realme that the late Kyng of moost famous memorye Kyng Henry the Eight, as well by all the Cleargie then of this Realme in their severall Convocacions, as also by all the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and Commons assembled in dyvers-of his Parliamentes, was justly and rightfully recognized and knowledged to have the supreame Power Jurisdkc&n Order Rule and Aucthoritie over all the State Ecdesiasticall of the same, and the same Power Jurisdiccbn and Aucthoritye dyd use accordingly; And that also the sayd late Kyng in the xxv" yere of his Raigne, dyd by aucthoritye of Parliament amonges other things set foorth a certayne Order of the maner and fourtne howe Archbyshops and Byshops w^in this Realme and other his Dominyons shoulde be elected and made; as by the same more playnly appeareth : And that also the late Kyng of worthy memorye Kyng Edward the Sixt, did lawfully succeade the sayd late Kyng Henry his father in the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, and dyd justly possesse and enjoye all the same Power Jurisdyction and Aucthoritie before mencioned as a thing to hym dyscended w* the same Imperiall Crowne, and so used the same during his lyfe: And that also the sayd late Kyng Edward the Syxt in his tyme by aucthoritye of Parliament, caused a godly and vertuous Booke intituled, The Booke of Common Prayer and Adminvstration of Sacramentes and other Rightes and Ceremonyes in the Churche of England, to be made and set fourthe ; not only for one uniforme Order of Service Common Prayer and the Adminystration of Sacramentes to be used w^in all this Realme and other hys Dominyons, but also dyd adde and put to the same Booke a verye good and godly Order of the maner and fourme, howe Archbyshops Byshops Preistf Deacons and Minysters shoulde from tyme to tyme be consecrated made and ordered w^in thys Realme and other his Dominyons, as by the same more playnly may and will appeare : And although in the tyme of the late Queene Marye, aswell the sayd Acte and Statute made in the xxv" yere of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng Henry the Eight, as also the severall Actes and Statutes made in the second thyrd fourthe fifthe and sixth yeres of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng Edward, for the aucthorising and allowing of the sayd Booke of Common Prayer and other the Premysses, amonges dyvers other Actes and Statutes touching the sayd supreme Aucthoritie, were repelled; Yet neverthelesse at the Parliament holden at Westmynster in the first yere of the Raigne of our Sovaigne Lady the Queenes Mau* that nowe is, by one other Acte and Statute there made, all suche Jurisdictions Privileges Superiorities and Prehemynences Spirytuall and Ecclesiastical!, as by anye Spirituall or Ecclesiastical! Power or Aucthoritie hath heretofore ben or maye be lawfully used over the Ecdesiasticall Estate of this Realme, and the Order Reformadon and Correccion of the same, is fully and absolutely by the aucthoritye of the same Parliament united and annexed to the Imperiall Crowne of thys Realme : And by the same Acte and Statute there is also geven to the Quenes Highnesse her Heyres and Successors Kynges or Queenes of this Realme, full Power and Aucthoritie by Letters Pattens under the Great Seale of Englande, from tyme to tyme

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 1

485

to assigne name and aucthorise suche person or persons as she or they shall think meete and convenient to exfcrdse use occupie and execute under her Highnes, all maner of Jurisdictions Privileges Preheminences and Aucthorityes in anye wise touching or concemyng anye Spyrituall or Ecclesiasticall Power or Jurisdiction wlhin this Realme or anye other her Highnes Dominyons or Countreys: And also by the same Acte and Statute, the sayd Acte made in the xxv11 yere of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng Henry the Eight, for the order and fourme of the electing and making of the sayd Archbyshops and Byshops, together w"1 dyvers other Statutes touching the Jurisdiction over the State Ecclesiasticall, is revived and made in full Force and Effecf; as by the same Acte and Statute more plainely appeareth

And that also by another Acte and Statute made in the sayd Parliament in the first yere of the Raigne of our sayd St. Eliz. c.s. Sov’aigne Lady, entituled An Acte for the uniformitye of Common Prayer and Service in the Churche and Adminystracion Commoi'-ftiyer-of Sacramentes, the sayd Booke of Common Prayer and the Adminystracion of Sacramentes and other the sayd Orders Book, Rite*, and Rites and Ceremonyes before mendoned and all thinges therein conteined, w,h certaine addicions therein newly added ™ nie*’ C' and appointed by the sayd Statute, is fully stablyshed and authorised to be used in all places w,kin this Realme and all other the Queenes Mau" Dominyons and Countreys; as by the same Acte amonges other things more plainly appeareth: Whereuppon our sayd SoPaigne Ladie the Queenes moost Excellent Ma"% being moost justly and lawfully invested in the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme w'" all Aucthorityes Preheminences and Dignities therunto appertainyng,

And therby having in her Ma"" Order and Dysposicion all the sayd Jurisdictions Power and Aucthorityes over the Election and State Ecclesiasticall and Temporall, aswell in causes Ecclesiasticall as Temporall w^in this Realme and other her g^hopIlccorSn ly

Ma"" Dominyons and Countreys, hath by her supine Aucthoritie at dyvers tymes sythens the beginnyng of her under the Queen'*

Ma'1" Raygne, caused dyvers and sundry grave and well learned Men to be duly elected made and consecrated Au,horit7» Archbishops and Byshops of dyvers Archbishopprickes and Byshoppryckes, w^in this Realme and other her Ma""

Dominyons and Countreys, according to suche Order and Forme, and w*" suche Ceremonyes in and aboute their

Consecracions as were allowed and set foorth by the sayd Actes Statutes and Orders annexed to the sayd Booke of

Common Prayer before mencyoned: And further for the avoidyng of all Ambiguityes and Questions that might be andDi«pen»*tionby

objected against the lawfull Confirmac&ns Investing and Consecrations of the sayd Archbishops and Byshops, her 0£c

Highnesse, in her Letters Pattens under the Great Seale of England directed to anye Archbyshop Byshop or others

for the confirmyng investing and consecrating of anye parson elected to the Office or Dignitie of any Archbyshop

or Byshop, hath not onely used suche Woordes and Sentences as were accustomed to be used by the sayd late Kyng

Henry and Kyng Edward, her Ma"" Father and Brother in their lyke Letters Pattens made for suche Causes j but

also hath used and put in her Ma"" sayd Letters Pattens, dyvers other geSall Woordes and Sentences whereby her

Highnesse, by her supme Power and Aucthoritye, hath dyspenced w,h all Causes or Doubles of anye Impfeccyon or

Dysabilitye that cane or maye in any wise be objected against the same; as by her Ma'" sayd Letters Pattens

remayning of Recorde more plainly will appeare: So that to all those that will well consyder of the Effecte and true

Intent of the sayd Lawes and Statutes, and of the supme and absolute Aucthoritye of the Queenes Highnes, and

wch she by her Ma'f sayd Letters Pattens hath used and put in ure in and aboute the makyng and consecrating

of the sayd Archbyshops and Byshops, It is and maye be verie evident and apparaunt that no Cause of Scruple

Ambiguitie or Doubte cane or maye justly be objected against the sayd Elections Confirmacions or Consecracions, or

anye other materiall thing meete to be had or used in or aboute the same; but that every thing requisyte and

materiall for that purpose hath bin made and done as precisely and w" as great a care and diligence or rather

more as ever the lyke was doone before her Ma"" tyme; as by the Recordes of her Ma"" sayd Father and Brothers

tyme and also of her owne tyme, wyll more plainlye testifye and declare: Wherefore for the playne declaracion St-^ Elm*

of all the Premysses, and to the entent that the same maye the better be knowen to everye of the Queenes Ma""

Subjects, whereby suche evyll Speache as heretofore hath bin used against the sayd high State of Prelacye maye

hereafter cease; Bee it nowe declared and enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That the sayd Acte

and Statute made in the fyrst yere of the Raigne of our said SoPaigne Ladie the Queenes Ma*1*, whereby the sayd

Booke of Common Prayer and the Admynystracion of Sacramentes w"* other Rites and Ceremonyes is authorised

and allowed to be used, shall stand and remayne good and parfecte to all Respectes and Purposes: And that Form of

suche Order and Fourme for the consecrating of Archbyshops and Byshops, and for the making of Preistes Deacons and ^firmed!0*

Minysters, as was set foorthe in the tyme of the sayd late Kyng Edward the Syxte and added to the sayd Booke *u^ri*d kf St-

of Common Prayer and aucthorised by Parliament in the fyfth and syxth yere of the sayd late Kyng, shall stande 5

and be in full Force and Effect, and shall from hensforth be used and observed in all Places wu,in this Realme and

other the Queenes Ma"" Dominyons and Countreys; And that all Actes and Thinges heretofore had made or done AM Cowecrmtioa*

by anye parson or parsons in or aboute anye Consecration Confirmacion or investing of any parson or parsons Rrign confirnled!'*

elected to the Office or Dygnitye of any Archbyshop or Byshop, w^in thys Realme or w’Nn anye other

the Queenes Ma"" Dominyons or Countreys, by vertue of the Queenes Ma"" Letters Pattens or Comyssion

sythens the begynnyng of her Ma"" Raigne, be and shalbe by aucthoritye of this present Parliament declared

judged and deemed at and from everye of the severall tymes of the doing therof good and parfect to all

respectes and purposes; Anye Matter or Thing that cane or maye be objected to the contrarie therof in anye wise

notwithstanding: And that all parsons that have byn or shalbe made ordered or consecrated Archbyshops Byshops All Bishop*,

Preistes Minysters of Gods Holy Woorde and Sacramentf or Deacons, after the Fourme and Order prescrybed in the

sayd Order and Fourme howe Archbyshops Byshops Preistes Deacons and Minysters shoulde be consecrated made

and ordered, be in very Deede and also by aucthoritie hereof declared and enacted to be and shalbe Archbishops

Byshops Preistes Minysters and Deacons, and rightly made ordered and consecrated; Anye Statute Lawe Cannon or

other Thing to the contrary notw^standing.

6 H

None shall be questioned, under Certificate of such Bishop, jjtc. as to Oath of Supremacy under i Eliz. c. I. and all Tenders of such Oath declared void.

Provided alwayes and neverthelesse be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd. That no parson or parsons shall at anye tyme hereafter be impeched or molested in Body Landes Livingf or Goodes, by occasion or meane of anye Certificat by any Archbishopp or Byshop heretofore made, or before the last daye of this present Session of Parlyament to be made, by vertueof anye Acte made in the fyrst Session of this present Parliament, touching or concemyng the Refusall of the Othe declared and set foorthe by Acte of Parliament in the first yere of the Raigne of oure sayd SoPaigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth; Any Thing in thys Acte or anye other Acte or Statute hertofore made to the contrarye notwithstanding: And that all Tenders of the sayd Othe made by anye Archbishop or Byshop aforesayd, or before the last daye of this p'sent Session to be made by aucthoritie of anye Acte establyshed in the first Session of this present Parlyament, and all Refusalls of the same Othe so tendred, or before the last daye of this present Session to be tendred, by anye Archebyshop or Byshop, by aucthoritie of anye Acte establyshed in the fyrst Session of this present Parliament, shalbe voyde and of none Effect or Validitie in the Lawe.

Vexations by Personal Actions, brought and discontinued

Costs given to Defendants in the King's Bench, on Delay, Discontinuance, or Nonsuit of the Plaintiff.

II.

Costs given to Defendants in the Marshalsea Court, and Courts of the City of London, or other Corporations, in like Cases.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte whereby the Defendant maye recover his Costes beinge wrongfully vexed.

WHERE dyvers parsons, of their malicious Mindes and w"*out any just Cause, do many tymes cause and procure others of the Quenes Mau" loving Subjectes to be very muche molested and troubled by Attachementes and Arrestf made of their Bodyes, aswell by Processe of Latitat alias and plures Capias sued out of the Courte comonly called the Kings Benche, as also by Playnt Byll or other Suite in the Courte comonly called the Marshalsey, and w^in the Citye of London, and other Cities Townes Corporate and Places where any Libertie or Privilege is to holde Pleas of Debt Trespasse and other personall Actions and Suites; And when the Parteis that be arrested or attached are brought foorthe to aunswere to suche Actions and Suites as shoulde be objected against them, then rnanye tymes there is no Declaracion or Matter layed against the Parteis so arrested or attached, whereunto they maye make any Aunswere ; and so the Partie arrested is verie maliciously put to great Charges and Expences w^out any just or reasonable Cause; And yet neverthelesse hitherto by order of the Lawe the Partie so greyed and vexed coulde never have any Coostes or Damages to hym to be judged or awarded for the sayde Vexacion and Trouble: For Remedie wherof be it enacted and ordeined by the aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That when and as often as anye parson or parsons, after the first daye of January next comyng, shall sue foorth or by anye Meane cause or procure to be sued foorth of the sayd Courte comonly called the Kyngf Benche, any of the Wrytes or Processe before mencyoned against any parson or parsons wcU upon the same Wryte or Wrytes shall happen to be arrested, or wc" shall appeare uppon the Retoume of any of the sayd Wrytes or Processe, and shall put in his or their Baile or Bailes to aunswere suche Suite as shalbe objected against hym according to the common order of that Courte; that then in everye suche Case if the Partie or Parties, at whose Suite Meanes or Procurement the same Write Writes or Processe was obtayned or sued foorth, doo not w"*in three dayes next after suche Bayle had and taken, put into the same Court his or their Declaracion against the same Partie or Parties against whome suche Writes or Processe hath ben or shalbe sued, Or if after Declaracion had and put into the same Courte, the Plaintyfe in suche Case shall not prosecute the same w® Effect, but shall willingly and apparauntly to the same Courte suffer his or their sayd Suite to be delayed, or shall after Declaracion so had suffer the same Suite to be dyscontinewed, or otherwyse shalbe nonsuite in the same, that then in every suche Case the Judges of the sayd Court for the tyme being shall, by their dyscrecions from tyme to tyme as they shall see or parceyve any suche Default to be in the Partie or Parties at whose Suite Meanes or Procurement suche Writes or Processe was sued foorth, awarde and judge, to every suche parson and persons so arrested vexed molested or troubled by such Wrytes or Suite, his and their Costes Damages and Charges by any meanes susteyned, by occasion of any suche Writes Processe Arrestes or Suites taken sued or had against hym, to be payde by suche person or persons that so dothe or shall cause or procure anye such Writes or Processe to be sued foorthe as is aforesayd.

And bee it further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd. That if any person or persons shall after the sayd fyrst daye of Januarye, cause or procure anye other person or persons to be attached or arrested to aunswere to any Byll Playnt Action or Suite in the sayd Court of the Marshalsey, or in any Court w,hin the sayd Citie of London, or in any Citie Borough Towne Corporate or other Place or Places where any Libtie or Privyledge is used to holde Plea in any Action or Actions personall, and doe not in all Courtes having their Continewance de die in diem, w,hin three Dayes next after suche tyme as the Partie Defendaunt or Defendauntf shalbe bayled, or otherwyse appeare in Court, by force of any Arrest or Attachement had and retoumed, and in all other Courtes at the next Session or Court to be holden after such Arrestes or Attachmentf and Appearaunce of the Partie Defendaunt or Defendauntf, where as the sayd Partie Defendaunt or Defendants shalbe compelled or owght to appeare, unlesse a further daye shalbe especially geven by the dyscretion of the Court from whence any Precept Processe or Attachment shalbe awarded, put and exhibitt hys Byll or Declaracion against such parson or persons as so by his Suit and Meanes shalbe attached or arrested, into suche Court where the Partie by suche Attachement or Arrest is compelled or owght to appeare, or if any suche person or persons at whose Suite or Meanes any suche Attachement or Arrest of any person or persons shalbe so had and made after his Declaracion Bill or Playnte exhibited, do not from thensfoorth prosecute the same his Suite w® Effect, or -shall suffer the same to be discontinewed, or shall after be nonsuite in the same, or willingly and apparauntly to the same Courte shall for Vexation of the Defedant in suche Suite delaye the same Suite, that then in every suche Case

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 2, 3.

487

the Judge or Judges of every suche Court before whome any parson or persons shall so be sued molested or troubled by occasion or meane of anye suche Attachment or Arrest, or by suche Suite or Suites, shall foorthw'" by his or their Dyscrecion from tyme to tyme, as he or they shall see or parceyve any such Default or Delaye in the Partye that caused or procured any suche Attachement or Arrest to be had, awarde and judge to every suche person or persons, w* after the sayd fyrst daye of Januarie shall so be attached arrested molested vexed or troubled, his Costes Damages and Charges by any Meanes susteyned by Occasion of any suche Attachement Arrest or Suite so had and taken against hym, to be payde by suche person or persons that so doeth or shall cause or procure any suche Attachement or Arrest to be so had or made.

And if any person or persons at any time after the sayd fyrst daye of January shall by any waye or meane, maliciously or for vexacion and trouble, cause or procure anye other person or persons to be arrested or attached to aunswere in any the Courtes or Places aforesayd, at the Suite or in the Name of any person or persons where in deede there is no suche person or persons knowen, or w'"out the Assent Consent or Agreament of suche person or persons at whose Suite or in whose Name such Arrest or Attachement is or shalbe so had and procured. That then every suche parson and persons that so shall cause or procure any suche Arrest or Attachement of any

other person or persons to be had or made, for vexacion or trouble as is aforesayd, and shall thereof be

convicted or lawfully accused by Indictin' Presentment or by the testimonye of two sufficyent Wytnesses or mo or other due prooffe, shall for every suche Offence by hym or them comytted done or procured, have and suffer Imprisonment of hys or their Bodye or Bodyes by the space of syxe monethes w‘hout Bayle or Maynprise; And before he or they shalbe delyvered out of pryson, shall paye unto the partie or parties, so arrested or attached by his or their meanes or procurement, treble the Costes Charges Damages and Expences that he or they shalbe put unto by reason or occasion of suche Arrest or Attachement so had; and shall also forfayte and paye unto suche person or persons in whose Name or at whose Suite he or they shall so procure suche Arrest or Attachment to be had or made, if then there shalbe any suche person knowen, the soome of tenne pounds for everie suche Offence.

And bee it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd. That every person and persons to whom any Costes Charges Damages Forfayture or payment of any soome or soomes of Money by aucthoritie of this Acte shalbe awarded judged or forfayted, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter have hys or their remedie for the recoverye thereof by Accion of Debt Byll or Playnt in any Courte of Recorde against suche person or persons their Heires Executors or Adminystrato's, as shoulde or ought to paye the same by vertue or force of this Acte, in

w* Action Byll or Playnt no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed to any the

Defendaunt or Defendauntes in the same.

III.

Penalty on Perioni arresting other* in the Names of fictitious Plaintiffs, Stc. Six Months' Imprisonment and Treble Damages, Sic.

IV.

Parties may recorer all such Costs, See. by Action of Debt.

CHAPTER IIL An Acte againste carryinge over Sea Rames Lambes and other Shepe alyve.

FOR sundry good Causes and Consideracions mooved in thys Hygh Court of Parliament, Bee it enacted by the Aucthoritye of the same, That no maner of parson or persons of what Estate Degree or Condicion so ever he or they be, shall after the last daye of February next ensuyng, bryng delyver sende receyve or take, or procure to be brought delyvered sent or receved into any Shippe or Bothome, any Ranimes Sheepe or Lambes or any maner of other kynde of Sheepe being alyve to be caryed and conveyed oute of thys Realme of England Wales or Irelande or out of anny of the Queenes Highnes Dominyons, uppon the payne that every suche person and persons their Ayders Abetters Procurers and Coforters shall for hys or their first Offence or Offences so done contrary to the true meanyng of this Estatute, forfayte and lose all hys Goodes for ever; whereof the one moitie shalbe to the Queenes Ma!ie her Heyres and Successors, the other moitie to hym or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Recorde wherein no Essoigne Protection nor Wager of Lawe for the Defendaunt shalbe admytted or allowed: And further every suche Offender or Offenders shall suffer imprisonment by the space of one whole yere w^out Bayle and Maynepryse; and at the yeres ende shall in soome open Market Towne in the fulnesse of the Market on the Market Daye have his lefte hande cut of and that to be nayled up in the openest place of suche Market: And that everye person or persons eftsoones offending against this Statute shalbe adjudged a felon and shall suffer deathe as in cases of felonye.

Provyded allwayes, That this Acte shall not extende to any Corrupcion of Blood or be prejudiciall or hurtful! to any Woman claimyng Dowre by or from any suche Offender or Offenders; Any thing in thys Acte to the contrary notw^standing.

And bee it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That the Justices of Oyer and Termyner Justices of Gayle Deliverye and Justices of Peace in every Countie and Shire w"*in this Realme of England and Wales and other the Quenes Ma"" Dominyons, shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte, to enquire of every Offender and Offenders contrary to the Fourme and Effect of this Act, and to here and determyne every Offence and Offences comytted perpetrated and done contrary to the Fourme and Effect of the same, according to the course of the Lawes of this Realme.

Penalty on shipping live Sheep for Exportation; i st Offence, Forfeiture of Goods, One Year’s Imprisonment, and Loss of left Hand; ad Offence, Felony without Clergy.

II.

Not to work Corruption of Blood, Src.

III. Offences may be tried by Justices.

488

8° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1566.

Impudent Practices of Cutpurses, Sec.

Offendersconvicted, &c. of stealing

frieily from the 'ersons, shall not have Benefit of Clergy.

n.

Offenders convicted for clergyable Felonies, may be indicted, See. for any Offence, not clergyable, committed before such Conviction.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte to take awaye the benefitte of Clargye from certen feloniouse Offendors.

WHERE a certayne kynde of evill disposed persons comonly called Cutpurses or Pyckpurses, but in deede by the Lawes of this Lande very Eellons and Theeves, doo confeder togethers making among themselves as it were a Brotherhed or Fraternitie of an Arte or Mysterie, to lyve idellye by the secrete Spoyle of the good and true Subjectes of this Realme, and aswell at Sermons and Prechyngf of the Woorde of God, and in places and tyme of doing fvice and common Prayer in Churches Chappelles Closettes and Oratories, and not only there but also in the Princes Palace House, yea and presence, and at the Places and Courtes of Justice, and at the tymes of Mynystracion of the Lawes in the same, and in Fayres Markettf and other Assemblies of People, yea and at the tyme of doing of Execucion of suche as ben attaynted of anye Murder Felonye or other crimynall Cause ordeined chieflye for Terrour and Example of evill doers, do wthout respect or regarde of anye tyme place or person, or anye feare or dreade of God, or any Lawe or Punyshment, under the cloke of Honestie, by their owtwarde Apparell Countenance and Behaviour subdltie privilye craftelye and felonyously take the Goodes of dyvers good and honest Subjects from their persons by cutting and pycking their Purses and other felonious Slaightes and Devices, to the utter undoing and impoverishment of many: Bee it therefore enacted by the aucthorite of this present Parliament, That no person or persons wch hereafter shall happen to be indyted or appealed for fellonious takinge of any Money Goodes or Cattelies from the person of any other privylye w^out his Knowledge in anye place whatsoe9, and thereuppon founde gyltie by verdyte of Twelve Men, or shall confesse the same upon his or their Ariaignement, or will not aunswere directly to the same according to the Lawes of this Realme, or shall stande wilfully or of malyce or obstinately muet, or chalenge peremptorye above the number of Twentye, or shall be upon such Indytement or Appeale outlawed, shall from hensforthe be admytted to have the benefyte of his or their Cleargie, but utterly be excluded therof, and shall suffer Death in suche maner and fourme as they shoulde if they were no Clarkes.

And Where also as dyvers persons done [oftentymes1 ] corny t and doo dyvers and sundry detestable Murde's hey nous Robberies and Felonyes and other capitall Offences, for the w* Cleargie is not allowable by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, and after the same Offences so done, eyther flee out of the Countie or other partes of this Realme into the partes beyonde the Seas, or kepe themselves secrete in other places where they are not knowen for a greate tyme, and after happen to comytt soome other Felonye, for the wch they maye have their Cleargie, and being arraigned for the same have their Cleargie to them allowed, and thereupon comytted to the Custodye of the Ordinarye according to the Lawe and Custome of this Realme, the former Offence wherein Cleargie is not grauntable being not then knowen ; and so by that meanes cannot after be impeached for the sayd other horrible and great Offences by the Lawe and Customes of thys Realme, to the great encouraging of Offendours, using suche practyses of Foreknowlege and set Purpose for their dyscharge of the same : For Reformacion whereof bee it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd. That every person and persons wch shall hereafter upon his and their Arraignement for anye Felonye be admytted to the benefit of hys Cleargie by the Lawes of this Realme, and delyvered to the Ordinarie for the same, and shall make his due purgacion for the same Offence or Offences, whereupon he was so admytted to his Cleargie, and shall before the same Admyssion to his Cleargie have comytted any other suche Offence, whereupon Cleargie by the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme is not allowable, and not being thereof before indyted and acquyted convicted or attainted or pardoned, shall and maye be indyted or appealed for the same, and thereupon put to aunswere, and ordered and used in all Thinges according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme in such and lyke maner and forme as though uo such Admission of Cleargie had ben: Any Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for thabridgement of Appeales in Suites of Cyvill and Maryne Causes.

Definitive Sentence* on Appeal* in Civil and Marine Caute*, by Delegates thereto commiuioned, declared final.

FOR the avoidyng aswell of long and tedious Suites as also of great Charges and Expences in prosecuting of Civile and Marine Causes, by reason of dyvers Appeales permytted to bee made by order of the Lawes Civill in suche Causes, and to thintent that aswell Straungers as also others the Subjects of this Realme, that shall have Cause of Suite in those Matters, maye have suche Expedition in the same as their Natures and Qualities doe requyre: Bee it enacted by the Queenes Mati* our Sov’aigne Ladie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same. That from the last daye of this present Session of Parlyament, all and everie suche Judgment and Sentence diffinytyve as shalbe gevin or pronounced in anye Civile and Marine Cause upon Appeale lawfully to be made therein to the Queenes Ma"' in her Highnes Court of Chauncery, by suche Comyssioners or Delegates as shalbe nomynated and appointed by her Ma* her heyres or successours, by Comyssion under the Half Seale as it hath ben heretofore used in such Cases shall be finall, and no further Appeale to be had or made from the sayd Judgement or Sentence diffinytyve, or from the sayd Comyssioners or Delegates for or in the same; Any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 oft tymes 0.

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 6, 7.

489

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte touchinge Clothe Woorckers and Clothes redye wroughte to bee shipped over the Sea.

FOR the better Employment and Reliefe of greate multitudes of the Queenes Ma'1" Subjects using the Arte and Labour of Clothe woorking, It maye please the Queenes moost Excellent Ma* at the moost humble suite of her sayd Subjects that it bee enacted, and bee it enacted by the aucthoritye of thys present Parliament, That from hensfourth for everye nyne Clothes unwrought hereafter to be shypped or carryed into any the partes beyonde the Seas contrary to the fourme of any Statute heretofore made and nowe remayning in strength, by force of anye License hereafter to be graunted, the partie that shall shipp or carry over the same, shall shippe and carry over also one lyke woollyn Clothe of lyke sorte length bredthe and goodnes reddye wrowght and dressed, That is to saye, rowed barbed first coursed and shorne from the one ende to the other, so that everye tenthe Clothe passing over the Seas in forme aforesayd, maye and shall be dressed w,hin this Realme before the same shalbe shipped or transported over, uppon payne to forfayte for everie suche nyne Clothes so to be shipped or transported contrarye to the meanyng of this Acte, Tene poundes: Provided alwaye, That everye such tenth Clothe so to be transported reddy wrowght, shall not bee accompted anye of the Clothes permytted to be transported by force of suche Licence, but that suche person as shall have suche Licence maye transporte according to suche Licence, the full number of Clothes unwrowght mencyoned in the same Licence, over and above the number of suche tenth Clothes w*" they shall bee compelled to shyppe and carrye over by force of this Statute.

And bee it further enacted by aucthoritie aforesayd, That from the last daye of Februarye nowe next comyng, no person shall shyppe or carry into the partes beyonde the Seas contrary to the fourme of anye Statute heretofore made nowe remainyng in force, anye Clothe comonly called Kentyshe Clothe or Suffolke Clothe made or to be made in the Counties of Kent or Suffolke unwrowght and undressed w^in this Realme, That is to saye, Not rowed barbed first coursed and shorne, upon payne to forfayte for everye suche Clothe comonly called Kentyshe or Suffolke Clothe, made or to be made in eyther of the sayd Countyes so to be shipped or transported contrarye to the forme of thys Statute fourtie shillingf: And that no Licence for transporting of any Clothe or Clothes shalbe construed or expounded to extende to anye suche Kentyshe or Suffolke Clothe made or to be made in eyther of the sayd Countyes, to be from hensforthe transported: And that all the Forfaytures appointed by this Statute for transporting of Clothes, shalbe the one [ moitye1 ] to the Queenes Ma"* her Heyres and Successours, the other moitye to the Maister and Wardens of the sayd Companye of Clotheworkers to the Releife of the Poore of the said Company, to be recovered in anye Courte of Recorde by Action of Debt Bil Playnt or Informacion, wherein no Essoigne Protection nor Wager of Lawe for the Defendaunt shall bee admitted or allowed.

For every Nine Cloth* unwrought, exported by Licence, one Cloth of the like Sort, fully wrought, shall be exported in addition to the full Number of unwrought Cloth* •o licensed

Penalty j£io.

II.

Kentith Cloth* and Suffolk Cloth* unwrought shall not be exported under any Licence, on Pain of For* feiture thereof.

plication of feiturea.

CHAPTER VIL

An Acte touchinge Drapers Cottoners and Freesers in the Towne of Shrewisburye.

F1RASMUCHE as in the Towne of Shrewsbury in the Countie of Salop there hath ben tyme out of mynde of Man, Privilege* of the and yet is, a Companye Fratemitie or Guilde of the Arte and Mysterie of Drapers, w"1 sayd Copany Fraternitie ^"{^w«WyP*Iir or Guilde hath ben by a great tyme lawfully encorporated, and made a Bodie Politicke; which sayd Corporacion and infringed ^certain Fratemitye hath by reason of a certayne Trade and Occupacion of buyeng and selling of Welsh Clothe and Linyng, cioth":° comonly called Cottons Fryzes and Playnes w"1 they have had and used amongest them, ben able not onlye to lyve thereby, but also have at their common Costes provided Houses and other necessaries for poore People wlhin the sayd Towne of Shresburye, whome also w1*1 further Releife they doo weklye helpe and mayntaine; and by the same their Trade aforesayd have used moost comonlye to set on worke above syx hundreth persons of the Arte or Scyence of Shermen or Fryzers w^in the sayd Towne of Shresburye, whereby aswell they as their poore Wyves and Familyes are wholye mayntained and kept; To the Impeachement and Hinderaunce of w"1 sayd Trade dyvers Artifycers and other persons w^Sn the sayd Towne of Shresburye. not being of the sayd Companye or Mysterie nor browght upp in the use of the sayd Trade, have of late w"1 great Dysorder upon a meere covetous Desyre and Mynde intromitted w* and occupyed the sayd Trade of byeng of Welshe Clothe or Linyng, having no Knowledge Experience or Skyll in the same; by reason whereof the sayd ignorant and unskylfull persons have and doo bye comonlye and dailye suche Welshe Clothe and Linyng as is defectyve and not trulye made, according to the good Lawes and Statutes of this Realme in that Behalf provyded ; By meanes whereof the sayd Trade is greatly decayed and dyscredited, to the great Losse and Hinderaunce of suche poore Shermen and Fryzers as were woont to be sett on worke thereby, and of all others that were wont to be maynteined and releived by the sayd Trade, aswell in making as working of the sayd Fryzes Cottons and Playnes, and to the great deceipt damage and hinderaunce of all the Queenes Ma"" Subjects that bye and provide

• halfe 0.

6 I

t

490

8° Eliz. c. 7.

A.D. 1566.

Evasion of Stat.

4, s P. & M. c. 5. §6. as to Retailers of such Welsh Cloths;

None but Freemen of the said Company shall buy Welsh Cloths in Shrewsbury ; Penalty 6s. 8d. per Cloth.

IL

Buyers shall not be Manufacturers.

III. Proviso for existing Dealers.

IV.

Dealers shall pay Shearmen in ready Money, and not in Goods.

Penalty, Loss of Privilege, &c.

the same, and to the Slaunde' and Dyscredite of the sayd Comodityes in forren Partes, wher by the occasion aforesayd they are groen out of Estimacion and Credite; And where moreover in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the fourth and fyfthe yeres of the Raigne of our late Sov’aigne Lord and Ladie Kyng Phillip and Queene Mary, upon good and deliberate Advice, amongest other Things it was enacted, that no person nor persons w* shoulde bye to sell agayne by waye of Retayle or otherwise anye of the sayd Welshe Linyngf, shoulde dresse or worke or cause to be dressed and wrowght w,hin his or their Dwelling Howse or Howses, or in anye other Place by himself or hys Serv*nt, any of the said Welshe Linyngf, but shoulde put the same to soome such person or persons as shoulde bee of the Arte or Science of Shermen Cottoners or Fryzers, to be by them wrowght and dressed, upon payne of forfayture for every Welshe Clothe or Linyng fry zed or cottoned to the contrary Six Shillingf and Eight Pence, as in the same Acte doth appeare; Sythens w* tyme dyvers persons for the defrauding of the sayd Statute, have caused others to bye the sayd Fryzes Cottons and Playnes, and then to take the Workemanshypp therof unto themselves of suche Byers, using the lyke Fraude by buiing and tumyng worke over unto the same persons of whom they receyve worke, to the manifest defrauding of the good entent and meanyng of the sayd Statute: For remedy whereof and for the Benefite and Reliefe of the poore Men that be Shermen and Fryzers, bee it enacted by aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That from and after the feaste of Easter next ensuyng, no maner person or persons whatsoever inhabiting and dwelling w"4n the sayd Towne of Shrewsbury or the Liberties and Franchises of the same Towne, other then suche as have or shall have servyd as Apprentices in the sayd [Occupations’] and Science of Drapers, or be or shalbe free of the sayd Science or Mysterie, shall occupye use exercyse or frequent the sayd Trade Arte Misterie or Scyence of byeng of the sayd Welshe Clothe or Linyng Cottons Fryzes and Playnes, nor have any Factour or Doer for hym or them in the same, nor by any Colour Engyn or Fraude be any Occupyer of the sayd Fryses Cottons and Playnes, upon payne that every person and persons inhabiting as is aforesayd, and occupieng using or exercysing the said Trade Occupation or Scyence of byeng of Welshe Clothe and Linyng, and not authorised by this present Acte shall lose and forfayte for everie Peece of the same Clothes so bowght, Six shillingf eight Pence.

And over that bee it further enacted, That no person dwelling and inhabiting as is aforesayd, and using or occupyeng the said Trade of byeng of Fryzes Cottons or Playnes, shall use or exercise the Faculde of Fryzeng or Cottonyng, upon payne to incurre suche lyke Forfaytures for every Offence as is above mencioned; The Moitye of all w" paines and forfaytures above menyoned shalbe to our So9aigne Ladie the Queene, her Heyres and Successours, and the other Moide to suche person and persons as will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde by Acdon Bill or Playnt of Debt, wherein no Protection Essoigne Injunction or Wager of Lawe shalbe alowed or admitted.

Provided allwayes and be it further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That this psent Acte or any Thinge Sentence or Matter therein conteyned, shall not extend or be in any wise prejudiciall or hurtfull to anye suche person or persons as have heretofore used occupied or frequented the sayd Trade Arte Mysterie or Science of byeng and selling of Welshe Clothe and Linyngf aforesaid, but that everie suche person and persons w1* hath or have used the sayd Trade or Science as is aforesaid, shall and maye have and enjoye the like Benefite Comoditye and Advauntage aswell in byeng and selling the sayd Welshe Clothes and Linyngf as otherwyse, in as large free and ample maS and forme as if this Act had never ben made.

And Further to thintent the sayd poore Shermen Fryzers and Cottoners may be the better relieved and maynteined. Be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd. That all and everie person and persons occupyeng and using or w* hereafter at anye tyme shall occupie or use the sayd Trade Science or Arte of byeng and selling of Welshe Clothe and Linyngf aforesayd, and shall from the Feast of Easter next ensuyng, delyver any Welshe Clothe or Linyngf aforesayd, to be cottoned fryzed dressed or wrought to any Sherman Cottoner or Fryzer, shall deliver content and paye to the sayd Sherman Cottoner or Fryzer redye and presenr Money for all his sayd woorke, w‘hout any Colour Fraude or Engyne whatsoev1, and shall not deliver any Ware or other Thinge whatsoever in contentation or satisfaction of his sayd woorke, or any parte thereof, upon payne that ePy person offending in thys behalf shall foorthwlh lose all suche Liberties Freedomes and Privyleges w* he hathe or shall have as one of the sayd Companye Fratemitie or Goilde of the sayd Art and Mysterie of Drapers, and also shall for ever after be utterly dysabled and excluded to use occupie or enjoy by himself or by anye other for hym or to his use the said Trade Art Misterye or Science of byeng or selling of Welshe Clothes or Linyngf ; This ACte or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrarie in anye wyse notwithstanding.

1 Occupation 0.

8°Eliz. c. 8.

491

Recital of Sut.

32 H. VIII. c. 13. a* to Suture of Hone* to be uied in Foretts, Marahea, ftc.

AJ).\566.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Actb for the Repeale of a Braunche of a Statute made An° 33 H. 8. for the stature of Horses within the Isle of Ely and other places confyninge thereunto.

TTTHERE at a Parliament holden at Westmynster the xxxij* yere of the Raigne of the moost victorious Prince V V of famous memorie Kyng Henry the Eight, moost deare Father unto the Queenes Excellent Highnesse our SoPaigne Ladie that nowe is, amongest other Thinges it was ordeyned establyshed and enacted by the sayd late Kyng, w* thassent of the Lordes Spirytuall and Temporall and the Commons of the same Parliament assembled, for the increase and breede of greater and stronger Horses from thence after to be had w*in this Realme of England, That no Comoner or Comoners w,bin any Forest Chase More Marishe Heathe Comon or Wast Grounde, nor any Officer or Officers of or w^n any of the sayd Forestes or Chases, nor any other person or persons whatsoever he or they be, at any tyme after the last daye of Marche, w1* shoulde be in the yere of our Lord God a thousand fyve hundreth fourtie and three then next following the Session of the same, shoulde have or put to Pasture into or upon any suche Ground Forest Chace More Marishe Heathe Comon or Wast Ground any Stoned Horse or Horses being above the age of Two yeres, and not being of the altitude and height of Fyfteene Handfull, to be measured from the lowest parte of the Hoofe unto the hygher parte of the Wyther, and everie Handfull to contaygne sower inches of the Standerde, to pasture feede or to be noryshed in or upon anye of the sayd Forestes Chaces Comons Mores Marishes Heathes or Waste Groundes w^n anye of the Shires and Territories of Norffolke Suffolke Cambridge Buckingham Huntington Essex Kent Southampton Northwilshyrc Oxford Bark Worcester Gloucester SoiSsett Northwales Southwales Bedforde Warwyke Northampton Yorkeshire Cheshire Stafforde the Countie of the Citie of York the Towne and Libertyes of Gloucester, the Countie of the Towne of Kyngston upon Hull, the Countie Palantine of Lancaster, the Countie of Sallop Leycester Hereforde and Lyncolne, or w"*in anye of them, nor shall put to feade or pasture any stoned Horse or Horses being above the sayd age of Two yeres, and not being in Height of xiiij"* Handfull, to be measured as is abovesayd, w^n or upon any lyke Grounde or Groundes as ben above wrytten, lyeng or being w,kin any other Shire of this Realme, neyther yet any of them, upon payne of forfayture and losse of the said Horse or Horses wch shoulde be founde in or upon any suche Grounde Forest Chaese More Marishe Heath Comon or Waste Grounde at any tyme after the said last daye of Marche wch was in the yere of our Lord God a thousand fyve hundreth fourtye and three, contrarie to the fourme of the sayd late Estatute, and further as by the sayd Estatute more fully and at large maye appeare : By reason whereof and since w0" tyme dyvers and sundry great and manyfold Hurtes Hinderaunces and Losses hath happened and chaunced aswell to the Inhabitauntf of the Mores Marvshes and Fenne Groundes w^in the Isle of Ely, scituate lyeng and being in the sayd Countie of Cambridge as also to the Inhabitauntf of other the Mores Marishes and Fenne Groundes the said Shire, together w'h the Counties of Huntington Northampton Lincolne Norffolke and Suffolke next adjoinyng and bordering upon the same Isle, for that the said Mores Maryshes and Fenne Groundes, because of their rottennesse unfirmes moysture and wateryshnes, were never able ne yet are to breede beare or bringe foorthe suche greate breede of stoned Horses of suche bignesse and heigh Stature as w*hin thaforesayd Statute are expressed, w^out daunger and peryll of the mireyng drowning and perishing of the same; whereupon manye Promoters taking occasion by reason of thaforesayd Estatute have aswell entred into the sayd Isle as also other the Mores Marishes and Fenne Groundes in all the Coontry next bordering and joinyng unto the same, and taken awaye by vertue and purvey of the sayde Estatute from dyvers poore Men not being able otherwise to remedie the same, their Horse not being comparable of lyke stature to the said Estatute, aswell to the great Losse and Hinderaunce of all the breede of Horses there, no Man daring to put any such foorthe on the sayd Groundes for feare of suche persons, as also to the utter Subvercion and Decaye of all the Tyllage and Cariage w^in the sayd Isle and others the Coontryes rounde about the same in tyme to coome: For Reformacion and Redresse whereof bee it enacted by the Queene our Sov'aigne Ladie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons of this present Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same.

That as muche of thaforesayd Estatute made in the sayd xxxij’1 yere of Kyng Henry the Eight, or yet any Parte Braunche or Article, or any parcell thereof, towching or concerning any the Maryshes and Seggie Fenne Groundes w,hin the sayd Isle, scituate lyeng and being in the sayd Countie of Cambridge, togethers w"" all others the Maryshes and Seggie Fenne Groundes wthin the said Shyres of Cambridge Huntington Northampton Lincolne Norffolke and Suffolke, shall bee from hensfoorth utterly repealed frustrate voyde and of none effccte in the Lawe; Any Thing in the sayd former Act expressed to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Neverthelesse be it ordeined and enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That no person or persons suture ofHomea whatsoever he or they be at any tyme after the last daye of Marche next comyng, shall have or put to pastoure into or in all such Marabe upon any Marishe or Seggie Fenne Grounde w^in the said Isle of Ely, or into or upon any Marishe or Seggie Fenne Groundes w^n the sayd Countyes of Cambridge Huntington Northampton Lincolne Norffolke and Suffolke, or any of them, any Stoned Horse or Horses being above thage of Two yeres, and not being of the Altitude and Height of xhj"

Handfull, to be measured from the lowest parte of the Hoofe of the Foorefoote, unto the hygher parte of the Wither, and everie Handfull to containe sower inches of the Standerd, to pasture feede or to be nourished in or upon any the sayd Marishes or Seggie Fenne Groundes w^in the sayd Isle, and w^in the sayd Counties of Cambridge Huntington Northampton Lincolne Norffolke and Suffolke, or any of them, upon suche and the like payne as by the sayd former Acte is limytted and expressed.

Inconvenience thereof in the Iile of Ely, and Countiei of Cambridge, Huntingdon, tee.

Recited Act repealed, at to all Manbe* in the said Counties.

492

8° Eliz. c. 9.

A.D. 1566.

Recital of Stat.

IS H.VIII. c.4. i 1. at to Prices of Barrels, Stc. for Ale and Beer;

Increase of Price of Boards for such Barrels, See.

Recited Provision repealed.

Prices of Barrels, &c. shall be set by Mayors, &c. or Justices of Peace.

II.

Penalty on Coopers not selling Barrels at Prices so set;

3s. 4d. each.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte to repeale a Braunche of a Statute made An® 33 H. 8. touchinge the prices of Barrellf

and Kylderkyns.

IN their moost humble wise shewen unto the Queenes moost Excellent Ma* and unto the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and unto the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, the Cowpers of the Citye of London, and of all other Cityes and Townes w*in this Realme of England; That where in the Parliament holden by prorogation at Westmynster the xv,h daye of Januarie in the xxiij°" yere of the Raigne of the late Kyng of famous memorie King Henry the Eight, Father to our sayd SoPaigne Ladie the Queenes Highnes that nowe is, there was one Statute made and enacted, entituled, An Acte that no Brewers of Beere or Ale shall make their Barrels Kilderkyns nor Firkyns w"4n them, and howe muche the same Barrels Kylderkyns and Fyrkins shall contayne; In w*1 Statute amongest other thinges therein conteined, it is enacted, That no Artificer of the Cowpers shall inhaunce the pryces of any suche Barrels Kylderkins Firkins or other Vessells (') in the sale of them to any Ale Brewer or Beere Brewer or other person [as in the sayd Acte are mencyoned,1 ] but shoulde kepe the Rates of suche pryces as in the same Acte are expressed and not above, upon payne to forfayte for everie Barrell Kilderkyn and Ferkyn defectyve or enhaunced in pryce in any pointe contrary to the sayd Acte three shillingf and sower pence. That is to saye. For everie Beere Barrell nyne pence, for every Beere Kilderkyn five pence, and for e9y Beere Firkyn three pence ; and the Ale Barrell syxtene pence, the Ale Kilderkyn nyne pence, and the Ale Fyrkin fyve pence, as by the same Acte amongest divers other things therein conteyned more fully and at large doth and maye appeare: Since wch tyme the [Cloveborde3] and Stuff whereof the sayd Vessells and the Hoopes thereof shoulde be made, are rysen and growen to suche excessyve pryces, that suche as doo make the sayd Vessells cannot make and sell any suche Barrells Kylderkins Firkyns or other Vessells at the pryces expressed in the sayd Estatute, but to their great losse and hinderaunce, whereby the Mysterie Trade and Facultye of the sayd Cowpers is utterlye overthrowen, to the impoveryshment and utter undoing of them theyr Wyves Children and Famylies as is moost evident; Forasmuch as at the tyme of the making of the sayd Estatute the Cowpers might have bowght a thowsand of Barrell Boordes for twelve shillingf or thurteene shillingf sower pence, and a thowsand of Kild'kin Boordes for nyne shillingf or tenne shillingf, and a loode of Hoopes for nyne shillingf or tenne shillingf; And nowe a thowsand of Barrell Boorde cannot be bowght under thurtie three shillingf fouer pence and fourde shillingf, and a thowsande of Kylderkin Boordes under twende six shillingf eight pence, and a loade of Hoopes under thurty three shillingf sower pence and sortie shillingf, as is right well and notoriously knowen : Be it therfore enacted by the Queenes moost Excellent MaUe the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by thaucthoride of the same.

That as muche of ev'y Article Clause and Sentence comprysed in the sayd Estatute made in the sayd xxiij*

yere of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng, as doth touche or concerne the pryces of Barrells Kylderkins Fyrkins and other Vessells, and all and ev*y payne and forfayture expressed and declared in the sayd Acte for selling of any of the said kinde of Vessells above the pryces before specyfied from the tyme of newe prices to be set in fourme heereafter expressed for suche places onlye as the same newe prices shalbe set, shalbe clearely repealed frustrate and made voyde: And that from hensfoorth the prices of all Barrells Kylderkins Fyrkins and other Vessells to bee solde for Ale Beere or Sope to be uttered therein, shalbe rated and taxed by Mayres Bailyfff and other Head Officer or Officers of everie Citye and Towne Corporate where any suche Vessells shalbe made or offered to be solde; And where suche Vessells shalbe made or solde out of any Citie Borough or Towne Corporate, the pryces thereof shalbe rated and taxed by the Justices of the Peace or the more parte of them being present in the Generali or Quarter Sessions yerlye next after Easter at such reasonable pryces as they shall thinke reasonable by their dyscrecions; The sayd Estatute made in the sayd xxiij"1 yere of the Raigne of the sayd late King Henrie the Eight or any other La we Custome or Usage to the contrary thereof in anye wyse notw^standing.

And bee it further enacted, That if the sayd Cowpers, or any of them, shall not rtiake Sale acco'ding to suche Pryces

as shalbe rated as ys aforesayd, after ProclamacSn therof made, that then every person and persons so offending shall for the same incurre the Paynes and Forfaytures mencioned in the sayd Statute made the sayd xxiij* yere of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng, That ys to wyt; for ev*y Barrell Kylderkin and Fyrkin w0* shalbe sold at greater Pryce then shalbe rated and taxed as is aforesaid the some of Three Shillingf Fower pence of lawfull Money of Englande, whereof the One Moitye to be to the Quenes Highnes, her Heyres and Successours, and the other Moitye to suche person [and4 ] persons as will sue for the same by Action of Dett in any Courte of Recorde, wherein no Protecc6n Essoigne or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed or admytted.

1 as in the sayde Acte are men coned 0. * 0. omits. 5 Clowbourde O. 4 or O.

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 10.

493

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for Bowyers and the pryces of Bowes.

MOOST humbly complainyng sheweth unto yo' Highnes and to yo' High Courte of Parlyament, yo' obedient Subjectes the Bowyers dwelling and inhabityng wuin the Citie of London and the Suburbes of the same; That where in the Parlyament of the late Kyng of moost famous memorye Kyng Henry the Eight, begune and holden at Westmynster the xvj"1 daye of January in the xxxiij,h yere of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng, and there continewed untill the first daye of Aprill then next following, there was one Acte and Statute then made and provided intituled, An Acte for the Mayntenaunce of Artyllerie and debarring of unlawfull Games; in w* Acte and Statute araongest other Things there is one Braunche conteined and specyfied, the Tenour whereof is as heereafter followeth, That is to saye ; And to thintent that everie person maye have Bowes of meane pryce, bee it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, that everie Bowier dwelling out of the Citie of Londo shall after the Feast of the PuryficacSn of our Ladie then pext comyng, for everie Bowe that he maketh of Ewe, make three other Bowes meete to shote in of Elme Wichsasell Asshe and other Woodde apte for the same, under the payne to lose and forfaite for ePy suche Bowe so lackyng. Three Shillingf and Fower pence; And every Bowyer dwelling w^in the Citie and Suburbes of London shall after the sayd Feast of the Purifycacion of our Ladie then next comyng for everie Bowe of Ewe, make two other Bowes apt for shoting, of Asshe Elme Wychsasell or other Woodde meete for the same, under lyke Payne and Forfayture as by the sayd Estatute more playnlie it doth and maye appere; And althowgh the sayd Braunche of the sayde Statute bee needefull and expedient to remayne and continewe for such Bowyers as do dwell and inhabyte in the Countrey and other Places out of the Citie of London and the Suburbes of the same, Yet forasmuche as there be very fewe or no Bowes of Elme Wichhasell or Asshe or of any other Wood then onely of Ewe used or occupyed by any person wlhin the sayd Citye and Suburbes of the same, therefore the sayd Braunche of the sayd Acte and Statute before rehearsed was not ne is needefull to be had and made for the Bowyers dwelling w,hin the sayd Citie and Suburbes; And yet neverthelesse yor sayd Subjects for the avoidyng of the [Daungers'] and Penaltie conteyned in the sayd Braunche are daily enforced to make suche great number of Bowes of Elme Wychhasell and Asshe, that they cannot in convenient tyme utter and sell the same, but are constrayned to kepe suche Bowes by them so made, untill they be putrifyed and not meete for any good Use or Purpose ; By reason whereof muche of the sayd Wood of Elme Wichhasell and Asshe is daily wasted and consumed in making of the sayd Bowes, and yo' sayd Subjects by by suche Losses as they daily susteine in making suche Bowes greatly impoverished, and the Comonwealthe therby nothing advanced but rather hindered: And where also in the severall Statutes of the noble Kyng of famous memorie Kyng Edward the Fourthe, made in the xxijth yere of his Raygne, and in the thyrd yere of the Raigne of Kyng Henry the Seventh, Graundfather to our sayd SoPaigne Ladie the Queenes Ma‘", and in the sayd xxxiij"1 yere of the Raigne of our sayd late Sov^aigne Lord Kyng Henry the Eight, Father to our sayd SoPaigne Ladie, there is mencion made of the prices of Bowes, wch at those sev*all tymes was appointed to be but three shillingf sower pence and not above to sell the best; at wch sayd tymes suche Bowes might well have ben so solde to any person or persons according to the Rates and Prices expWd in the sayd sePall Actes, untill nowe wthin this twentie yeres the pryces of Bowestaves have diversly ben raysed and enhaunced from fyve poundes a hundreth to twelve pounds or thereaboutes ; For w* Causes the pryces conteyned in the sayd severall Statutes cannot be observed, and yet yo' Ma,k* sayd Subjects the Bowyers are presently in daunger of the sayd severall Statutes concemyng the pryces of Bowes, w'* they humbly beseche yo' Ma,k w,h thassent of yor Hygh Courte of Parliament maye be releassed unto them and the penalties appointed for the same: Bee it therefore enacted ordeined and establyshed by the Queenes Ma"' our SoPaignc Ladie w"1 thassent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same, That the sayd Estatutes of Kyng Edwarde the Fourthe and Kyng Henry the Seventh, concernyng the prices of Bowes, and all the braunches conteyned in the sayd Statute of Kyng Henry the Eight, so farre fourthe as the same extendeth to the prices of Bowes therein expressed only, from the first daye of this present Parliament and so for ever be thereby clearely repealed and made voide and frustrate to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes ; And also all and ePy Clause and Sentence of the said Statute of Kyng Henry the Eight before recited, tending to the making of Bowes of Elme Wichhasell Asshe and other Woode besydes Ewe before rehearsed or any penaltie therein conteined for any the sayd last rehersed Premisses from hensfourth for ever shall not be entended construed or taken to extende to any Bowyer nowe dwelling or inhabityng or w1* hereafter shall happen to dwell or inhabite w^in the Cityes of London and Westmynster or the Suburbes of any of them, or in the Borough of Southwarke in the Countie of Surrey; The said Statutes or any Thing in them or any of them conteined in any wyse to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That all and everie the sayd Bowyers w"in the sayd Cityes and Suburbes of London and Westmynster and Borowgh of Sowthwarke, shall from hensforte from tyme to tyme and at all tymes hereafter, provide and have in his or their Custodie the number of fiftie good and able Bowes of Elme Wichhasell or Asshe at the least, well and substancyally made and wrowght, upon payne that everie of the sayd Bowyers w1* by the space of twenry dayes shall not have in his Custody such number of the sayd Bowes of Wichhasell Elme or Asshe redye made and meete to be solde and used as aforesayd, shall hereafter for everie Bowe lacking of the number aforesayd, forfayte tenne shillingf, the one moitye of wth forfayture shalbe to oure sayd SoPaigne Ladie the Queenes Ma*, and the other moitye thereof shalbe to him or them using the Arte of an

Daunger 0.

6 K

Recital of Stat.

J3 H. VIII. c. 9. 3. at to making common Bom of Elm, &c.;

Inconvenience thereof in London.

Recital of State.

E. IV. c. 4.

3 H. VII. c. 13. 33H.VIII.c5.J4. limiting Prices of Bows; now become inconvenient:

The recited Provisions in the several Acts, as to Prices, and as to common Bows to be made in London, repealed.

II.

Bowyers in London shall keep a Stock of Fifty common Bows;

Penalty, 10s. per Bow wanting.

494

8° Eliz. c. 10,11.

A.D. 1566.

Armourer Fletcher or maker of Bowestringes that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Byll Playnt or otherwise in any Courte of Recorde, in w4 Action and Sute no Protection or Wager of Lawe shall in any wise be admitted or allowed for the Defendaunt.

Prices of Foreign Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That if any Bowyer after the fyrst daye of Maye and English Bows next comyng, do sell any Bowes meete for mens shoring, being outlandishe Ewe and of the best sorte, over and above the pryce of six shillingf eight pence, or do sell any Bowes meete for mens shoring, being of the seconde sorte, over and above the pryce of three shillingf sower pence, or shall sell any Bowes meete for men as is aforesayd being of the course sorte called Livery Bowes for and above the price of two shillingf a peece, or that shall after the sayd fyrst daye of Maye sell any Bowes being Englishe Ewe over and above the pryce of two shillingf the peece, That then the seller or sellers of suche Bowes shall forfayte for ev*y Bowe so solde over and above the pryce aforesayd, fortye shillingf, the one moitye thereof to the Queenes Ma* her Heires and Successours, and the other moitie to the parrie using the Art of an Armourer Fletcher or maker of Bowestrynges that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde, by Action of Debt Byll Playnt or otherwise, wherein no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Protection shalbe admitted or allowed ; Any thing in thys Acte or in any other Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. This Acte to continewe unrill the last daye of the fyrst Session of the next Parliament.

Uk of Felts and Hats prejudicial to Makers of Woollen Caps

None shall make Hats of Foreign Wool, not having been apprentice to Hat-making.

II.

Caps shall not be made of Felt or Woollen not knit; nor died black with Bark, Stc. nor fulled in a Mill, &c.

None under Degree of a Knight, &c. shall wear Cap or Hat of Velvet; Penalty, tos.

III. Masters and Wardens of Haberdashers in London, See. shall search and regulate Cappers and Hatters.

IV.

Proviso for existing Hatmakers.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for true makinge of Hattes and Cappes.

WHERE greate multytudes of the Queenes Ma,k* true Subjects using the Arte of makyng [of1] Wollen Caps, are impoverished and decayed by the excessyve use of Hattes and Feltes, and thereby dyvers good Cities and Townes browght to desolation, great plentie of straunge Comodyties w^out necessitie consumed, and greate number of people enforced to depende upon the having of foraine Woolles, to the discomoditie of this Realme the disfumyture of Service to be done to the Queenes Mau' and greater evident Daungers, if Remedy be not provided: It maye therefore please the Queenes moost Excellent Ma‘" at the lamentable Suite and Complaynt of her sayd poore Subjects that it be enacted by the aucthoritye of this present Pliament, That no person by hym or herself or by any other, shall after the Feast of the Nativity of S' John Baptist next comyng make or worke any Felte or Hatte of or w,h any forraine Wooll or Stuife, unlesse suche person shall fyrst have ben Apprentice or Covenaunt Servaunt to suche Mysterie of Felt or Hatte making by the space of sevin yeres at the least, upon payne to forfayte all suche Hattes or Feltes as he shall make or cause to be made whyle he woorketh contrary to the fourme of this Acte, and fyve poundes in money for everie moneth that he shall so continewe.

And bee it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That from the fyrst daye of Aprill next comyng, no person whatsoever shall make sell or cause to be made or solde, any Cappe or other thing of Felte, but onely Hattes ; nor shall make sell or cause to be made or solde any Cappe of any Wollen Cloth not knyt; And that no person after the said fyrst daye of Aprill shall die or cause to be dyed black, any Cappe w,h Barke or Swarfe, but only w*" Copperas and Gall or w,h [Wood and Madder : And (for the setting of many poore and impotent persons to woorke, and for the better making of Cappes,) That no person after the sayd first daye of Apryll shall thicke or full in any Myll, or cause to be thicked or fulled in any Myll, any Cappe untyll suche tyme as the same Cappe be first well scoured and closed upon the Banke and half thicked at the least in the Footestocke: And that no Man under the Degree of a Knight or of a Lordes soone, shall after the sayd fyrst daye of Aprill, weare any Hatte or upper Cappe of Velvet or covered w,h Velvet, on payne to forfayte for everie Hatte Cappe or other Thinge to be made dyed thycked fulled solde or wome contrary to the meanyng of this Acte Tenne shillingf, whereof the one moitye shalbe to the Queenes Ma,lc her heyres and successours, the other moitye to suche person then using the Feate of Capp making, as will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde, wherein no Essoigne Protection or Wag1 of Lawe for the Defendaunt shalbe admytted or allowed.

And for the better and truer making of Cappes and Hattes wlhin this Realme j Bee it enacted by the auctority aforesayd. That it shalbe lefull to the Maister and Wardens of the Company of Haberdasshers w,hin the Citie of London and to their Successours for the tyme being, calling to them one of the Companye of the Cappers, and another of the makers of Hattes as often as neede shall require, w"*in the sayd Citie or w^in three myles of the same, to searche all and all maner of Cappers and makers of Hattes and the Offendours and Defaultes by them founde to correct and punyshe by Fines and otherwyse as in lyke cases they doo other Offendours and Defautes w^in the sayd Companye; And that it shalbe lefull to all Mayors Baylieffes and other Head Officers in all other Cities and Townes Corporate to doo the lyke.

Provided allway and be it enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That every Hatmaker that is nowe a maker or worker of Hates and being a Housholder Apprentice Covenaunt fv*nt or Journeyman, shall or maye during suche persons naturall Lyfe, continewe making of Hattes and Feltes, albeit suche person were not bounden Apprentice to the same Arte for the space of sevin yeres.

1 O. omits.

* Woade 0.

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 11, 12.

495

And be it enacted, That no maker or wo'ker of Hattes shall take or receyve any App>ntices contrarie to the true meanyng of this Acte, That is to saye, Above two Apprentices at one tyme, nor those for any lesse tyme then sevin yeres at the least; on payne to suffer for every Apprentyce to be taken or receaved against the fourtne of this Acte, one monethes Imprisonment in the Comon Gaole w"‘out Bayle or Mayneprise, And that everie taking or receaving of Apprentice contrary to this Acte shalbe voyde; And also such person so taking or receaving shalbe fromthensforth dysabled to have any moo Apprentices then one at one tyme.

Provided allwaye, That nothing in this Acte shall extende to charge any person allowed to be a Feltmaker or Hatmaker w" any Payne or Forfayture for setting or using his or their owne Chyldren to the mak1 or working of Feltes or Hattes in his or their owne Howses.

Provided that this Acte shall not extende to anye making of Hattes w"' woorsted Yarne in the Citie of Norwitche.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for Thalnegers Fees in Lancasheire, and for lengthe bredthe and waighte of Cottons Frezees

and Rugges.

FORASMUCH as dyvers Clothyers inhabityng w,hin the Countie Palantine of Lancaster, seeking inordinatly their owne singuler Gaynes, have of late practized privilye to convey and carry awaye out of the sayd Countie, dyvers Cottons Fryzes and Rugges there made to be solde before suche tyme as the Queenes Aulneger of the sayd County hath fixed unto everie suche Cloth the Queenes Seale in that behalf appointed ; and soome tyme counterfayting and setting to suche their Clothes Seales of their owne, mynding thereby not only to defraude the sayde Aulneger of his accustomable Fees due to be payd to the Queenes Highnes use for the sealing of every suche Cloth Cotton Fryze or Rugge, but also to cover and hyde the untrue and deceiptfull making of many of the sayd Clothes, contrarie to the true meanyng of sundry good and wholsome Estatutes and Lawes heretofore made, aswell for the true making of the Clothes beforesayd, as also for the searching tryeng and sealing of the same, to the no lyttle Prejudyce and Damage of the sayd Aulneger who standeth charged w’" the payment of a great aiiuall Farme to the Queenes Ma* for the sayd Aulnege, in desceipt of her Highnes Subjects, and discredite of the Commoditie of the sayd Clothes: For Reformacyon whereof, be it enacted by our sayd Sov*aigne Ladie the Queene the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Pliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same. That no person or persons from and after the fyrst daye of Aprill next comyng, shall sell or put to sale w‘"in the sayd Countie, or conveye or carry or cause to be conveyed and caryed out of the sayd County of Lancaster, any kinde of Clothes Cottons Fryzes or Rugges hereafter to be made w,hin the said Countie Palantine of Lancaster to be solde before suche tyme that the owner or maker of everie suche Clothe Cotton Fryze or Rugge shall fixe and put to or cause to be fixed and put to everie suche Clothe Fryze Cotton or Rugge, one Seale of Leade having the Marke of everie suche Owner or Clothyer ingraved on the one side thereof, and the true length of everie suche Clothe Fryze Cotton or Rugge as it is founde being wette to be ingraved on the other syde of the sayd Seale: And also the Queenes Highnes Aulneger of the sayd Countie Palantyne for the tyme being, upon Tryall of the Wayght of everie suche Cotton Fryze & Rugge, shall fyxe and put or cause to be fixed and put to everie suche Cotton Fryze and Rugge, the Queenes Highnes Seale of Leade, having the Portecullies crowned, ingraved on the one syde thereof, and the true Wayght of every suche Cotton Fryze or Rugge to be ingraved on the other side of the same Seale; upon payne of Forfayture of all and e9y suche Clothes Cottons Fryzes and Rugges conveyed caryed sent solde and put to Sale, or to the intent to be solde being unsealed contrary to the meanyng of this p>sent Acte; The one moitye therof to be to the use of the Queenes Highnes her Hcires and Successours, and the other moitye thereof to suche person or persons that shall sease the same Clothe Cotton Fryze or Rugge or will sue for the same, to be recovered in any of the Queenes Highnes Courtes of Recorde by Byll Playnt Informac or otherwyse, wherein no Essoigne Proteccyon or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed for y‘ Defendaunt.

And bee it further enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That the sayd Aulneger after the said first daye of Aprill shall appoint and have his lawfull Deputie w,hin everie of the sev^all Townes of Manchester Rochedale Bolton Blackeborne and Bery in the sayd Countie, where the sayde Aulneger hath bene accustomed to have his Deputie heretofore, there to be reddie upon lawfull Request unto hym made, wUlout delaye, to waye every of the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Ruggf as shalbe browght unto everie suche Deputie, and sealed wtu the Seale of the Owner or Maker of everie of the same Clothes in forme beforesayd, and to fyxe and sett to every of the [same 'J Clothes Cottons Frizes and Rugges the Queenes Hyghnes Seale beforesayd, to be ingraved in maner and fourme before mencyoned; uppon payne of forfayture of Twenty shillingf for everie pack of Cottons Fryzes or Rugges sealed by the said Aulneger or any of his sayd Deputies, before the same be wayed in fourme beforesayd, the one moitye thereof to be to the use of the Quenes Hyghnes her heyres and successours, and the other moitye thereof to him or them that wyll sue for the same in any of the Queenes Ma"" Courtes of Recorde by Byll Playnte Informacyon Action of Debt, or otherwyse, wherin no Wager of Lawe Proteccion or Essoigne shalbe allowed.

1 sayde O.

V.

Hatmakers shall take only Two Apprentices.

VI.

Hatmakers may employ their own Children.

VII. Proviso for Norwich.

Frauds in sealing Lancashire Cioths;

None shall sell, &c. Cloths inLancashire, until sealed with the Seal of the Maker and the Aulnager;

Penalty, Forfeiture of the Cloths.

II.

Aulnager shall appoint Deputies in Manchester, &c. to weigh and seal Cloths;

Penalty on sealing Cloths unweighed, aos. per Pack.

496

8° Eliz. c. 12,13

A.D. 1566.

in.

Aulnager’i Feel.

IV.

Length and Weight of Cottons,

Frizes, and Rugs, instead of those required by former Acts.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That it shalbe lawfull for the sayd Aulneger or his Deputie to have and take of the Owner or Maker of everye of the sayd Clothes Cottons Fryzes or Rugges for the wayeng and sealing of every pack of the sayd Clothes Cottons Fryzes and Rugges, three pence; And for everie peece of suche coorse Clothes Cottons Fryzes and Rugges not amounting to a whole pack, on Halfepeny, and the same to be payde by the Owner or Brynger of the sayd Clothes at the wayeng and sealing of the same; Any Custome Use or Prescripcion to the contrary in any wyse notw'hstading.

And Forasmuche as suche persons as comonlye do use to utter and sell the sayd sePall kindes of Cottons Fryzes and Rugges have ben and are daily molested vexed and troubled to their great Losse and Hinderaunce by meanes of the Crueltye of Informers and Searchers seeking continually their owne pryvate Gayne by finding of the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Rugges at no tyme made according to suche fourme of Wayght Leangthes and Breadthes as by the former Statutes of this Realme lately made for the true making of Wollen Clothe is limytted and appointed; And for that the same persons do allege that the Makers of the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Rugges cane by no meanes be reduced to observe the sayd Wayghtes Lengthes and Breadthes in making of the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Rugges, according to the fourme of the sayd former Statutf, w'fout the utter undoing of great numbers of poore People that are comonly the Makers of suche kynde of Clothes, and that by meanes hereof, the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Rugges, sithens the makyng of the sayd Estatutes have ben and are more scarse and dearer then they were before the making of the said Estatutf and in nothyng at all amendyd in substaunce or forme of makyng: For Reformac&n whereof be it enacted, That from and after the fyrst daye of Aprill next comyng, every of the sayd Cottons being suffyciently mylled or thycked clene scowred well wrowght and fully dryed, shall waye xxjli pounde at the least, and shall contaigne in Length xxj'1 Goades or xx" Goades at the least, and in Breadth at the moost Three Quarters of the Yarde or w,hin one Nayle of Three Quarters of the Yarde at the least; And that everie of the sayd Fryzes or Rugges being thycked and fully dryed, shall waye xliij" Pounde at the least, and shall contayne in Length betwixt xxxv" Yardes and xxxvij* Yards, and shall contayne in Bredth at the moost Three Quarters of the Yarde or w,hin one Nayle of Three Quarters at the least, and not to be strayned upon the Taintours above one Nayle in Breadth ; And also if any of the said Cottons Fryzes or Rugges shalbe of any greater Leangth then is before sev'ally expressed, that then everie Goade or Yarde so exceding the sayd severall Lengthes, shall waye after suche Rate as every Goade or Yarde of suche Cottons Fryzes or Rugges contaynyng the sayd severall Lengthes shall or owght to waye, upon payne of forfayture for ev'y Goade or Yarde not wayeng after suche Rate Twelve Pence ; And also if any of the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Rugges shalbe of (') lesse wayght then is before sev'ally limytted and appointed, that then all and ev’y suche person or persons that shall so sell or offer to be solde any such Cotton Fryz or Rugge, shall forfayte for ev'y Pounde lacking under Three Poundes, Twelve Pence, and for ev'y Pounde waight lacking above Three Pound, Fyve Shilling^, the one Half of wch Forfaytures shalbe to our SoPaigne Ladie the Queenes Highnes, her Heires and Successours, and the other Half thereof to suche person or persons that shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Byll Playnt or Informacyon in any of the'Quenes Ma"" Courtes of Recorde, wherein no Essoigne Proteccyon or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed for the Defendaunt.

And further bee it enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd. That all and ev'y Braunche Clause Sentence and Artycle specyfied and contayned in any other Actes of Parliament before this tyme made, concerning the sealing and making of the sayd Cottons Fryzes and Rugges, shalbe from hensfoorthe utterly repealed voyde and of none effect; Any Thing in the sayd Actes conteined to the contrarye in any wyse notwithstanding.

Pro ’ f^Chart Provided allwayes, That this Acte shall not in any wyse extende to be prejudyciall or hurtfull unto anye Charter or of Corporations. Libertie of anye Borowgh or Corporate Towne w^in the sayd Countye Palantyne of Lancaster, concernyng the making

and putting to sale of any Wollen Clothe; Any Thing therein conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.

Former Acts repealed.

The Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand empowered to erect Beacons and Sea Marks, on the Shores, Forelands, &c. according to their Discretion, and to continue and renew the tame, at the Cost of the said Corporation.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte touchinge Sea markes and Maryners.

WHEREAS the Mayster Wardens and Assistauntes of the Trinytie Howse of Deptforde Stronde, being a Company of the chiefest and moost experte Maysters and Govemours of Shipps incorporat w,hn themselves charged wlh the conduction of the Quenes Ma"* Navye Royall, are bounde to foresee the good Encrease and Mayntenaunce of Shypps and of all kinde of Men traded and browght upp by Water Crafte moost meete for her Ma'1* Marine Service ; And Forasmuche as by the dystroyeng and taking awaye of certaine Steeples Woods and other Markes standing upon the mayne Shores adjoinyng to the Sea Costes of thys Realme of England and Wales, being as Beakons and Markes of auncyent tyme accustomed for seafaring Men to save and kepe them and the Shippes in their Charge from sundry Daungers thereto incident, divers Shyppes w,b their Goodes and Marchandizes in sailing from forrayne Partes towards this Realme of England and Wales, and specially to the Porte and Ryver of Thames, have by the lacke of suche Markes of late yeres ben myscaried peryshed and lost in the Sea, to the great Detryment and Hurte of the Cdmon Weale, and the perysheng of no smale number of People: For Remedy wherein to be had. Bee it enacted establyshed and ordayned by the Queenes moost excellent Ma'1*, by the Consentf of the Lordes Spirytuall and Temporall, and the

1 any O.

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 13, 14.

497

C5mons in thys present Pliament assembled, and by thaucthoritie of the same, That the foresayd Mayster Wardens and Assistauntes of the Trinytie Howse at Deptforde Stronde aforesayd, being a Company incorporated as before, shall and maye lawfully by vertue of this Acte from tyme to tyme hereafter at theyre Wylies and Pleasures, and at their Costes, make erecte and set up suche and so many Beakons Markes and Signes for the Sea, in suche Place or Places of the Sea Shores and Uplandes neere the Sea costes or Forelandes of the Sea, onely for Sea Markes, as to them shall seeme moost meete needefull and requisyte, whereby the Daungers maye be avoyded and escaped, and Shippes the better coome unto their Portes w'^out peryll; And that all suche Beakons Markes and Signes so to be by them or their Assignes erected made and set up at the Costes and Charges of the sayd Maister Wardens and Assistauntf, shall and maye be continued renued and mayntained from tyme to tyme at the Coostf and Charges of the sayd Maister Wardens and Assistauntes; Any Thing to the contrarie hereof notwithstanding.

And be it further (') enacted by the aucthority aforesayd. That no Steples Trees or other Thinges nowe standing as Beakons or Markes for the Sea, whereof to the Owner or Occupier of the Place (wheare the same dothe growe or stande before the first daye of Marche next comyng) notice shall be gevin by the Quenes Ma,k* Letters under her Signet, shall at any tyme hereafter be taken downe felled or otherwise cut downe; upon payne that everie pson by whose procurement or consent such Offence shalbe comytted, shall forfayte the soome of One Hundreth Poundes, whereof the one Moitye to the Queenes Ma"*, and the other Moitie to the Maister Wardens and Assistauntes of the sayd Trinitye Howse; And if the said pson or persons so offending be not of the Value of One Hundreth Poundes, then the same person and persons to be deemed convict of Outlarie ipso facto to all Constructions and Purposes.

And Further be it enacted by aucthoritie aforesayd, That all Marriners and Seafaring Men dwelling aboute the sayd Ryver of Thames, being thereto licensed by the sayd Mayster Wardens and Assistauntes and having sufficyent Certifycat of suche Licence from the sayd Maister and Wardens, aswell betwene their Voyages as at other tymes at their Willes and Pleasure by force hereof, the better to keepe and refrayne themselves from Folly Idlenes and lewde Company and for the Relief of them their Wyves and Children, shall and maye freely and quyetly exercise and rowe in their owne Whirries or any other Mens Whirryes by them to bee hyred, or wherein they shalbe hired to worke up and downe the sayd Ryver of Thames, to applye and folowe the ordinarye passing and carrieng of the Queenes Ma'1*’ People to and fro, as other Watermen comonly called Whirrimen of the same Ryver use and accustome to do, w"*out Impechement Hinderaunce or Lett to the contrary; And that such Seafaring Men shall not thereby be drawen under any other Govefment then under the sayd Maister Wardens and Assistauntes as they were before ; Any Acte Statute Provision Proclamacion Ordinaunce or Custome heretofore against the Premysses ordayned or made in anye wise notw^standing.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte touchinge transportinge of tawed Lether.

rORASMUCHE as in one Acte made in the first Session of this present Parliament, intituled An Act against the carrieng of Shepe Skynes and Peltes over the Sea, not being Staple Ware, there is conteyned one Braunche against the makyng of any Peltes by any person other then suche as are permytted to make the same by the sayd Statute, the Execution of wch Braunche hath ben put in suspence by reason that soome other Partes of the same Statute are supposed to be against the Entercourse of the Lowe Coontryes of the Kyng of Spayne; Bee it therefore declared and enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Pliament, That the sayd first Braunche of the sayd Statute being not against the sayd Entercourse shall from hensforthe be put in due Execucyon.

And forasmuche as great Multitudes of the Quenes Ma'" liege People have ben set on worke by converting of Sheepeskynnes and Lambe skynnes into tawed Leather and Parchement here w'bin this Realme, wrt by one other braunche of the sayd Statute is prohibited to be transported out of the Realme in Leather ; And where the convening of suche Skynnes into Leather and Parchment hath ben great Mayntenaunce of many Thowsandf of the Subjects of this Realme, and greater daily wyll be, to the great Benefyte of thys Realme, if the sayd first Braunche concerning making of Peltes be duely put in Execution, where otherwise yf the sayd Peltes shoulde be transported into other Realmes, the same wolde be an occasion of the impov'ishing of many of the naturall Englishe People of this Realme ; Bee it therefore enacted by aucthoritye of this present Parliament, That so muche of the sayd Statute as concemeth the transporting of tawed Leather to be made of Shypp skynnes and Lambe skynnes, shall from hensforthe as towching only the transporting of suche tawed Leather be repealed and voyde ; Any Thyng in the sayd Statute to the contrary notw^standing.

1 ordeyned and 0.

6 L

II.

Steeples, Trees, &c. being at present Beacons, &c. shall not be removed.

Pena'ty, .£100. or Outlawry.

III.

Mariners licensed by the Trinity House may be Watermen on the Thames.

5 Eliz. c.zz. § t. as to malting Pelts, confirmed.

II.

f 2. as to exporting tawed Leather of Sheeps and Lambs-Skins, repealed.

Go

498

8° Eliz. c. 15

A.D. 1566.

1

a4 H. VIII. c. io. 4 1. as to Crow-Net*, kc. revived.

Remainder of said Act repealed.

n.

Church warden*, kc. shall annually assets Farmers in certain Sums, to be applied in paying Rewards for Heads and Eggs of Crows, Rooks, Foxes, and other noxious Birds and Vermin.

Account of the Distribution of such Sums.

in.

Persons may enter Lands, &c. to kill Crows.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for p'servacon of Grayne.

THERE in the Parliament holden at Westmynster upon Prorogation, the Fourth Daye of February in the V V xxiiij’1 yere of the Raigne of the noble Prynce of famous Memorie Kyng Henry the Eight, amongest other [Thyngf and '] Acts one Estatute was made and provyded for the Destruction of Crowes Rookes and Chawghes; in w^ Estatute is conteyned one Braunche concemyng the Provision putting in ure and maynten'nce of Nettes and Shrapes, which Braunche being veiy good and beneficyall long tyme sythens was expyred ; Bee it therefore ordeyned and enacted by the Quene our Sovaigne Ladie, w,h the Assent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall, and of the Comons in this present Pliament assembled, and by the aucthoritie of the same. That only the sayd Braunche of the same Estatute concernyng the Provision Use and Maynten*nce of Nettes and Shrapes for the Destruccyon of Crowes Rookes and Chawghes, and all and every Article Forfayture and Penaltie conteyned in the sayd Braunche for and concernyng the Provysion and putting in ure of the same Nettes, and for the Mayntenaunce thereof according to the fourme therein limytted, shall from hensfoorth be revived and put in due Execucion, and that all and every other [Braunche and Article *] conteyned in the same Estatute shalbe from hensfoorthe utterly repealed and made voyde to all Intentf and Purposes.

And further be it enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That in everie Pisshe the Churchwa'dens for the tyme being, w,h others of the Pisshioners to the number of syx persons, to be required by the Churchewardens, shall after the Feast of S* Mychaell Tharchangell next coomyng yerely in one of the festivall Dayes in the Easter Weeke, and at e$y other tyme when and as often as it is and shalbe needeful, taxe and assesse everie Propriatour Farmour and other person having the Possession of any Lande or Tythes wlhin their severall Pishes, to paye suche soome of Money as they shall thinke meete, according to the Quantytie and Portion of suche Landes or Tythes as the same person so assessed do or shall have or holde; And if the sayd soomes of Money, or any of them so taxed and assessed be or shalbe denyed to be payde or be not payde w‘hin Fooretene Dayes next after the Request thereof made by the sayd Churchewardens or one of them, then everie person so denyeng or making suche Defaute of payment, shall forfaite for every tyme fyve shillingf; and the same, together w* the sayd soome or soomes assessed and taxed as is aforesayd, shalbe levied by Dystresse of the Goodes and Cattells of suche person and persons so assessed and refusing to paye suche soome to bee taken by the Churchewardens or one of them, wch Dystresse shalbe ordered and used in suche maner and fourme as Dystresses taken for Amercyamentf in any Letes; And the same soomes so taxed and assessed, and the sayd penaltyes, if any be so by them levyed as is aforesayd, shalbe yerely by the sayd Churchewardens for the tyme being or one of them of everie suche Pisshe delivered by Bill or Byllf indented to two honest and substanciall persons of everie suche Pisshe wc« shalbe elected and appointed by the sayd Churchewardens for the tyme being, to have the yerely distrybucion thereof, and shalbe named the distrybutours of the Provysion for the destruccyon of noyfull Fowles and Vermyn; And the sayd dystributours so appointed as is aforesayd, shall gyve and paye of the same Moneye so to them delyvW to everie person that shall bring to them any Heades of old Crowes Chawghes Pyes or Rookes taken w^in the sev’all Pisshes, for the Heades of ePy three of them a peny, and for the Heades of everie syxe young Crowes Chawghes Pyes or Rookes taken as is aforesayd a peny, and for everie syxe Egges of anye of them unbroken a peny, and lykewise for everye twelve Stares Heades a peny; All w* sayd Heades and Egges the sayd dystributours in soome convenyent place shall kepe, and shall everie moneth at the least bring foorth the same before the sayd Churchwardens and Taxours or three of them, and then and there to them shall make a true Accompt in Wrytyng what Money they have layde foorthe and payd for suche Heades and Egges and for the Heades of suche other [ravenyng3] Byrdes and Vermyn as are hereafter in thys Act mencioned, That is to saye; For everie Heade of Martyn Hawkes Fursekytte Moldkytte Busarde Schagge [Carmerat«] or Ryngtayle, two pence; and for every two Egges of them, one penny ; for everie Iron or Osprayes Head, sower pence; for the Head, of everie Woodwall Pye Jaye Raven or Kyte, one peny ; for the Head of everie Byrde which is called the Kyngf Fyssher, one peny; for the Head of everie Bulfynche or other Byrde that devoureth the blowth of Fruite, one peny; for the Heades of every Foxe or Gray, twelve pence; and for the Heade of everie Fitchewe Polcatte Wesell Stote Fayre bade or Wilde Catte, one peny; for the Heades of everie Otter or Hedgehogges, two pence; For the Heades of everie three Rattes or twelve Myse, one peny; for the Heades of everie Moldwarpe or Wante one halfpeny: For the Heades of everie w1*1 Byrdes and Vermyn last mencyoned, the sayd Dystributours shall likewise paye and gyve to the bringer of them for everie Heade kylde and taken wu,in their sev*all Pisshe as before is limyted, and shall kepe the same to be shewed foorthe upon their Accompt in maner and forme as is aforesayd; All wch said Heades and [Egges shalbe foorthwth after suche Accompte made, in the presence of the sayd Churchwardens and Taxours or of three of them, burned consumed or cut in sunder; And if upon any Accompte to be made in the ende and determynacion of the Office of any suche distrybutours it shall appeare that any soome of Money is remainyng in the Handes of the said dystributours or of any of them, then the same shalbe by Byll indented as is aforesayd delivered over to suche persons as be or shalbe elected to the same Office for the yere next following, by them to be distrybuted as is aforesaid.

And for the better execucion of this Acte, bee it also enacted by thaucthoritye aforesayd. That it maye and shalbe lawfull to and for everie person and persons w* hereafter will travell for the taking of Crowes Rookes Chawghes and other the Vermyn abovesayd, to enter for the same purpose and intent into any place therefore meete and convenient, w* the consent of the Owner or Occupier of the same, and there to use suche Nettes Engynnes and other resonable

1 0. omits. 5 Braunches and Articles O. 3 ravenous 0. 4 Carmerante 0.

.1566.

8° Eliz. c. 15, 16.

499

Devyses as are meete and convenient for the taking and destruccyon of suche Vermyn (Handgunnes and Crosbowes excepted) and shall take and have all suche Crowes Chawghes Rookes and other Vermyn to his or their owne uses : And if the sayd Churchwardens and Six persons of any Pisshe or Pisshes so required by the Churchewardens as is aforesayd, or the persons elected for Distrybutours, or any of them, shall refuse or make Defalte in the execucion of this Acte or any parte thereof, contrarie to the forme aforesayd, then everie suche pson shall forfayte for every suche Defaute five poundes, the one Moitye thereof to be to our Sovaigne Ladie the Queene her heyres and successours, and the other Moitye thereof to hym or them using Tillage yerely w*in the same Shire that shall sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde of our Sovaigne Ladie the Queene her heyres and successo's, by Action of Debt or Byll of Informacion wherein the Defendaunt or Defendauntes shall have no Proteccyon Essoigne or Wager of Lawe alowed or admytted.

Provided allways and be it further enacted by aucthoritye aforesaid. That this Acte or any Braunche therein contayned, shall not in any wise extende to give any Libertye or Aucthoritie to any person or persons to use or exercise any Meane or Engyn for the destruction of Crowes or Rookes Chawghes or other the Vermyn aforesaid, in any place or places, to the Disturbaunce Lett or Destruccyon of the building or breding of any kynde of Hawkes Herons Egrytes Paupers Swannes or Shovelers, or to the hurte or destruction of any Doves Dove Howses Deere or Warren of Conyes j Any Thing in this Acte to the contrary conteined notwithstanding.

And bee it further provyded, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteined, shall not extende to gyve or appoint any soome or soomes of Money to be givyn payde or distrybuted to any person or persons for the Head or Heades of any Busarde Ringtayle Yeme Polcatte Fytchewe or Stote, taken in any Parke Warren or Grounde employed to the mayntenaunce of any game of Conyes, or to any Stares taken in Dovehouses, nor to the killing and bringing the Head of any Kyte or Raven killed in any City or Towne Corporate, or w^in two Myles of the same: This Acte to continewe to the ende of the next Pliament.

Penalty on Churchwarden! neglecting to execute this Act, £5-

IV.

Not to prevent the breeding of Hawks, Doves, See.

V.

Exceptions.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte that in div'se Counties there shalbe but one Sheriffe in one Countye.

WHEREAS [in'] the Countyes and Shyres of Surrey and Sussex, Essex and Hertforde, Sofiset and Dorset,-Warwycke and Leycester, Nottyngham and Derbye, Oxon and Barfef, of long tyme have had but one Sheriffe to serve for two of the sayd Countyes, That is to saye, One for Surrey and Sussex, and one other for Essex and Hertford, and one other for SoSset and Dorset, and one other for Warwyche and Leycester, and one other for Nottingham and Derby, and one other for Oxon and Barkf ; The occasion whereof in the beginnyng, as it shoulde seeme, was for that everie of the sayd severall Countyes were not then so well inhabited w,h Gentlemen of good Abilitie to fve in the sayd Office as (Thankes be to God) they be at this present; And Forsomuche as the fvice and Charges of that Office of Sherifwyke of the sayd Counties is more then in tymes past it hath ben, and is nowe comonly greater then one Sheryffe is able to serve and supplie. Therefore suche Gentlemen as doo dwell in the sayd severall Counties are verie desirous to have for everie of the sayd Countyes one Sheriffe, to be yerely made and appointed for the same: And for that the having of severall Sheriffes accordingly cannot be hurtfiill to any, but thereby maye growe soome ease of Charges and Troble to suche as shall hereafter be appointed to suche Office, and also the sayd Office better served and executed then heretofore hath ben: Bee it therefore enacted by the aucthoritye of this pWit Parliament, That the Queenes moost Excellent Ma'1* her Heyres and Successors Kyngf or Queenes of this Realme, shall and maye, from and after the fyrst daye of November wck shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred threescore and seven, yerely chose and make for every of the sayd Counties before named, one sufficyent and able person to be Sheryffe of the same, in suche lyke maner and forme as is and hath ben used to be chosen made and done for any other Countie or Shire w"'in thys Realme; Any Lawe Custome or Usage heretofore had or used to the contrarie thereof notw"standing: And that everie person w" after the sayd fyrst daye of November shalbe made and appointed Sheryffe for any of the sayd Countyes shalbe accomptable and used in the Order of his Accompte and all other things and Allowance to hym to be made in the Courte of Exchequer and all other Courtes and Places, in suche maner and form as is commonly used for Shreiffes in lyke Cases.

Provided allwayes and be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That the Barons of the Queenes Highnes her Heyres and Successours of the Courte of the Exchequer for the tyme being, calling unto them aswell her or their Graces Officers of Remembrauncer and the Treasourers Remembrauncer together w"1 the Clark of the Pype of the same Courte, as also the severall Sheryffes the w* next after the sayd fyrst daye of November shalbe by her Highnes her Heires and Successours constituted named and appointed, of e9y of the sayd sev*all Counties of Surrey and Sussex, Essex and Hertforde, SoiSset and Dorset, Warwycke and Leycester, Nottingham and Derby, Oxon and Barkes, shall have by vertue of this Act of Parliament full power and aucthoritye to sever and devide, by the discrecion and judgement of the sayd Barons, all and singter the proffers of the sayd Countyes of Surrey and Sussex, Essex and Hertforde, Soifiset and Dorset, Warwyck and Leycester, Nottingham and Derby, Oxon and Barkf: The w* sayd severance and Devision of the sayd proffers shalbe entred of Recorde in the sayd Courte of Exchequer, and shalbe fynall and perpetual), during so long tyme as this present Acte of Parliament shall endure and have continewance.

There shall be one Sheriff for each of certain Countiea named ; where formerly one Sheriff served for Two such Counties.

U.

The Proffers of the several Counties shall be severed, by Order of the Exchequer.

’0. omits.

500

8° Eliz. c. 16, IT.

A.D. 1566.

ii.

Tallies of Reward shall alto be severed.

III.

Creation Money, Fees,Annuities,&c. shall be apportioned by the Exchequer.

IV.

Sheriffs shall pay only Half the former Feet.

V.

Continuance of Act; Three Years, &c.

And it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesayd. That in suche and the same maner and forme as the sayd proffers shalbe devyded, even so the Tayle of Rewarde of everie of the foresayd Counties, where any Tayle of Rewarde hereafter shalbe taken, shalbe severed and devyded in maner and forme aforesayd.

And bee it likewyse further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid. That the sayd Barons for the tyme being of the Queenes Highnes sayd Court of Exchequer and of her Heires and Successours, calling unto them the sayd Officers of the Treasourers Remembrauncer and the Clarke of the Pype, shall have full power and aucthoritye from tyme to tyme to take Order and Appointment for the true and speedy payment and contentacion of suche creation Money Fees and Annuities, and all other soomes of Money as have ben accustomed to have ben paid or of right owght to have ben payd to any person or persons by the Handes of the sayd severall Sheryffes; And that suche Order Direction and Appointment, so made hadde and taken by the sayd Barons in Maner and Fourme last before recited, shalbe observed perfourmed fulfilled and kept yerely, aswell by bothe the Shriffes of the sayd severall Counties of Surrey and Sussex for the tyme being, as by the sayd severall Sheriffes for the tyme beinge of the sayd Countyes of Essex and Hertforde, and of Sofiset and Dorset, and of Warwycke and Leycester, and of Nottingham and Derby, and of Oxon and Barks; Any Usage Lawe or Custome to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That no Sheriffe, hereafter to be chosen and made of any one of the sayd Coundes in this Acte mencyoned, shall paye in any Courte of Recorde for any dude belonging properly to the Office of Sherieff, any other Fees or Charges then only the one half of the Charges and Fees wck he should be compelled to have payd, if he had ben Sheriffe of two of the sayd Shyres and Counties, as before the making of this Acte was used ; Any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarie notwithstanding.

This Acte to continewe and endure unto the ende of Three whole yeres, to be accompted from the Feast of All Saynctf, in the yere of our Lord God a thousand fyve hundred threescore and seaven; and from thence to the ende of the nexte Parliament then next following the ende of the sayd three yeres.

CHAPTER XVII. (')

An Acte for Confirmafon of a Subsedie graunted by the Clergye.

Grant of Subsidy by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury:

WHEARE the Prelates and C.largie of the Provynce of Cantorbury have lovingly and lyberally for certeyn Consideracbns, given and gr*unted to the Queenes Ma" a Subsedye of Fowre shillingf of the pownde, to be taken and levyed of all and singuler there Promotyons Spuall within the same Provynce during the terme of Three yeeres nowe next ensewing, in soch certeyn manner and forme and with soch Exceptyons and Provisyons as bee specyfied and conteyned in a certeyn Instrument by them therof made and delyvered to the Queenes Highnes under the Seale of the moste Reverend Father in God Mathew now Arcliebusshop of Cantorburye and Primate of all England ; Which Instrument is now exhibited in this present Parlament to bee ratefyed; the tenor wherof enseweth in these wordes:

Tenor of the said Grant:

Subsidy of 4s. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions, as valued to the King’s Tenth under 26 H.VIII. c.3.

The Prelates and Clargyb of the Provynce of Cantorburye, being lawfully congregated and assembled togither in a Convocacon or Synode, calling to their remembr*unce the greate and manifolde Benefictf which they have manny and sondry Wayes receyved of your Ma'f moste gracyous Bountifulnes, princypally for the setting furth and advancing of Goddes holy Woorde, his syncere and trewe Relygion, and abolishing all forain powre, contrary to the same; Considering also the greate Debts wherewith the Imperyall Crowne of this Realme was charged, when yt pleased Allmighty God fyrst to call yor Highnes to the Govern*nce of the same: And further, waying the greate Charges wherewith yo' Ma,ie bothe hathe been and ys lyke to be burthened hereafter, for the defending and prefving your Highnes Realme and naturall Subgectf in Christyan Peace Tranquiletye and Safetye: In Consideuac&n therof and for a trewe dedaracion of our bounden dewtyes good Hartes and Myndes towardes yor Ma", with one uniforme Agreement Accorde and Consent together with moste harty good wyll, have geven and gr*unted and by thies Presents doo give and gr*unte to yor Highnes yo' heyres and successors. One Subsedye in manner and forme following; That ys to saye, That every Archebusshop Bisshop Deane Archdeacon Provost Master of College Prebendary Parson Vycare and every other psone and psons of whatsoever name or degree he or they bee, within the Provynce of Cantorburye, enjoyeng any Spuall Promotion or other Temporall Possessions, to the same Spuall Promotion annexed, nowe not devyded nor sepated by Acte of Pliament or otherwise from the possession of the Clargye, shall paye to your Highnes yo' heyres and successors, for every pownde that he maye yerely dispende by reasone of the saide Spuall Promotion the some of sower shillingf : And for the trewe and certeyn valew of all the Promotions, and every of them, wherof the payement of this Subsedye shalbee made, the Rate Taxacion Valuation and EstimafiSn nowe remayning of Recorde in your Ma'f Courte of Exchequo’, for the payment of the ppetuall Disme or Tenthe gr*unted to yo’ Ma'f most noble Father in the xxvj01 yere of his R eigne, concerning soch Promocyons as now bee in Possession of the Clargie, or of anny other not devyded by anny Acte of Parlyament, or otherwise alyenated from the possession of the Clergie, shall onely bee followed and observed, withowte making any Valuacion Rate Taxacion or Estimacttn, other

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

JJ).1566.

8° Eliz. c. 17

501

then in the sayde Recorde ys npwe cotnprysed : Provyded alwayes. That forasmoch as the Tenthe pte of the said Rate and Valuacbn before mencyoned, ys yerely payde to yo' Highnes for the sayde ppetuall Dysnie, so as there remayneth onely Nyne partes to the Incumbent clere. This Subsedye of sour shillingf the pownde shalbe understanded and ment of every pownde onely of the sayde Nyne ptes and of no more: Provyded alwayes that no psone that ys allredy promoted to anny Spuall Benefyce or Promotion sythens the xxiiij"1 daye of Maye last past, or that hereafter shallbee promoted to anny Spuall Benefyse or Promotion on thissyde the xxiiij"1 daye of Maye which shalbee in the yere of our Lorde Godd a Thowsand fyve hondred threeskore and nyne, by reasone wherof he is shall or maye bee charged to the payment of the Fyrst Fruyctf for the sayde Promocion, shalbe contributorye or charged for the same to yor Highnes your Heyres or Successors, with anny pte of this Subsedye during the fyrst yere after the acceptance of his sayde Promotion: And your sayde Prelates and Clargie also doo gr*unte that this Subsedye of iiij s. the Pownde of the Nyne Partes of the yerely Valew of every Promocion Spuall aforesayde within the sayde Provynce taxed as is aforesayde, shalbee payde to yo' Ma'*, yo' Heyres and Successors, within three yeres next ensuing the date heros, in manner and forme following, That ys to saye, Sixtene Pence of every Pownde aforesayde in every of the sayde three yeeres; The fyrst Payment therof to be dewe at the xxiiij"1 daye of Maye next ensewing, which shalbee in the yere of o' Lorde God a thowsand fyve hondred threeskore and seven; and the Second Payment therof to bee dewe at the xxiiij"1 daye of Maye then next following, which shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God a Thowsand fyve hondred threeskore and eight; And the Third Payment therof to bee due the xxiiij"1 daye of Maye which shalbee in the yere of o' Lorde a Thowsand fyve hondred threeskore and nyne; to bee delyvered and payde yerely by soch psone and psons as in this pnt Gr’unte shalbe appointed to have the collection therof to the Lorde High Treasauro' or Under Treasauror of England for the tyme being, or to soch other parsone or psons, and in soch Place or Places as yt shall please yor Highnes to appoynte, to bee payde at or before the last daye of Octobre in every of the sayde Three yeeres ; withowte paying any thing to the Receyvor or to any other offycers or psons to bee assigned for the Receypte therof, for anny Acquytt’unce or other Discharge upon any soch Payment and Reccypte of the sayde Subsedy or anny pte therof to be geven and delyvered, but onely Fowre Pence, and that to the Clarcke for the Wryting of every of the same Acquytt"uncf or Discharge for everye the same Paymentf: Item, Your sayde Gracf Prelates and Clargye also doo gr’unte, that every Prieste and all other Eccfiastycall Psones having any Pencon by reason of the Dissolucion of the late Monasteryes Colleges Freechappellf Ch’untryes Frafemytyes Guyldes and Hospytallf, or of anny Sprytuall Dignetye or Corporacion nowe dissolved wythin the sayde Provynce of Cantorburye, shall lykewise paye to yor Highnes yor Heyres and Successors, Fowre Shillingf of everye Pownde of the sayde Pensyons within the sayde Three yeres, at soch dayes and tymes as are before specyfied ; And that for the sure Payment therof, Deduccion and Retencon of the sayd iiij s. shalbee made yerely in the Handes of the Payers of the sayde Pencyons after the Rate and Proporcyon of Sixtene Pence the Pownde every of the sayde Three yeres, to bee delyvered and payde by yo' Highnes Receyvers and Offycers deputed for the Payment of soch Pencons unto yo' Ma'f use, at soch tyme and to soch psons as the Susedye of iiij s. the Pownde aforesayde shalbee payde unto : Item, Your sayde Prelates and Clargye doo gr’unte that every Prieste or Minister Stipendarye receyving an annuall Stipende, being no ppctuitye of Sixe Pounds xiij s. iiij d. or above within the sayde Provynce, shall paye unto the use of yo' Highnes, yo' Heyres and Successors Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence in every of the sayde Three yeres at soch tyme and to soch psons as the saide Subsedye shalbee payde; And for Defaulte of Payment of the sayde Stipendaryes, that everie Psone Vycare or other Spuall or Temporall psone Proprietary or Farmer hyring anny Priest or Minister to fve in anny Place, shalbee aunswerable and charged for and with the payment of the sayde vj s. viij d. for the sayde Priest or Minister every of the sayde Three yeres, and shall and maye make retencon of his and there Wages quarterly, of so moche as the sayde Stypendaryes bee charged with by this present Gr’unte every of the sayde Three yeres: Item, Yo' sayde Prelates and Clargie further doo gr’unte that every Archebysshop and Busshopp, and the Sea being voyde, every Deane and Chapto' of that See voyde, shalbee Collectors of this Subsedye wythin theyr propper Dyoces during the sayde Three yeeres, other then of the Pensyoners aforesayde; And the sayde Archebysshop Bysshopp, or the Sea being voide, the Deane and Chapto', shall certifie into your Ma'f Courte of Exchequo' under theyre Seales, the Names and Surnames of all soch Stypendary Priests and Ministers within theyre Dyoces as bee chargeable by this Acte before the said last daye of Octobre yerely during the sayde Three yeres : And your sayde Prelates and Clargye doe most humbly bescche your Ma" that yt may be enacted by your sayde Ma" and yo' High Courte of Parlyament, (for the spedy payment of the sayde Subsedye and.to avoyde Delayes therof,) that when and as often as anny Collecto' or Collectors chargeable with the Collectyon of this Subsedye or of anny pte therof, or the Deputye or Deputyes of anny of them, shall offer the payment therof or of any pte therof, to the use of your Ma'1' your Heyres or Successors, to anny psone or psones appointed to receyve the same by yo' Highnes or by the sayde Lorde High Treasauro' or Subtreasauro', that the sayde psone or psones so appointed, shall within sour dayes next after soch Appoinctement, receyve or cause to bee receyved the Monney so offered to bee payde withowte any further Delaye, and shall delyver one suffyeient Byll testefyeng the Receypte therof to the sayde Collecto' or his Deputye, upon every soch pticuler payment: And that every soch Awdyto' as ys or shalbee appointed to take or receyve thaccoumpte of anny soch Collecto' or Collecto's, shall wythin syxe dayes next after request to him to bee made, trewely and indifferentlye take the sayd Accompte and make Allowance as by this Gr’unte ys appoynted ; upon payne that every soch psone and psons appointed to receyve the some or somes so offered, and every soch Awdytto' shall loose and forfaict for every Defaulte or Delaye to bee made to the sayde Collecto' or Collectors so offering to make payment or accompte as ys aforesayde the some of Tenne powndes of lawfull Monney of England, thone Moytie therof to bee to your Ma'1', your Heyres and Successors, and thother Moytie to the sayde Collecto' or Collectors so greyed, the same to bee payde upon complaynte made to the sayde Lorde Treasauro' Under Treasauro' or to the Lorde Chief Baron of yor Ma'f Courte of Exchequo', who uppon

chargeable on Nine Tenth* only;

and not on the firit Year after Promotion

payable in Three Years, is. 4d. in each Year.

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests, from dissolved Monasteries, See.

Priests receiving Stipends amounting to £6. i as. +d. shall pay 6s. 8d. yearly.

Bishop', &c. shall be Collectors.

Payments shall he received from Collectors when offered, See. Penalty, jgio.

6 M

502

Collectors shall have the same Powers as for levying the Tenths, Sic.

Allowance for Collection,

6d. in the Pound.

Penalty on Incumbents making Defauh of Payment,

Loss of the Benefice ; on Certificate of such Default into the Exchequer, by the Bishop charged with the Collection.

Form of such Certificate;

and Schedule to be annexed;

8° Eliz. c. IT.

soche complaynte shall presently examyne the matter, and fynding defaulte shall c5mytt thoffendor to Warde, there to remayne untyll he shall have payde the saide severall somes so forfeicted: And for the better levyeng and recovering of the saide Subsedye, Yo' saide Prelates and Clergie doo lykewise moste humblye beseche yo' Highnes, that yt may be enacted by yo' Ma"' and yor sayde Highe Courte of Parlyament in manner and fourme following, That is to saye; that every Collecto' of the sayde Subsedye and of every pte and pcell therof, and theyre lawfull Deputye or Deputyes, maye have full power and aucthoretye to use all soch wayes and meanes and processe as bee prescribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme, for the collection and levyeng of the same, and may make accompte therof before the Lord High Treasauro' or Under Treasauro' of England for the tyme being, or anny other Offycers by your Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequor to bee appointed for the same, and in soch place as yo' Ma*1' lykewise shall assigne, in soch wyse and after soch forme onely as the sayde Archebusshops and Busshops bee now charged to make accoumpte for the sayde ppetuall Dysme or Tenthe, wherby ys ment that the lacke and defaulte of payment of and for anny perticuler promocion or promocyons, shall onely charge the Incumbent or Incumbentf and soch others as be bounde to paye the same; And that the Archebusshop Busshop Deane and Chapito' gathering that which they can receyve, and making payment therof, shall for the rest not by them receyved bee discharged by there Certificate to bee made before the laste daye of October in every of the sayde Three yeres, unto yor Highnes Courte of Exchequo'; And that Syxe pence of every pownde wherewith the Collectour shalbee charged in his Accoumpte derely to bee payde into the Receipte of yor Ma'f Exchequo', or into soch other place as shall please yo' Highnes to appoincte, shalbe allowed to the sayde Collector upon his Accoumpte for the same, in every of the sayde Three yeres, for the Charges of collection portage safe conveying and paying of the same Subsedye; And moreover that yt may bee ennacted lykewise that after anny Payment of the sayde Subsedy shalbee ones dewe by vertue of this Gr*unte in anny of the saide Three yeres, yf anny Incumbent of anny Benefyce or Promocyon Spuall, charged to the payment of the same Subsedye, being at anny tyme after that the same payment shalbee due, lawfully monyshed eyther psonally or at his Dignetye Stall Churche or Mansyon Howse by the Archbusshop or Busshop of the Dyocesse or their Deputye or Deputyes, or the Deane and Chapito', the See being voyde, or by any their Deputye or Deputyes authorised in that bihalfe, to appere by himself or his Deputye at a certeyn daye or place of convenyent distance to the sayde Incumbent then to bee signefyed and prefixed, then and there to paye soche pte of the saide Subsedye for his Benefyce or Promotion Spuall as then by vertue of this Gr*unte shalbee due, doe not eyther at the same daye and place so to him signifyed and prefixed trewly content and paye or cause to be contented and payde the same parte of the sayde Subsedye which then by him shalbee due to be payed, unto the same Archebusshop or Busshopp, or to their Deputye or Deputyes, or to the Deane and Chapito' of anny Sea being voyde, or to their Deputye or Deputyes, or to one of them, shewing sufficient Deputation from the sayde Archebushop Bysshop or Deane and Chapito' under his or their Seale in that bihalfe, being ready at the same day and place so signified and prefixed to receyve the saide Subsedye then due and openly deinaunding the same, or ells paye the same w,hin Fortye Dayes next after anny soch prefixed daye at the furthest, (so that open Demaunde be made of the sayde Subsedye in and at the sayde place and day before prefixed,) that then every Incumbent so making defaulte of payment of his pte of the sayde Subsedye in anny of the sayde Three yeres after soch defaulte thereof certefied into your Ma'f Exchequo' in Wryting under the Seale and Hand wryting of any Archebusshop or Bushop or of the Deane and Chapito' the Sea being voyde, charged with the Collection of the same Subsedye, so that the sayde Certificate shalbee made according to the forme hereafter expressed and exhibited into your Ma'f sayde Courte of Exchequo' before the last daye of Octobre in every of the sayde Three yeres, shall forfaicte and loose that onely Dignetye Benefyce and Promocion Spuall, by what Name so ever yt bee called, for which he maketh soch defaulte of payment, and wherof soch Certificate shalbee made, and shalbe thereof deprived ipo facto ; And the sayde Promocion, from and after the daye of the delyverye of the sayde Certificate into your Highnes Courte of Exchequo', shal beclerely voyde and destitute of Incumbent in the Lawe to all Intentf and Purposes as yf soch Incumbent making soch defaulte of payment weare deade in dede: And that every Certificate of anny soche defaulte of payment shalbe made according to the Teno' and Effect ensuing, mutatis mutandis; Honorabilibus et egregiis Viris Dho Thesaurario et Baronibus de S?cio Illustriss' Dne nre Dhe Elizabeth Dei gra Anglie Francie et Hibemie Regine fidei Defensor, &c. vester humilis, E. permissione divina L. Epus aucthoritate et vigore cujusda Actus Parliameti anno Regni ice Dhe Reginae octavo edit et provii ad colligend et levand Subsidiu eidem D Regine in eod Parliameto per Prelatos et Cle£ Cantuarien Proving concess, Videft, pro prima solucoe inde solvend vicesimo quarto die Maii, ultimo preterito, infra Dio? hram L. deputaf et authorizaf omimod reverentia tantis viris debita cu honore: Vris Reveretiis haru serie anuncio et certifico me pfatu Epm, modo quo prefertur deputaf et authorizaf, sufficieter et cu omni diligetia requisisse p N. O. deputatum meu in hac parte, de quocuq^ Beneficio et Promoc&e Eccliastica, in quadam schedula pntibj annex specificaf, Sumas d?i Subsidii p dcis Beneficiis et Promocionibus debif pro pri* solucoe diet Subsidii debit solvend d?o xxiiij" die Maij, ultimo preterif, prout in eadem schedula present^ annex plenius liquet et apparet. Sed dcas Sumas ex causis in eadem schedula allegatis reciperc non potui. In cujus rei testimonium Sigillum meura pntibus apponi feci. Daf decimo die Maii Anno Dni Mittm° quinge° sexage" septimo. The Forme of which Schedule above mentyoned ensueth, Viz; Decanatus de A. B. Vicarius ibm monitus suit apud M. predict, die

ultimo preterito, per E. D. deputatum meu, ad solvendum apud Ecctiam de L. in Com E. die

tunc px sequen, illam partem Subsidii p se debit xxiiij0 die Maii ultimo preterif pro Promocione sua predca. Sed pred?us A. B. nec apud Ecciiam de L. predict, eodem die

nec alibi per quadraginta dies postea, Sumain per se debitam ut praefertur non solvit nec satisfecit; neq, dcam Sumam de proficuis d?e Promotionis, nec de bonis et cataft dies A. B. aliq° modo levare sive recipere potui. Provided alwayes. That yf anny Psone or Incumbent chargeable by this Acte or Gr*unte to anny payment of this

Gck >ole

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 17.

503

Subsedy, shall proffer or tender payment of anny some due to the Archebusshopp or Byshop or to the Deane and Chapito' where the Sea ys voyde, or to anny Deputye or Deputyes of anny Archebusshop Bushop or Deane and Chapter aforesayde, at any tyme before the Certificate exhibited into Thexchecquo' as is aforesayde, That then notwithstanding the Certificate made as ys aforesayde against anny soche Psone, the sayde Incumbct or Psone against whome the Certificate was so made, shall and maye aver the offer or tender of his payment as ys aforesayde; And if the same shalbee tryed eyther by sufficient Wytnesses before the Lorde Treasouror or Barons of Thexchecquo' or by the Tryall of xij men, upon an yssue thereupon to bee joyned betwixt the same Incubent or anny other

P&one or Psons, that he or anny for him dyd offer or tender the payment of the sume due as ys aforesayde,

That then every soch Incumbent shall have and enjoye his Promotion or Promotions styll as though no Certificate of Defaulte of soch payment had ben made or exhibited ; Anny thing in this Gr*unte or Acts to the contrary notwithstandig: And further that yt maye bee enacted lykewise, That every Archebusshop and Busshop and

Deane & Chapto' of every Sea vacant and other psons chargeable to and with the Collection of the saide Subsydie

of iiij s. the pownde within the sayde Provynce of Cantorburye, shall and maye have upon every payment of the same Subsedye made to the Lorde High Treasouro' or Under Treasauro' of England for the tyme being, or to soch other Psone or Psones, in place and places to whome and wheare yt shall please your Highnes or your Courte of Exchecquo' to appointe for the Receypt therof in every of the sayde three yeres, a sufficient Acquytt'unce Discharge or Quietus est in Wryting of the saide Lorde Highe Treasouro' or Under Treasauro' or of soch other Psone or Psones as eyther yo' Highnes or your sayde Courte of Exchecquo' shall assigne for the Receipte therof, as heretofore in lyke Cases yt hath bene accustomed, the same Acquytt'unce Discharge or Quietus est wytnessing the Receipte of as moch of the same some of the saide Subsedye as shalbee so receyved ; And that every soch Acquytt'unce Discharge or Quietus est in Wryting, sealed or subscribed with the Name or Names of the saide Lorde Highe Treasauro' or Under Treasauro' for the tyme being or of soch Awdyto' or other Psone or Psons as yt shall please yo' Highnes or yo' sayde Courte of Exchecquo' to appointe for the same Receypte, or of soche others as heretofore in lyke cases yt hathe bene used, shall and maye be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and bee also a sufficient Discharge to all and every of the sayde Collectors to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes as yf the same weare made by Acte of Parlament; And that every of the sayde Collectors shall paye but onely iijs. iiijd. for every generall and fynall Acquytt'unce Discharge or Quietus est for every yeres payment of the sayde Subsedye: And also that every pticuler Acquytt'unce, which upon payment of anny pte of the saide Subsedye shalbee made by anny Collecto' or Collectors of the same Subsedye or of any payment therof, or by his or their Deputye or Deputyes in that bihalfe, to anny Incumbent of anny Benefyce or Promocion Spuall or to anny other Psone, or Psones contributory and chargeable to and with the same Subsedye or anny pte or payment therof, shalbee good and effectuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient Discharge to every soch Incumbent and other Psone, and his Benefice or Promocbn Spuall, of and for all soch s5me and somes of Monney as by the same Acquytt*nce shalbee acknowleged to be receyved in respect of the same Benefyce or Promocon Spuall for any payment or pte of the same Subsedye ; And that none Acquit'unce of anny other Psone or Psones made before soch Certificate, shall in anny wise discharge anny Psone or Promotion for any pte of this Subsedye nor of anny Payne Penaltye or Forfeature specyfied in this Gr'unte: And to thintcnt yt maye be knowen to the Courte of Thexchecquo' who bee the Deputye or Deputyes of every soch Archebyshop Byshop or Deane and Chapter liable to make Acquytt'unce, every Archebysshop Bysshop and Deane and Chapter of anny See being voyde, shall yerely with the Certificate of the Names of Stipendarye Priests certefye the Name and Names of every the Deputyes to be appointed as ys aforesayde: Provyded alwayes, That no Spuall Promotions or anny Lands Possessions Revenues annexed to the same being charged by this Gr'unte of the Provynce of Cantorburye, or anny Goods or Cattellf growing being or renewing upon the same or ellfwhere apperteyning to the OwiJs of the saide Spuall Promocyons or of anny of them, shalbee charged or made contributory to anny Fyfteneth or Tenthe or anny other Subsedy allredy gr'unted to your Highnes by the Laytie, or hereafter to bee granted during the tearme of the said three yeeres : Provyded also, That all Deanes Archedeacons Dignityes Maisters Wardens and Prebendaryes of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colleges or of any of them within the sayde Provynce, shalbee charged with this Subsedye for those Possessyons Revenues and PorcSns onely which to their severall Promocyons Dignetyes and Romes are dearely and distinctely limited and to their owne onely Uses severed therof, to paye the tenth pte being deducted, iiij s- of every pownde within the sayd three yeres, in mann! and forme as ys above rehearsed: And that all those Renttf Possessyons Proffyttf PorcSns Heredytamentf and Spuall Proinotyons and every of them heretofore by yo' Highnes or any yo' Ma'f Noble Progenitors or anny other psone or psones whatsoever given gr'unted bequethed divised or impropryed unto the sayde Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colleges or to anny of them, which any wayes bee assigned or used either for or towards the yerely mainten*nce of poore Men Schoolemasters Ushers Gramaryens Petycanons Vycars Chorall Readers of Divynetie Singing Men Choristers Vergers or of any other necessary and daylye Offycers or Ministers in soch Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches or Colledges or any of them, or for or towardes the reedifyeng or repayring of anny of the same Cathedrall or Collegyate Churches or Colleges, comonly named Ad fabricam Ecctie, shall not bee charged with anny parte of this Subsedye; The certeintye of which Portyons aswell chargeable to this Subsedye as not chargeable in this bihalfe, the Archebysshop or Busshop of the Dyoces or the See being Voyde the Deane and Chapiter, upon due Searche and Exaiacion, shall certefye under his or their Seale into yo' Highnes sayde Courte of Exchecquo' before the sayde last daye of Octobre in every of the sayde three yeres; Provyded alwayes, That every Psone Vycar or other Spuall psone paying anny Pensyon wherof none allow'unce ys made in the Valuacon of his Promoc&n or Benefyse, shall and maye reteyne sixtene pence of every pownde of every

Proviso for Payment before Certificate being exhibited in the Exchequer.

Acquittances to the Bishops chargeable with the Collection.

Acquittances to Incumbents for their Payments.

Bishops shall certify Names of Deputy Collectors.

Spiritual Promotions shall not be liable to TemporalS ubsidies.

Deans, See. chargeable for their Promotions.

Revenues of Cathedrals, See. appropriated to the Poor, Sec. not chargeable j

According to a Certificate of the Bishop, Sec.

Persons paying Pensions may retain

the Subsidy.

504

8° Eliz. c. 17

A.D. 1566.

Exemption for Chauntriet, &c. vetted'in the Crown under St. i Edw. VI. c. 14.

Exemption fur Colleges in the Universities, &c.

Exemption for Benefices not exceeding jf'6. 13s. 40.

Vicarages above £6. 13s. 41I. to ,^'ic. shall pay only 6s. 8d.

Exemption for Pensions not exceeding 40s.

This Subsidy

to be confirmed by Parliament.

The said Subsidy confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

n.

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, &c, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rents; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

soch Pencyon everye yere daring the said Three yeres to his owne Reliefe, in considers con that he ys charged to paye this Subsedye of sour shilling^ the pownde owte of every pownde of the hole value of his Promocion : Provyded also, and yor sayde Prelates and Clargie doo moste humblye beseche your Highnes, that yt maye be ennacted by yor Maf aucthoritye and yo1 High Courte of Parlyament, That where certeyn Lands Tenementf Rents Spuall Promotytms Tythes Penc6ns Portyons Fruyctf and other Heredytamentf lately belonging to dyvers Cathedrall Churches and to other places and psons Eccliasticall within the sayde Provynce of Canterburye, which were given and assigned to bee bestowed and spent to and on the fynding and mainteyning of certen Ch*untryes Anniversaryes Obytes Lyghtf Lampes and other lyke Charges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Hands and Possession of the late King of famouse Memory Edward the Sixte, by force of a Statute therof made in the Fyrst yere of his late Reigne, as by the sayde Estatute more playnely appereth; That the sayde Cathedrall Churches & the Busshops Deanes or Presidentes and Chapters of the same, and all other places and psons, or anny of them, to whome the sayde Landes Rents and all other the premisses or any of them dyd lately apperteyne, shall not during the sayde Three yeeres be charged to and with anny payment of Subsedye of and for that pte or porcon of Landes Teiitf Rents Spuall Promotions and other Heredytamentf or any of them, whereunto the sayde late Kyng by force of the sayde Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of or for anny yerely Rents or Paymentf going owte or due to bee payed unto yo1 Malie owte of the premysses nor anny pte therof, but onely of and for all and singuler Lands Teiitf Rents Spuall Promocons Tythes Pencons Porcbns Fruyctf and other Heredytamctf which doo yet still remayne not dissevered from thandf and possession of the sayde Cathedrall Churches and other the places and psons Ecctiasticall aforesayde; and that DeduccSn and Allowance therof bee made to them and every of them accordingly, in and upon every payment of this sayde Subsedye owte of the whole Valew Taxacon and EstimacSn made for the paiment of the sayde ppetuall Dysme or Tenthe remayning of Record in yo' Highnes Courte of Exchecquo', for that rate and porcion of Lands Tents Rents Spuall Promocyons and other Heredytamentf, and for those yerely paymentf wherunto the sayde late Kyng was intituled or possessed of, or which otherwise have bene severed from the possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other placf and psons aforesayde, by force of the Statute premysed; the same Acte or anny other Acte or Actes whatsoever, or anny Thing therin conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding: Provyded also. That this Subsedye gr*unted by the Clargie, shall not bee demaunded or levyed owte of anny Benefyce Howse of Students or College scituate or sett wythin either of the Universetyes of Oxforde and Cambrydge, or of any other Benefyce or other Revenues unto the sayd Howses or Colleges in the sayde Universetyes, or in either of them, or to anny Howse of Students or College in anny of the same Universetyes united appropryed or apperteyning, or of the Colleges of Wyndeso', or Eton nigh Wyndeso1, or of the College called S' Mary Colledge by Wynchestre founded by Wylliam Wyckh'm sometyme Byshop of Wynchestre, or of anny Hospitallf or Gramn^ Schooles, or of anny other Churche Benefyce or other Revenues to the sayde Universetyes Howses Colledges Hospitallf Almeshowses AlmeshallP or Gramer Schooles, or to anny of them annexed appropriated or otherwise apperteyning: Provyded alwayes. That all Psons Vycars and other Ecctiasticall parsons whose Benefyces bee not above Sixe powndf thirtene shillingf sour pence by yere, after the Taxacion aforesayde, shall not be charged w"‘ this Subsedye, or any pte therof: Provyded also. That everye Vycar whose Benefyce ys above vjti. xiijs. iiijd. and not above Tenne pounds by the yere after Taxac&n aforesayde, shall paye every yere of the sayde Three yeres onely, vj s. viij d. for his pte of the sayde Subsedye, as Stypendary Pryestf bee charged to paye by force of this Gr"unte, and not otherwise: Provyded also, That every Prieste and all other Ecctiasticall or late Religious psons, having a Pensyon by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteryes Colledges Frcechappellf Ch'untreys Fraternetyes Guyldes and Hospytallf, or anny other Incorporacbns wythin the Provynce of Cantorburye or anny of them, and being of the some of xl s. or under, and not above, shall not bee charged or chargeable for anny soch Pencon ; Anny Thing conteyned in this Gr*unte to the contrarye notwithstanding: And for the sure and trewe payment of this Subsedye gr'unted by yo’ sayde Prelates and Clargye of the Provynce of Canterburye according to the Teno’ Purporte Effect and trew meaning of this present Gr*unte; Your saide Prelates and Clargie moste humbly desyre yo' Highnes that this their sayde Gyfte Graunte and Subsidye, and every Matter Sume of Monney Peticion Clause Provisions and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerning the sayde Subsedye, maye bee ratefied established and confirmed by the Aucthoretye of yor Highnes Courte of Parlyament.

Wherfore for the trewe and sure payment of the saide Subsedye, gr’unted by the sayde Prelates and Clargie of the saide Provynce of Cantorburye, according to the Teno' Effecte and trewe meaning of the saide Instrument, Be yt Ennacted by the Queenes Ma‘ic withe thassent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the C5ens in this present Parliament assembled and by thauthoretye of the same, That the sayde Gifte and Gr’unte, and every Matter some of Monney Peticion Provision Clause and Sentence in the sayde Instrument conteyned, shall stande and bee ratefyed established and confirmed by the Aucthoretye of this present Parlament.

And Furthermore bee yt ennacted by the aucthorety aforesayde, That everie psone that shalbe appointed to the Collection and Gathering of the saide Subsedye, shall have full power and aucthorety to leavye take and pceyve the same Subsedye by the aucthoretye of the Censures of the Churche, That is to saye, by Suspenc&n Excoicacion or Interdiction, and also by Sequestracion of the Fruictf and Pffettf of their Benefyces and PromociSns Spuall, in whose Hands so ever they bee, and to make sale of the same Fruictf, withowte d’unger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse uppon the Possession of the Fernto's or Occupyers of the Lar.df and Tenementf chargeable by the sayde Instrument for or to the payment of anny some or somes of Monney to bee due by force therof or otherwise by the discreac&n of the Collecto' therof; And that no Replevye Prohibition or Supsedeas shalbee allowed or obeyed for anny psone or psons making defaultc of payment of the sayde Subsedye, contrary to the Tenor of the Gr*unte therof,

V

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 17, 18.

505

untyll soch tyme as they have trewly sadsfyed and consented all soch pte and por66ns as to them in that bihalfe apperteyneth: And that every soch Fermo' and Fermo's their Executors and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and wlh the payment of the sayde Subsedye or anny pte therof, shall by thaucthorety aforesayde, bee allowed and reteyne in his Hands asmuch of his yerely Rent and Ferme as the s5me which he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Leassour shall extende unto; Except the sayde Fermo' or Fermo’s their Executors and Assignes by the Lease and Gr*unte that they have of anny pte of the Lands Tythes Proffyttf* and Tenementf chargeable to this sayde Subsedye or by force of anny Coven*unte or Artyde therm conteyned, bee bounden and charged to paye the same, and therof to discharge there Leassour and Landlorde during the Terme mencioned in the saide Lease.

And lykewise bee yt enacted by thaucthoretye of this present Parlyainent, That wheare dyvers Curates lyable to this Subsedye being oftentymes removeable, doo serve aswell in dyvers Imppriac&ns belonging to the Quenes Ma‘" as in other Impropriacons, and in other Spuall Promoc&ns belonging to other psons; That for the spedy Recovery of the sayde Subsedye, It maye bee laufull to the Collecto' or Collectors of the sayde Subsedye their Deputie or Deputyes to leavye the saide Subsedye upon the Fermo' or Fermors or Occupyers of all soch Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promocions by all Censures of the Churche aforesayd and every of them, or by waye of Distresse of the Tythes of the sayde Impropriacion or Impropriacions and Spual Promocions, or otherwise upon the Goods and Cattellf of the saide Fermo' or Fermo's and Occupyers, in wd‘ case no Inhibicion Prohibicion Replevye or other Processe awarded to the contrary shalbe obeyed; Anny Lawes Statutes Privileges or Customes to the contrary heros heretofore made gr*unted or used or hereafter to bee made gr'unted or used to the contrarye in anny wyse notwithstanding: And that yt maye bee lawfull to the Collectors and Thoffycers and Mynisters of soch Archebyshop Byshop or Deane and Chapter for not payment of the sayde Subsedye after the same shalbee due in anny of the

saide iij yeeres, to prayse and valewe the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbours by him to bee

chosen, and the Dystresse or Dystresses so praysed to sell, and therof to deteyne so moch Monney as shall amounte to the some payable to the Quenes Ma"% with the reasonnable Charges also of the sayde Collecto'

susteyned in that bihalfe; and the rest of the Monney made of the sayde Distresse to bee delivered and payde

to the Owner or Occupyer thereof.

Provyded alwayes and bee yt ennacted by thaucthoretye aforesayde, That everye Laye Parsone having a Spyrituall Promocbn chargeable by this Acte, and allso having Temporall Possessions Goods Chattellf and Debts chargeable to the Subsedye gr*unted in this Parlament by the Temporaltye, shalbe charged taxed and sett for his sayde Spuall Promotions with the Clargie, and for his Temporall Possessions and Chattellf reall with the Temporaltye, and not otherwise ; Anny thing before mencioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee yt further ennacted by thaucthoretye aforesayde, That all and every Gr*unte and Gr*untes of all and every sume and sumes of Monney, which hereafter shalbe gr’unted to the Quenes Mau* by the Clargye of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe of the same strength force and effect in all things as the sayde Gr*unte made by the saide Provynce of Canterbury ; and shalbee taxed certefied collected levyed gathered and payde according to the tenor forme and effect of this present Acte of Parlament, to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes, in soch manner and forme as though yt were specially playnly and pticularly expressed and rehearsed in this Acte by expresse Words Termes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kyndes.

Provided alwayes and bee yt ennacted by thaucthorety aforesaide. That all Provisoes before rehersed conteyned in the saide Gr*unte of the Prelates and Clargie of the Provynce of Canterbury, and the lyke of the same Provysions hereafter to bee conteyned in the Gr*unte of the Prelates and Clargie of the Provynce of Yorcke, shalbe good and effectuall and to bee obfved and kept in every Poynte and Artycle according to the trewe purporte and meaning of the same.

III. Subsidy on Impropriation! may be levied on the Farmen thereof.

Distresses may be appraiied and loid.

IV.

Lav Impropriator! shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

V.

Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI. All Provisions in the Grants confirmed.

CHAPTER XV1IL (’)

An Acte of a Fifteenth and Tenthe graunted by the Temporaltye.

WE your Majesties moost humble Subjects meaning, accordyng to our moost bounden duetyes, to present unto Motives of your Ma" by way of Subsidye, some Relief for the great extraordinarie Chargf susteyned in the Defence of thi* Sub"dy > your Ma*" Dominions and Countreis against sundry daungerous Attemptf, cannot forbeare but with all humblenes ^TMarriage moost thankfully to sett before the same our moost lowly thanks for three speciall Matters procedyng from your Ma" to our Benifit Joye and Consort in this pnt Assemblee: Furst, for the moost princely consyderation had of us in the forbearing at this tyme sum portion of that which accordyng to the greatnes and necessite of your Affaires we of duetye ment and intended to have yelded unto yor Ma": Secondly, for the moost comfortable Assurance and Promesse by your Ma" made and declared unto Us that for our Weale and Suretye, your Ma" woold mary, assone as God shold gyve you oportunitie to accomplish the same, wherof We have receyved infinite Consort and shall pray to Almighty God to furder and prosper all yo' Ma"* Actions tendyng therunto, that We

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

6 N

506

8° Enz. c. 18.

A.D. 1566.

Grant of One Fifteenth and Tenth on Personalty, payable in Two Years; deducting £6,oooo for Poor Towns, See.

II.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of Parliament for the several Shires, See.;

and allotted to several Divisions;

and chargeable for the same severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery;

or in Default such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

Their Allowance

Process against them.

III.

Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Subsidy.

your moost naturall Subjects may spedely see sum Noble Issue of your Bodie to contynew perpetually by descent the Succession of this Imperiall Crowne: Thirdly, for the great Hope and Comfort we have conceaved by the meanes of your Ma1" moost honorable Speche uttered and declared unto Us of your moost gratious and princely disposition & determination, when tyme shall therunto serve conveniently, wlh the surety of your Ma"* persone and the Weale and Tranquillity of your Realme, to have due Regard to the furder stablishing of the Succession of your Imperial Crown as Lawe and Justice shall require the same, after the Succession of Thissue of yor Body ; In which your gratious Disposition and Care for Us, we moost humbly besech Almighty God to contynew your Ma"* and to prosper your Intentions and Actions, to establish that wch with Assent of your Realm in Parliament may be agreeable and consonant to Lawe and Justice, and to remayn to all Ages herafter inviolable, and to the Praise Honor and Memory of your Ma" and Yours perpetually : And that touching the Graunt of our said Subsidy, it may be enacted in Manner and Forme following; Be it Enacted, That yor Highnes, towarde the greate Charge of this yor Realme, and for the better Maynten*nce of yor Royall Estate, shall have by Aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, one XV,h and Tenthe to be payde taken and levied of the mooveable Goods Cattallf and other Thyngf usuall to suche Fyftene and Tenthe, to be contrybutorie and chargeable, w^in the Shires Cities Boroughes Townes and other Placf of this yor Majesties Realme, in maS and so'me aforetyme used ; Excepte the some of Sixe thowsande pounds therof fully to be deducted, in Releiffe Comforte and Discharge of the poore Townes Cities and Boroughes of this yor said Realme, wasted desolate or destroyed or ov greatly empov’ished, after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme byn hadde and made to ev*y Shire, and to be devided in suche man! and fourme as heretofore for one whole Fyvetene and Tenthe hathe bene had and devided ; And the seid Fyftene and Tenthe (thexcepcon and Deducc&n aforeseid thereupon had deducted and allowed) to be paid in Man! and Fo'me folowing, That is to say; The one Moytie thereof (except before excepted) to be paide to yor Highnes in the Receipte of yor Highnes Exchequier before the first day of November wch shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God 1567; And the other Moytie of the seid Fyftene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be paide to yo' Highnes in the seid Receipte of yor Escheker, before the first day of November w'h shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1568.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforeseid, That the Knightf elected and reto'ned of and for the Shyres w,hin this Realme for this psent Pliament, Citezens of Cities and Burgesies of Boroughes and Townes, where Collecto's have bene used to be named and appointed for the Collecc&n of any Fyvetene and Tenthe before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoynt onely before the last day of August in either of the seid twoe yeres, sufficient and able psones for the ColleccSn of the said sePall moyties of the seid Fyftene and Tenthe in ePy of the seid Shires Cities Borowghes and Townes, the seid psones then having Lands Tents and other Heredytamentf in his or their owne Right, of an Estate of Enheritaunce of the yerely value of x ti. or in Gooddf worth C ti. at the leste; And also such psone or psones so by them to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the sePall moyties of the seid XVth and X"1, shalbe by them sev’ally appointed and allotted into Hundredes Rapes Wapentakes Cities Borowghes and Townes; And also the seid psones so named and appointed for the Collecc&n of the seid sev’all moyties of the seid Fyftene and Tenthe, shalbe sePally charged and chargeable, upon his or their Accompte or Accomptf in Thescheker to be made, wlh the sev’all moyties of all suche some or somes of Money as the Hundredes Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amounte unto, and of no more some or somes; And upon the payment of suche somes of money as he or they shall so be charged w,h, shalbe discharged and have his and their Quietus est, the non accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notw'standing; And the Names and S'names of ev*y of the seid Collecto's for the sev’all moyties of the seid Fyftene and Tenthe during either of the said two yeres, together w,h the place allotted to their Colleccbn and Charge, the seid Knightf Citezens and Burgeses for the Shyres Cities and Boroughes whereunto they be ellected named and reto'ned shall certefie, before the Quene in her Chauncery before the Tenthe day of October in ev*y of the same two yeres, according to the teno' of this Acte: And yf defaulte of any suche certifying be had or made in so'me as is aforeseid, then the Lorde Chauncelo' of Englande or Keap of the Greate Seale for the tyme beyng, shall ymedyatly after, name and appointe Collecto's for the Collecc&n of either of the said Fyftene and Tenthe in man! and so'me as the seid Knightf of the Shire Citezens of Cities and Burgises of Borowghes shoulde have done, and as aforetyme hathe bene used; The wch seid Collecto's and ePy of them so to be named and appointed as is aforeseid, shall have Allowance upon their Accomptf for their Fees Wages and Rewardf for the Collecc&n of the moytie of the seid Fyftene and Tenthe, ratably in as large man! and so'me as any Collecto' or Collecto's of any Fyftene and Tenthe have had at any season in tyme past; And that the Barons of the Quenes Escheker for the tyme beipg shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde suche Proces for the spedy Payment of the seid sev'all moyties of the seid XV"1 and Tenthe against the Collecto' and Collecto's of the same, as by their Discrecons shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Parlyament, That the seid Lorde Chauncelo' or Keaper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beyng, Knyghtf of the Shire, Citezens of Cities and Burgeses of Boroughes Townes and other places, having aucthoritie by this psent Acte to nolate the seid Collecto's of or for the Collecd&n of the sev’all moyties of the seid Fyftene and Tenthe, shall upon their Noiac&n and Ellecc&n had and made, take by aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, sufficient Recognisauncf or Obligac&n of ev*y pson so by them to be named, to be bounde to the Quenes Ma"* in the doble some of the some of their Collecc&n, and to be indorsed upon suche condic&n, that yf the seid Collecto' or Collecto's doe truly content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma" in her Receipte of Thescheker at or before the said first day of November in evy of the seid twoo yeres, so moche of the some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n, as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and do lykewise after the seid first daye of the moneth of November in ev’y of the seid two yeres, content

Original ftoi

PENN STA'

8° Eliz. c. 18.

507

A.D. 1566.

and paye to the Quenes Ma°" use at the same Receipte, the Residue of his Collecc&n and Charge, wUlin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the seid Recognisaunce or Obliga£&n to be voide, orellf to stande in his full strength and vertuej w‘h Recognisaunce or Obligac&n so taken, the seid Knightf of the Shyre Citezens and Burgeses and ePy of them taking any suche Recognisauncf or Obligac&n, shall certefie and delyver to the Lorde Treasourer and Barons of the same Escheker before the same first day of November in ePy of the seid two yeres, upon payne of forfeiture of xti. to the Quenes Highnes for eQy Recognizance or Obligac&n so to be taken and not certefied; And that ePy suche Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make and knowlege the same Recognisaunce or Obligac&n accordynglie, upon lyke payne and forfeiture of x ti. to the Quene for his refusall therof; And that the Treasourer and Barons of the Escheker for the tyme beyng, upon the payment of the same Collecc&n at the seid Dayes, shall cancell and delyver the seid Recognisaunce or Obligac&n to the said Collecto’ or Collecto’s w’out any other Warraunt, and w'out any Fee or Rewarde to be paide to any psone for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weightie Considerac&ns aforesaide, We the Lordes Spuall and Temporal 1, and the Comons in this psent Plyament assembled, doe by o' lyke Assent and Aucthoritie of this Pliament, give and graunte to yo' Highnes o’ seid SoVaigne Lady the Quenes Majestie yo' Heyres and Successours, One entire Subsidye to be rated taxed levied and paide at two sePall Paymentf, of evy psone Spuall and Temporall, of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, according to the teno’ of this Acte, in manner and so'me folowing. That is to saye; Aswell of eQy pson borne w'^in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Dominions, as of all and ev*y Fraternytie Guilde Corporac&n Mysterie Brotherhedde and Comynaltie, corporated or not corporated, w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, beyng worthe Three pounds, for eQy pounde aswell in Coyne and the value of e^y pounde that eQy suche Psone Fraternide Guylde Corporac&n Mysterye Brotherhedde Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or their owne or any other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stocke of iSchaundizes almani of Corne and Grayne, Howsehold Stuffe and of all other Gooddf mooveable, aswell w'in the Realme as w’out, and of all suche sdmes of money as to hym or them is or shalbe owing, whereof he or they truste in his or their conscience surely to be paide, Except and oute of the pmisses deducted, suche sdmes of money as he or they owe and in his or their conscience intendeth truly to paye. And excepte also thapparell of eQy suche psones their Wyfff Sc Childern belonging to theyr owne Bodyes, (saving Juellf Gold Sylver Stone and Pearle,) shall paye to and for the first payment of the seid Subsidye xij d. of ev^y pounde, and to and for the seconde payment of the seide Subsidie x d. of ev*y pounde: And also eQy Allyen and Straunger borne oute of the Queenes obeysunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabiting w’in this Realme, of ev*y pounde that he or they have in Coyne, and the value of ev1 pounde in Plate Come Grayne Marchaundizes Household Stuffe or other Goods Juellf Cattallf movable or unmoveable as is aforesaid, aswell w’in this Realme as w’out, and of all somes of Money to hym or them owyng, wherof he or they truste in his or their conscience to be paide, Excepte and out of the same pmisses deducted ev*y suche some or sdmes of money w" he or they do owe and in his or their consciens or consciencf intende truly to paye, shall paye of and for eQy pounde to and for the first payment of the seid Subsydie Two Shillingf, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsidie Twentie Pence of ePy pounde: And also that eQy Allyen and Straunger borne oute of the Quenes Domynyons, beyng Denyzen or not Denizen, not beyng contrybutory to any the Rates aboveseid, shall pay to and for the first payment of the seid Subsydie, iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsydie, ij d. for e9y Poolle; And the M’ or he or she w* whom the same Allyen is or shalbe abyding at the tyme of the taxac&n or taxac&ns therof, to be charged w’ the same for lacke of payment therof.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforeseid, That eQy pson borne under the Quenes obeys*unce, and e9y Corporac&n Fraternytie Guylde Mystery Brotherhedde and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, for eQy pounde that eQy of the same psones, and ev*y Corporac&n Fraternytie Guylde Mysterie Brotherhedde and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, or any other to his or their use, hathe in Fee Simple Fee Tayle, for terme of Lyfe, terme of Yeres, by Execuc&n Wardship, or by Copie of Co’teroll, of and in anny Honno’s Castellf Mano’s Lands Teiitf Rents fvicf Hereditamentf Annuyties Fees Corodyes or other yerely Pffittf of the yerely value of xxs. aswell w’in auncyent Demayne and other Places priveleged or els where, and so upwardf, shall paye to and for the first payment of the seid Subsydie, xvj d. of and for eQy pounde, and to and for the seconde payment of the seid Subsydie, xvj d. of and for ePy pounde: And ev*y Allyen Denyzon or not Denyzon, borne oute of the Quenes obeysaunce, in suche case to paye at the firste of the seid paymentf, ij s. viij d. of eQy pounde, and at the seconde payment ij s. viij d. of and for eQy pounae : And that all somes p^sented and chargeable by this Acte, either for Goods and Dettf or either of them, or for Lands and Teiitf and other the p>misses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at either of the seid paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Porc&n according to the true meanyng of this Acte; (Lands and Teiitf chargeable to the Dysmes of the Clergie, and yerely Wagys due to fv’ntf for their yerely /vice, other then the Quenes fv’untf taking yerely Wages of fyve pounds or above, onely excepted and foreprised): And that all Plate Coyne Juellf Goodes Dettf and Cattallf psonallf, beyng in the Rule and Custody of any psone and psones to the use of any Corporation'Fratemitie Guilde Mysterie Brotherhedde or any Comynaltie, beyng corporate or not corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, as the value certified by the pWnters of that Certificatt of ev*y pounde in Goodes and Dettf as is aboveseid, And of eQy pounde in Lands Teiitf Annuyties Fees Corrodyes or other yerely Pffittf as is aboveseid, and the somes that are before rehersed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custody, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehersed; And the same psone or psones and Bodye Corporate by aucthoritie of this Acte, shalbe discharged against hym or them that shall

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty ; via. On Natives, if amounting to Jtj, tst Payment is. id Payment tod. in the Pound.

On Aliens, is. and lod. in the Pound.

Poll Tax of 4d. and ad. on Aliens not liable to Subsidy.

V.

Further Subsidy on Lands of aos. per Ann. and upwards, via.On Natives, 16d. On Aliens, as. 8d. at each Payment;

Exceptions

Mode of rating Personalty, &c.

L

Di

508

8°Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1566.

Exception for Ornament! of Churches, &c.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

to btpaid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« f XXIX.]

VII.

Rating of Absentees and others according to Assessments. &c.

VIII. Appointment of Commissioners for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, &c.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations j

or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyvery thereof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custody or Possessyon of the same: Except and alwayes forprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsydye, all Goods Cattellf Jewellf and Ornamentf of Churches and Chapellf, w1* have bene ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the honor and fvice of Almightie God.

And the first payment of the seid Subsydie shalbe by the aucthoride aforeseid taxed assessed and rated accordyng to this Acte, in ev’y Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Borroughe Towne and ev’y other Place w'in this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Queues Domynyons, before the Xth daye of Februarie nexte comyng; And the seconde payment of the seid Subsydie shalbe by the aucthoride aforeseid, taxed assessed and rated before the x,h day of February w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1567; and the pdculer somes of ev'y Shire Ridyng Boroughe Towne and other Places aforeseid, w* the pdculer names of suche as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the seid Subsydie, to be taxed and sett by the ComyssyoSs to the same lymytted or two of them at the leaste, w' the names of the Highe Collecto's, and in the same so'me shalbe certefied into the Quenes Escheker before the x"* day of Marche next comyng: And the pdculer somes of ev'y Shire Rydinge Boroughe Towne and other Places aforeseid, w‘ the pdculer names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the seid Subsydie, to be taxed and sett by Corny ssyon!s to the same to be lymytted or two of them at the leaste, w' the names of the Highe Collecto's, and in the same so'me shalbe certefied into the Quenes Eschequier before the Xth day of Marche, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1567; And the seid somes in so'me aforeseid to be taxed to and for the firste payment of the seid Subsydie, shalbe payde into the Quenes Receipte of her Eschequere aforeseid, to the use of o' seid Sov’aigne Lady, before the first daye of Aprill nexte comyng; and the seid s5mes in ma8 and so'me aforeseid, to be taxed for the seconde payment of the seid Subsydie, shalbe paide into the Receipte aforeseid, to the use aforeseid before the first day of Aprill, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1568; And the somes aboveseid of and for the seid Subsydie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and paide to thusa of o' seid Sov’eigne Lady her heires and successours in so'me aboveseid, aswell w'in the Lyberties Frauncheses Sanctuaries auncyent Demayne and other whatsoev’ Place, exempte or not exempte, as w'oute ; Excepte suche Shires Places and Psones as shalbe foreprised in and by this psent Acte: Anny Graunte Charter p>scrip£5n Use or Libertye by reason of any Ires Patentf, or other Pryvilege p’scripcbn Allowaunce of the same, or whatsoev5 other matter of discharge, heretofore to the contrary made gr*unted used or obteyned, notw'standing.

And It is further enacted by the aucthoritie of this p>sent Pliament, That ev’y suche pson, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeysaunce, as ev’y other psone Straunger bo'ne, Denyzon or not Denyzon, inhabydng wIhin this Realme or w’in Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, w*4 at the tyme of the seid assessyngf or taxac&ns or of either of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme and out of Wales, and have Goods or Cattellf Landes or Tents Fees or Annuyties or other pffittf w'in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificatt of the inhabitauntf of the place where suche Goods Cattellf Lands Tents or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche psone or his Facto' Depude or Atto'ney shall have his moost resorte unto w'in this Realme or in Wales, in lyke man! as yf the seid psone were or had bene at the tyme of the seid assessyng w’in this Realme j And that ev’y psone abyding or dwellyng w°*in this Realme or w'out this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsydie graunted by this Acte, accordyng and after the Rate of suche yerely substaunce or value of Lands and Tents Goods Cattellf and other the ^misses, as ev’y pson so to be charged shalbe sett at in the tyme of the seid assessyng or taxac&n upon hym to be made, and in none otherwise.

And Further Be it enacted by the aucthoride aforeseid, That for the sessyng and ordryng of the seid Subsydie to be duely had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Keap of the Greate Seale, the Lorde Tresourer of Englande, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Ma'f Howseholde, the Lorde p>sydente of the Quenes Hoqiable Counsell, and the Lorde Pryvie Seale for the tyme beyng, or two of them at the leaste, whereof the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keap of the Greate Seale for the tyme beyng to be one, shall and may name and appoint of and for ev’y Shire and Ryding and other places, aswell w'in this Realme as in Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, and also of and for ev’y Citie and Towne beyng a Countie of it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certeyne nomber of psones of e9y of the same Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wight, and ev’y other place as they shall thinck convenient, to be ComyssyoSs of and w'in the same, whereof they be Inhabitauntf; And also of and for the hoSable Howseholde of the Quenes Ma"% in what Shire or other Places the seid Householde shall happen then to be; and the Lorde Chauncello' or Lorde Keap of the Greate Seale, and other w"1 hym before named, or two of them as is aforeseid, in like man! maye name and appointe of ev’y other suche Boroughe and Towne Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales, 8c other the Quenes Domynions, as they shall thincke requisite vj. v. iiij. iij. or ij. of the hed Officers, and other honest Inhabitauntf of ev’y of the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, accordyng to the nomber and multitude of the people beyng in the same; The w*4 psones yf any suche be therunto named of the seid Inhitantf of the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beyng Counties of themselff, shalbe joyned and putt in as Comyssionls w* the psones named for suche Shires and Ridingf as the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beyng Counties in themselff, be sett and have their beyng; W*4 psones so named for and of the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate not beyng Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to putt any pte of their Comission in execuc&n for the fPmisses out of the seid Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherin they be so named onely, nor to execute the seid Comyssion -w'4in the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwelling, but at suche dayes and tymes as the seid other

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 18.

509

Comyssyonls for the same Shire and Ryding shall thereunto lymytt and appoint, w'in the same Boroughe or Towne Corporate not beyng Countie Corporate whereof they be so named, and not out of suche Boroughe or Towne ; and in that maS to be ayding and assysting w* the seid other ComyssyoSs in and for the good executing of theffecte of the seid Comissyon, upon payne of ev’y of the seid C5mission!s, so named for ev’y suche Citie Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beyng a Countie, to make suche Fyne as the seid other ComyssiorJs in the Comyssyon of and for the same Shire or Ryding so named, or Three of them at the leaste, shall by their discressyons sett and certefie into the Quenes Escheker, there to be levyed to the use of the Quenes Malk, in lyke mar3 as yf suche or like somes hadde bene sett and rated upon e9y suche psone for the seid Subsydie; The w'* ComissioSs so named of and for the seid Cities Boroughes and Townes not beyng Counties, and onely putt in the seid Comissions by reason of their dwellyng in the same, shall not have any pte of the porc&n of the Fees and Rewardf of the C5myssionl and their Clerkes in this Acte afterwarde specyfied and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncello' of England or the Keap of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme beyng, shall make and directe oute of the Co'te of the Chauncery under the Greate Seale, several! Comyssyons, that is to saye. To ev’y Shire Redyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Boroughe Isle and Householde, unto suche psone and psones as by his discressyon and any of the other w‘ hym afore named and appoynted, as is afore rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessyng and levying of the seid Subsydie in all Shires and Places according to the true meanyng of this Acte; Wche Comyssyon for the first payment of the seid Subsydie, shalbe directed and delyvW to the seid ComissyoSs or to one of them before the xx® day of January nexte c5myng; And the Comyssion for the seconde payment of the seid Subsydie, shalbe directed and delyved to the seid Comyssyonis or one of them before the xx*1 day of January, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1567. And to ev’y of the seid Comyssyons tenne Scedules conteynyng in them the teno' of this Acte shalbe affiled; By w* Cdmyssion the Cdmyssiorts in ev’y suche Comissyon named according to this Acte, and asmany of them as shalbe appointed by the seid Comyssion, shall have full power and aucthoritye to putt theffecte of the same Cdmyssion in execucon: And that by thaucthoritie of this Acte, after suche Comissions to them directed, they may by their assentf and agreamentf sever themselff for the execuc&n of their Comission, in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Pisshes and other Places w'in the Lymittf of their seid Comissyon, in suche so'me as to them shall seme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comoned and agreed, according to the teno' and effecte of the Comissyon to them therin directed, upon wch sev’aunce ev’y psone of this p>sent Pliament that shalbe Comyssyon! shalbe assigned in the Hundred where he awelleth: Provided alwayes, that no psone be or shalbe compelled to be any Comissyon! to and for the execuc&n of this p>sent Acte, but onely in the Shire where he dwelleth and inftiteth ; And that any psone beyng assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise, shall not be compelled to putt in execuc&n theffecte of this Acte or any pte thereof.

And it is also enacted by the aucthoritie of this p>sent Pliament, That the ComyssioSs and ev’y of them w* shalbe named lymyted and appointed accordyng to this Acte to be C.omyssioSs in ev’y suche Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Boroughe Isle and the seid Howseholde or any other place, and none other, shall truely effectually and diligently for their pte execute theffecte of this jPsent Acte according to the teno' thereof in ev’y behalfe, and none otherwise by any other meanes, w'out omyssyon favo1 dreade malice or any other thing to be attempted and done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof: And the seid Comyssioners and asmany of them as shalbe appointed by the seid Comission, and none other, for thexecucon of the seid Comyssyon and Acte, shall for the taxation of the seid first payment of the seid Subsydie, before the laste daye of January nexte comyng, and for the taxac&n of the seid seconde payment of the seid Subsydie, shall before the last day of January w® shalbe in the yere of or Lorde God 1567, by vertue of the Comission delyv’ed unto them in so'me aforeseid, directe their sev’all or joynte p*cepte or pkreptf unto viij. vij. vj. v. iiij. three or two, as for the nomber of the Inhitauntf shalbe requisite, of the moost substanciall discrete and honest psons Inhabitauntf, to be named by the seid ComyssioSs or by as many of them as shalbe appointed by the seid C5mission, of and in Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Pisshes Townes and other Places, aswell w'in Lyberties Fraunchesies Auncyent Demaynes Places exempted and Sanctuaries as w'out, w'in the Lymittf of the Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes or Isle aforeseid, and other places win the Lymyttf of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other lyke Officers or Mynisters of ev’y of the seid Hundredes Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Places beforeseid, as to the seid ComyssyoSs and ev’y nomber of them or unto three or two of them by their discressions in devic&n shall seme expedient, as by the man! and use of those pties shalbe requisite; Streightly by the same p*septe charging and comaundyng the same Inhabitauntf Constables and other Officers aforeseid, to whome suche pkepte shalbe so directed, to appere in their ppre psons before the seid C5myssioSs or suche nomber of them as they shall devide themselff, according to the teno' of the seid Comyssyon, at certen dayes and places by the seid ComyssionJs or any nomber of them as is aforeseid, w'in Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate or w'out in any other Place as is aforeseid, by their discressyons shalbe lymyted thereunto, to doe and accomplishe all that to them on the ptie of the Quenes Ma,k shalbe enjoyned towching this Acte; Comaundyng further by the same precepte, that he to whose Handes suche preceptf shall come, shall shewe or delyver the same to the other Inhabitauntf or Officers named in the same precepte; And that none of them fayle to accomplishe the same, upon payne of xl s. to be forfeyted to the Quenes Majestie.

And it is further ordeyned by the auctority of this psent Pliament, That at the seid daye and place prefixed and lymited in the seid precepte, every of the Comyssioners then beyng in the Shire, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the day and place prefixed for that parte whereunto he was lymited, shall appeare in his propre pson, and there the same C.omissioners beyng present, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Quenes Ma'"‘ Comyssion,

6 O

Commitrionj shall !>c issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX. Commissioners shall act without Favour, tec.;

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, tec. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s.

' Original from

510

8° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1566.

and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property rateable to the said Subsidies; on Penalty of /£;.

Charges of the Commissioners to such Inquirers;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates by such Inquirers;

Penalty of 4c*. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Summoning Parties under, rated;

to be examined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

shall call or cause to be called before them the seid Inhabitauntf and Officers to whome they have directed their saide Preceptf, and wch had in comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the seid Precept: And yf any peon so warned make defalte, unles he then be letted by sicknes or laufull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by the Othes of two credible psons, or yf any appearing, refuce to serve in so'me folowyng, then every suche pson so making defalte or refusing to serve, shall forfaite to the Quenes Ma6' xl s.; and so at every tyme appointed by the seid C5myssioners for the same Taxac&n, unto such tyme the nomber of every suche psons have appeared and certefied in so'me under written, ev’y of them so making defalte or refusing so to serve shall forfayte to the Quenes Ma* xl s: And upon the same Appearaunce had, they shalbe charged before the ComissioSs by all convenyent wayes and meanes, other then by Corporall Othe, to enquyre of the best and moost value of the Substaunce of every pson dwelling and abyding w,hin the lymittf of the places that they shalbe charged w"1, and of other wck shall have his or their moost resorte unto any of the seid Places, and chargeable w"1 any s5me of Money by this Acte of this seid Subsedie, and of all other Things requysite touching the seid Acte, and according to the entent of the same ; and therupon as nere as it may be, or shall come to their knowlege, truly to p>sent and sertefie before the seid ComyssioSs the names and surnames and the best and uttermoost substaunce and values of every of them, aswell of Lands Tents and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Proffittf as of Goods Cattellf Dettf & other Things chargeable by the same Acte, w^out any Concealment Love Favo' Affecc&n Dreade or Malice, upon payne of forfeyture of v ii. or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in so'me as hereafter in this p>sent Act shalbe lymited or appointed ; and therupon the seid Cdmyssioners shall openly theare reade or cause to be- read unto them the seid Rates in this Acte menc&ned, and openly declare theffect of their charge unto them, in what ma9 and so'me they ought and should make their Certeficatf, according to the Rates and Somes therof aboveseid, and of almanl of psons, aswell of Alyens and Straungers Denyzens or not Denyzens inhabiting w'hin this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte ; and of the Possessions Goods and Cattellf of Fraternyties Guyldf Corporac&ns Brotherhedf Mysteries and Comynalties and other as is aboveseid, and of psons beyng in the pties of beyond the Seas,

having Goods and Cattellf Lands or Tents wu,in this Realme as is aforeseid, and of all Goods beyng in the

Custody of anny pson or psons, to thuse of any other as is aboveseid ; by the w"1 InformacSn and

shewyng, the seid psons should have such playne knowlege of the true entent of this p'sent Acte, and of

the manner of their Certeficath, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after suche Charge, and the Statute of the seid Subsedie, and the man! of the seid Certificath to be made in wryting conteyning the names and surnames of every psone, and whether he be borne w^out the Quenes Obeysaunce or w^in, and the best value of every pson in every degree, aswell of yerelie value of Lands and Tents and of such like possessions and proffittf, as the value of Goods and Cattellf Dettf and every thing to their Certeficath requesite and necessary to them declared, the seid Comyssioners there beyng, shall by their discressions appoynt and lymytt unto the seid psons another daye and place to appeare before the seid Comyssioners and charging the seid psons, that they in the meane tyme shall make dylligent enquyrie by all wayes and meanes

of the jPmisses, and then and there every of them, upon payne of forfeyture of xl s. to the Quenes Ma*, to appere at

the seid newe plfixed day and place, ther to s'tefie unto the seid Comyssioners in wryting according to their seid charge, and according to the true entent of the seid Graunt of Subsedie, and as to them in ma9 aforesayd hathe byn declared and shewed by the CornyssioSs: At w"1 day and place so to them prefixed, yf any of the seid psons

make defalte, or appere and refuse to make the seid Certificath, that then e9y of them so offending, to forfeyt to the

Quenes Ma* xl s. Except there be a reasonable excuse of his defalte, by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Othes of two credyble psons there witnessed: And of such as appeare ready to make Certyficath as is aforeseid, the seid Comyssioners there beyng, shall take and receyve the same Certeficath and ev’y pte therof, and the names values and substaunce of ev*y pson so certefied; and yf the same Comyssioners see cause reasonable, they shall examyn the seid jPsenters thereof, and thereupon the seid ComyssioSs at the seid dayes and place by their agreament amonge themselff, shall from tyme to tyme openly there pffixe a daye at a certeyne place or placf w^in the lymittf of their Comission by their discression, for their further pceding to the seid assessing of the same Subsedy: and therupon at che seid daye of the seid Certificath as is aforeseid taken, the same Comyssioners shall make ther p>cept or p>ceptf to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforeseid, as the same Comyssioners shalbe of, comprysing and conteyning in the same p^cept the names and surnames of all psons presented before them in the seid Certyficath, of whome yf the seid ComyssioSs, or asmany of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Quenes Comyssion, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattellf or somes of Money owvng to them, or other substaunce beforeseid, then uppon suche psone or psons shalbe s'tefied, the same Comissions shall make their precept or preceptf, directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, edmaunding the same Constable Baylifff or other Officers to whome suche preceptf shalbe directed, to warne such psons whose names shalbe comprised in the seid precept, at their Mansions or to their psons, that the same psons named in such preceptf and every of them, shall psonally appeare before the seid ComyssioSs at the same newe prefixed daye and place, there to be examined by all wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) by the seid Comyssioners, of their greatest substaunce and best value, and of all and every somes of Money owyng to them, and other whatsoev* matter consenting the pmisses or any of them according to this Acte: At wch day and place so pffixed, the seid Comyssioners then and there beyng, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appointed by the Quenes Comyssion, shall cause to be called the seid psons whose names shalbe comprysed in the seid p>cepte as is beforeseid, for their examynacon; And yf anny of those psons wdl shalbe be warned as is beforeseid to be examyned, wch at any tyme after the wamyng and before the Infixed daye shalbe wlhin suche place where he may have knowlege of his seid appearaunce to be made, make

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 18.

511

defalte and appeare not, unles a resonable cause or els a reasonable excuse by the Othes of two credible p6ons before the seid Comyssioners be truly alledged for his discharge, that then ePy of them so makinge defalte, to be taxed and charged to the Quenes Ma'1' wlh and at the doble somes of the Rate that he should or ought to have byn sett at, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substaunce upon hym certefied yf he had appeared, by the discression of the Comyssioners there beyng; W* Comyssioners shall travell wth every of the other psons so then and there appearing, whose names shalbe expressed in the seid pcepte or pceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in so'me aboveseid, by all such wayes and meanes they can, other then by Corporall Othe, for their better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, either ells in Goods or Dettf: And that ev*y Sprituall psone at either of the seid taxafftns of the sad Subseidy, shalbe rated and sett according to the Rate aboveseid, of and for every pounde that the same Spirituall psone or any other to his use hathe by Discent Bargayne or Purchace, in Fee Symple Fee Tayle Terme of Life Terme of Yeres by Execution by Warde or by Coppy of Courte Roll in any Manno'f Lands TeHtf Rents s'vicf Offices Fees Corrodies Annuyties or Hereditamentf, after the true just and yerely value therof, and according as other the Quenes Ma' Subjects borne w,hin this Realme be charged in so'me above remembred, soe that it extende to the yerelie value of xx s. or above.

And It is further enacted, That yf the seid Taxo" and Assesso'f shall not duely behave themselff in their Enquyrie Taxation Assesment or Certeficat, but shall affeccionatly corruptly or pcyally demeane themselff in that behalfe, in such wise that the Comyssioners shall by their Consideration deeme them Offendo'f worthie of punishment for not doyng their Dueties therein, that then sour or more of the ComyssioSs in that County for this Subsedy, shall have power and auctoritye by their discressions, either to charge the seid Assessours upon their Corporall Othes for the better service aforeseid in that behalfe, orellf by their discressions to tax & sett uppon everie of the seid Assessours for their Mysdemeano's in that behalfe, suche a Fyne or Payne as they shall think good, so that it excede not the some of x fi. and the same Fyne or Payne at their discressions to estreat into the Court of Escheker; every wrt Fyne so taxed and sett by sour of the seid ComyssioSs or more, and beyng estreated w,h the Scedull or Bookes of that Lymitt shalbe levyed and aunswered to the Quenes use, in like mart and so'me to all intentf and purposes as any other some that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Estatute and Acte of Subsedie, and not in any other wise or manner : And yf any parsone certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be Comyssioner or other, to any maS of value, dothe fynde hymselfe greyed wth the same Presentment sessing or taxing, and therupon complayne to the ComyssioSs before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed or before two of them, before the same Taxacon be certefied into the Court of Escheker, That then the seid ComyssioSs, or two of them, shall by all wayes and meanes, examyn pticulerly and destinctlye the psone soe complayning, upon his Othe, and other his neighbo'f by theyr dyscressions, of every his I.andf and Tenementf above specified, and of every his Goods Cattellf and Dettf above menc&ned ; And after due examynafon and pfect knowlege therof had and pceyved by the seid ComysioSs, or two of them, wch shall have power by auctorytie aforeseid, the seid ComyssioSs or two of them to whome any suche Complaynt shalbe made, by theyr discression, uppon the Othe of the seid psone so complayning, maye abate defalke increase or inlarge the same Assesmente according as it shall appere unto them just upon the same examynacftn; And the same some so abated defalked increassed or inlarged, shalbe by them estreated in fourme as hereafter ensueth : And yf it be proved by wytnes or by the pties owne confessyon or other laufull wayes or meanes, w^in a yeare after any such Othe made, that the same pson so taxed and swome was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Thinges above specified at the tyme of his seid Othe, than the same psone soe swome did declare upon his seid Othe, that then everie such pson so offending shall loose and forfeyte to the Quenes Ma,y so moche in laufull money of England as he the same psone so swome was sett at or taxed to pay.

And also it is enacted by the same aucthoritie, That every pson to be rated at the seid Taxacon as is aforeseid, shalbe rated taxed and sett, and the some on hym sett to be levyed, at such Place where he and his famely at the tyme of the same presentment to be made, shall kepe his Howse or Dwelling, or where he then shalbe most conrsant abyding or resyaunt or shall have his moost resorte at the tyme of the seid Certificat to be made, and no where ells; and that no Comyssioner for this Subsedy shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire and other Place where he shalbe Comyssyoner; And that yf any pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyma of the same assessing, happen to be out of this Realme and out of Walles or farre from the Place

where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett where he was last abyding in this Realme or w,hin Wales, and after the

substaunce value and other Proffittf of everie pson, to be knowen by Thexamynac&n Certeficat or other manner of wise as is aforeseid: And that the seid ComyssioSs, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma*»" Comyssion or Comyssions, shall after the Rate and Rates aforeseid, cause everie pson to be sett rated and taxed according to the Rate of the substaunce and value of his Lands Goods Cattellf and other Proffittf chargeable by this Acte, whereby the greatest and most best some or s5mes accordinge to his most substaunce by reason of this Acte might or may be sett or taxed: And that every pson taxed in any County or Place other then where he is moost resyant or hathe his Famely, or in any County or Place other then where he is a ComyssyoS for this Subsedy yf

he be a Comyssyoner, upon Certeficat made to the seid Co'te of Escheker, under Thandf and Seales of Two

Comyssioners for the Subsedy in the same County or Place where such pson is moost ressyant or hathe his Famely, or where he is a Comyssion! for the Taxacbn and Payment of this Subsedy, testefyeng such moost Resyancy having of Famely or beyng a ComyssyoS, shalbe a sufficient Discharge for the Taxacon of that pson in all other Places, and of and for all other Somes of Money upon such pson so set and taxed, save onely the Taxacon made in that County or Place from wch such Certeficath shalbe made as aforeseid and for the Some of Money upon such pson there assessed

Parties appearing shall be examined;

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

XL

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, See. not exceeding £ to.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,See. may decrease or increase Charges.

Penalty on Evasion on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XII.

Partiesahall be rated where dwelling, fee.

Commissioners within Shirea; Absentees where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, 8tc.

Relief against Double Charges.

512

8° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1566.

XIII. Person* rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XVI. Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, &c.

XVII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

or taxed; And that such Certeficath w'Njut any Plee or other Circumstaunce shalbe a sufficient Warraunt, as well to the Barons and Audito' and Audito's of the seid Courte of Escheker as to all and everie other Officers to whome the Allowance therof shall appteyne; payeng for suche Discharge and Allowance only sixe pence and no more.

Provyded alwayes, That every such psOne wch shalbe rated or taxed according to thentent and true meanyng of these Acte, for payment of and to this Subsedy for and after the yerelie value of his Lands Tenementf and other Reell Possessions or Proffittf at any of the seid taxac&ns, shall not after be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattellf or other his moveable Substaunce at the same taxac&n; And that he that shalbe sett charged or taxed for the same Subsedy for his Goods Cattellf and other Moveables at any of the seid taxac&ns, according to the true meanyng of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf aboveseid at the same Taxacons nor any of them; Nor that any pson by any Taxac&n be dooble charged for the seid Subsedy nor sett nor taxed at se^all Places by reason of this Acte; But yf any psone happen to be dooble sett taxed or charged either in one place or at sev^al 1 places, then he to be discharged of thone taxac&n and charged w* thother, according to the meaning and intent of this Acte; Anny thing conteyned in this psent Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that it be ordeyned and enacted by the seid aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, That no pson having two Mansyons or two Places to resorte unto, or calling hymselfe howseholde serv*nt or wayting serv*nt to the Quenes Ma'r or other Lorde or Lady Maister or Misteres, be excused upon his sayeng from the taxes of the seid Subsedye in neyther of the Places where he may be sett or taxed, unles he bryng a Certeficath in Wryting from the Comyssyonls where that he is so sett or taxed in deade at one place; And yf any pson that ought to be sett and taxed to this psent Subsedy by reasone of his removing or resorting to two Places, or by reason of his saying that he elswhere was taxed, or by reason of any previledge by his dwelling or abyding in any Place not beyng foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his coven or crafte, or by any words or sayengf, Or yf any that is a Comyssyoner or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the seid Taxac&ns of this Subsedy or any of them, and be not sett and taxed according to the true entent of this Acte, and that proved by psentment Examynac&n Informac&n or otherwise before the seid Comyssioners, or two of them, or before the Barons of the Quenes Ma'f Escheker, or two Justices of the Peace of the County where suche psone dwelleth, Then every such psone that by such meanes or otherwise willingly by covyn or w^out just cause shall happen to escape from the seid Taxacons or Paymentf aforeseid, or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowlege and proofe therof wth and at the dooble value of so moche as he should might or ought to have byn sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte: And the same doble value to be levied gathered and payd of his Goods and Cattellf Lands and Tents towards the seid Subsedy, and further to be punished according to the discresions of the Barons Justices and C5myssioners before whome he shalbe convicted, for his Offence and Deceipte in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritye aforeseid. That the seid Comyssyoners in every Comyssion, shall accordinge to the’ Devisions and after they be devided, have full power and auctority by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse every other Comyssioner joyned w11' them in every such Comyssion and Devysion, and shall also assesse every Assessour wlhin theyr Devysion for his and their Goods Lands and other the pmisses as is aboveseid; By the w* seid Comyssion the seid Comyssionls shall indifferently sett taxe and assesse themselff and the seid Assessours; And that aswell the somes upon e9y of the seid Comyssioners and Assessours so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and presented by the psenters sworne as is aboveseid, shalbe wrytten certefied sett and estreated and the Estreatf therof to be made wth other the Inhabitauntf of that pties w"‘in the Lymittf of the same C5myssion and Devision so to be gathered and levyed, in lyke maner as it ought or shoulde have byn yf the seid Comyssyorils had not bene in the seid Comyssion.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barrens, and every Estate above, shalbe charged w"1 ther freeholde and value as is aboveseid, by the Chauncello'. or Lorde Reaper of the Greate Seale of England, the Highe Treazowrer of England for the tyme beyng, and other such persons as by the Quenes Ma,y" aucthoritye or comaundement shalbe named and appoynted; and they to be charged for the seid sevall paymentf of the seid Subsedy after the fourme of the seid Graunte accordinge to the Taxac&n aforeseid; and the somes of and upon them to be sett and taxed w,h the names of the Collectours appointed for the gathering and payeng of the same, to be estreated delyvW and certefied, at dayes and places above specified, by the Lorde Chauncello' or Reaper of the Great Seale and Treazowrer and other such psons as therunto shalbe named.

And be it further enacted by the auctoritye aforeseid, That after the Taxes & Assesses of the seid somes, uppon and by the seid assessing and Certyficath as is aforeseid made by the seid Comyssioners or as many of them as shalbe therunto appoynted and have aucthoritie by the Quenes Ma’f Comyssion, shall w*1 all spede and w"'out delay by the wryting estreated of the seid Taxe therof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the seid Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted at the least, shalbe delyvered unto sufficient and substancyall Inhabitauntf Constables Subconstables Bayliff f and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Pisshes and other Places aforeseid w"4n their Lymites, or to other sufficient psones Inhabitauntf of the same only by the discression of the seid Comyssyorils and as the place and pties shall requyre, aswell the pticuler Names and S'names, as the remembraunce of all somes of Money taxed and sett of and upon every pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Householders and all other Inhabitauntf and Dwellers w^in the seid Pisshes Townes and Places contrybutory to this Acte of Subsedy;

I

r

A.D. 1566. 8° Eliz. c. 18. 513

By aucthorytie of w* wryting or estreate so delyPed the seid Officers, and other Psons so named and deputed,

IsePally shall have full power and auctoryrie by vertue of this Acte, ymediatly after the delyv’ie of the seid wryting or estreat, to demaunde levy and gather of every pson therin specified, the some and somes in the same wryting or estreate comprised; And for nonpayment therof to destreyne the same psone or psons so beyng behindc by their Goods and Cattellf, and the Distres so taken to kepe by the space of eight dayes at the Costs and Chargf of the Owner therof; And yf the seid Owner doe not pay suche some of money as shalbe taxed by aucthority of this Acte, w^in the same eight dayes, then the same Distres to be appresed by iiij iij or ij of the Inhabitauntf where suche Distres is taken, and also then to be solde by the seid Constable or other Collecto'f for the payment of the seid money, And the Overplus comyng of the sale and keping therof (yf any be) to be ymediatly restored to the Owner of the same Distres; Wch seid Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levy the seid s5mes, shall answere and be charged for the porcbn only to them assigned and lymytted, to be gathered levyed and comprised in the seid wryting or estreat so to them as is aforeseid delyv^cd, to the use of o' SoPaigne Lady the Quenes Mal* and her Heires and Successours; and the seid sdme in that wryting or estreate comprysed, to pay unto the highe Collecto' or Collecto'f of that place for the Colleccyon of the same, in maner and fourme under wrytten therunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitauntf and Officers so gathering the same pticuler somes, for their Colleccbn therof shall reteyne for every xx s. so by them receyved and payd, two pence, and that to be allowed at the payment of their Colleccbn by them to be made to the highe Collecto' or Collecto'f.

And Further be it enacted by the seid aucthorytie. That the seid Comyssyoners, or the more pte of them as shall take Commissioner* upon them the execucbn and busynes of the seid Comyssion, shall for every of the same paymentf of the seid £j?"(

Subsedy, name suche sufficient and able psones wch then shall have and possede Lands and other Hereditamentf in fur receiving the

theyr owne Right, of the yerelie value of xxti. or Goods to the value of CC. Marks at the leaste, in Shires Sums so lened.

Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, aswell wu,in places prevyleged

as w^out, not beyng foreprised w"*in this Acte, to be highe Collectours and to have their Colleccyon and Receipte of

the seid somes sett and levyable wUlin the precynct lymitte and boundes where they shalbe so lymited and appoynted

to be Highe Collecto'f ; And to every of the seid Collectours so severally named, the seid Comyssyoners or two of them

at the least, w,b all spede and without delay after the seid wholle some of any payment of the seid Subsedy be sett

by all the lymyttf of the same their CSmyssion, or in such lymittf as the highe Collectours shalbe so severallye

assigned, shall under their Sealles and Signes Manuell, delyver one estreate indented in Parchement, comprising in

it the names of all suche parsons as were assigned to levy the seid pticuler somes, and the somes of every Hundred

Wapentake Towne or other Place aforeseid, w4 the Names and Surnames of the parsons so chargeable, according

to the Estreate so first thereof made- and delivered as is aforeseid : And the Collecto'f so to be assigned, shalbe

charged to answere the wholle some comprised in the seid Estreat lymyted to his colleccbn as is aforeseid.

Provyded alwayes and be yt enacted by thaucthorytye aforesayde, That the sayde Comissioners havinge aucthorytye by this Acte to name and nominate the seide highe Collectors of the sayde Subsedy, shall yiiicdyatly uppon the nomynacbn and eleccbn take by aucthorytye of this psent Parlyament suffycyent Recognizaunces or Obligacbns, wthout any Fee or Rewarde to be payde therefore of ePy pson, so by them to be named to be heigh Collector, to be bounden to the Quenes Maygestye in the doble some of the some of his Colleccbn, and to be endorsed and made uppon suche Condycbn, that is to saye ; For the colleccbn of the sayde first payment of the sayde Subsedy, that yf the sayde Collector his Heyers or Executo's doe truely contente and paye to the use of the Queenes Ma,K her Heyers or Successors in the Receipte of the sayde Escheker, at or before the sayde fyrste daye of Aprell next ensuynge soe moche of the seide sume of Money allotted and appoynted to his Colleccbn, as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Resydue of his Colleccbn and Charge w'"in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Resydue, That then the sayde Recognyzaunces or Obligacbns to be voyde, orellf to stande in full strengthe and vertewe; And for the Colleccbn of the seconde payment of the sayde Subsedy, uppon condicbn that yf the seyde Collecto' his Heyers or Executo's doe truly contente and paye to the use of the Queenes Ma* her Heyers or Successo's in her Receipte of Thescheker at or before the first daye of Apriell whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God a thousand fyve hundreth threescore and eyght, soe muche of the seyde some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Colleccbn, as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Resydue of his Colleccbn and Chardge wu,in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Resydue, That then the seyde Recognizaunce or Obligacbn to be voyde or el If to stande in full strengthe and vertue; W" seyde sev'all Recognyzaunces or Obligacbns soe taken the sayde Comyssyoners shall severally certyfye and delyver into the Queenes Maua Escheker w,h the sev’all Certyfycatf of the seyde Taxacbns and Rates of the paymentf of the seyde Subsedy, at and by the tyme to theym prescrybed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certyfycate of the seyde sev^all Taxacbns of the seyde Subsedy, uppon payne of forfayture of ten pounds to the Queenes Ma"' for ev*y Recognizaunce or Obligacbn not certyfyed: And that every suche Collector soe ellected named and chosen, upon Request to hym made, shall knowledge and make the seyde Recognizaunce or Obligacbn uppon lyke payne and forfeyture of tenne pounds to the Queenes Ma'" for the Refusall thereof; And evye Collector soe deputed havinge the seide Estreate in Vehement as ys aforesayde, shall have aucthorytye by this Acte to appoynt Dayes and Places w"'in the Circuite of his Colleccbn for the payment of the seide Subscdye to him to be made, and thereof to geve waminge by Proclamacbn or otherwyse to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabitauntes havynge the Charge of the pticuler Colleccbn w"'in the Hundredes Paryshes Townes or other Places by hyin or them lymitted, to make payment for the sayde pticuler Colleccbn of eyerie some as to theme shall apptayne; And yf at the same Daye and Place soe lymyted and prefyxed by the sayde Heigh Collector the sayde Constable

XIX.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pa\ Sums received by tlicm. to be certitied into the Excliequer by the Commissioners; Penalty jL'io.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, Sic. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

Vou IV.

6 P

’ b>

514

8° Eliz. c. 18

A.D. 1566.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

Offycers or other Psons or Inhabytauntf as ys aforesayde for the said ptyculer Collecc&n assigned and appoynted w""in suche Hundrede Cytye Towne or other Place doe not paye unto the sayde Heigh Collectors the s5me w^in theyre several! Hundredes Townes Paryshes and other Places due and comprysed in the sayde Estreate therof to them delyvered by the sayde Comyssioners or some of them as ys aforsayde, or somoch thereof as they have by any meane receaved (two pence of everye pounde for the sayde pticuler Collecc&n as is aforesayde alwayes to be therof alowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the seyde High Collectors and every of them and to there Assignes, to dystreyne everye of the sayde Constables Offycers and other Inhabifntf for there sayde severall and pticuler Collec£8n of the seyde somes comprysed in the sayde Estreate and Wrytynge thereof to them and everye of them as ys before expressed delyvered, or forasmuche of the same sume as soe then shall hapen to be gathered and levyed and behinde and unpayde, by the Goods and Cattellf of ev'ye of them so beinge behinde; And the Dystres soe taken to be kepte appresed and soulde as ys aforesayde, and thereof to take and Ievye the sumes soe then beinge behynde & unpayde ; And the overpluse comynge of the Sale of the sayde Dystrese (yf any be) to be restored and delyvered unto the Owner in fourme above remembred.

Assessors and Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

Provyded allwayes. That noe pson inhabetynge in any Cetye Borough or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any pte of the seyde Subsedye in any Place or Places oute of the sayde Cytye Borough or Towne Corporate wher he dwelleth.

In case ofD«ath,&c. -And yt ys alsoe by the sayde aucthorytye enacted, That yf any Inhabytant or Offycer or whatsoever pson or of Collectors, or psons charged to and for the Collecc&n or Receipte of any Pte or Porsion of the sayde Subsedye by any

fcTthemiel»eslble tnaner of Meanes, accordynge to this Acte, or any psone or psons for themselves, or as Keper Garden Depude

and others, and Factor or Atourney of or for any other Pson or Psons, of any Goods and Cattells of the Owner therof

sufficient Distress / 1 . '

not forthcoming. at the tyme of the sayde Assessynge to be made, beinge owte ol this Realme, or in anye other Ftyes not

shif/be^ffiKhar*ed knowne, or °f and for the Goods and Cattells of any other Pson or Psons of anye Corporac&n Fratemytye

of the Money due Mystery or other whatsoever Comyaltye, being Incoporate or not Incorporate, and all Psons havynge in their

Rule Govem'nce and Custody, any Goods or Cattellf at the Tyme of the sayde Assessinge, or any of theim to be made; Or wch for any Cause for and by Collecc&n, or for himselfe, or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Govemaunce or Custodye of any Goods or Cattellf of any other Pson or Psons Corporacon Comonalty Fraternitye Guylde or Mysterye, or any suche other lyke, or as Factor Debuty or Attourneye of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to any sume or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the Taxac&n or Assessinge upon any suche Psone or Psones as shalbe charged w,h the Recepte of the same, hapen to dye or departe from the place where he was soe taxed and set, or his Goods or Cattellf be soe eloyned, or in suche prevye and coverte maner kepte as the sayde pson or psons charged w1*1 the same, by Esteratf or other Wrytingf from the sayde Comyssioners, or as many of theyme as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the sayde C5myssyon as ys aforesayde, can ne maye leavye the same sume or sumes comprysed w,hin the same Estreatf by Distres w,kin the Lymettf of ther collecc&n as ys aforesayde, or cannot selle suche Dystresse or Dystresses as be taken for any of the sayde paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the high Collector, for his payment to be made in the Queenes Mall*

Recepte, then upon relac&n therof w"1 due examynac&n by the othe or examynac&n of suche pson or psons as shalbe

charged w4 and for the receypte and collecc&n of the same before the sayde Comyssioners, or as many of them as by the sayde Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted wher suche pson or psons or other as ys aforesayde, their Goods and Cattellf were sett and taxed, and upon playne Sertyfycat thereof made in the Queenes Ma'1'* Eschequar by the same Comyssioners, aswell of the dwelling place names and sumes of the sayde psons of who the sayde sumes cannot be levyed and had as ys aforesayde, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabitauntf appoynted for the said pticuler Collecc&n, agaynste the high Collectors as the high Collector upon his Accompte and Othe in the sayde Excheker to be dyscharged therof; and proces to be made for the Quenes Ma4* owte of the sayde Excheker, by the discrec&n of the Barons of the sayde Excheker, agaynste suche pson, his Heyers or Executo's so beinge Commissioners may behinde w4 his payment; And over that, that the same Comyssyoners to whome suche Declarac&n of the Premysses

to11e»y"uch^Cums' shalbe made in fourme aforesayde, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and auctorytye to dyrecte their

by Distress^on p>cepte or p>ceptf unto the sayde pson or psons charged w1" any sume of for and upon anye suche pron or psons

Stc^oPparties'*' or other as ys aforesayde, or to any Sheryfe Stuard Balyfe or other whatsoever Offycer Mynister pson or psons of

retain’ the°»me suche place or places wher any suche pson or psons soe owynge suche some or somes shsll have Lands and Tenementf

out of their Rents, or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattellf, whereby any suche pson or psons so indetted, his

&c- Heyers Execuf or Assignes, or other havynge the Custodye Govem*nce or Disposic&n of any Goods Cattellf Lands

or Tenementf or other Heredytamentf whiche ought or maye by this Acte lawfully be dystrened or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Cattellf Land Tents or other Possessions wherof suche some or somes whiche by any suche pson or psons may or oughte to be levyed, be it w,hin the Lymettf of suche Comyssion where suche pson or psons was and were taxed or w'bout, in any place w^in this Realme of Englande Walls or other the Queenes Ma"" Domynions Marches or Terrytoryes; By whiche Precept aswell suche pson or psons as shalbe charged to

Ievye suche Money, as the Officers of the Place or Places where suche Dystres may be taken, shall have full Power

and auctorytye to destrene every suche pson indetted charged & chargeable by this Acte, or his Executo's or Admistr of his Goods and Cattellf, his Gardens Facto's Deputies Lesses Fermors and Assign, and all other persons by whose

Handes or out of whose Landes any suche psons shoulde have Rente Fee Annuytye or other pfet, or whiche at the

tyme of the sayd assessinge shall have Goods or Catteles or any other thynge moveable of any suche pson or p6ons

beynge indebted or owynge suche s5me; And the Dystres so taken cause to be kepte appresed and solde in

lycke maner and forme as ys aforsayde for the Dysteres to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the sayde

from »uch Parties and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

8° Eliz. c. 18.

515

A.D. 1566.

Subsedy, and beynge sufficyent to dystrene w'^in the Lymyttes of the Collectors Inhabitaunce or other Officers charged wu or for the same sumes soe upon them to be taxed; And yf any suche Dystres for none payment happen to be taken out of the Lymytte of the sayd psons charged and assigned to levy the same, the psons so charged for the levy of any suche sumes by Dystres, shall pceyve and take of the same Dystres for the Labour of every pson goenge for the execu£6n therof, for every Myle that any suche p6on so laboreth for the same Two pence; And every Farmor Tenaunte Gardyan Factor or other whatsoever pson beynge dystrened or otherwyse charged for payment of any suche sume or sumes, or any other sume by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche sume or sumes of hym or them so levyed taken dyscharged and acquyted at his next daye of payment of the same, or at the delyvery of suche Goods and Cattellf as he that ys so dystrayned had in his Costodye and Govemaunce, agaynste hym or them that shalbe so taxed and set; Any Graunte or Wrytynge obligatorye or other whatsoever Matter to the conterary made heretofore notw^standynge. And yf any suche p6one that shoulde be soe dystrayned have no Landes or Tenementf sufficyent, whereby he or his Tenauntes and Farmours may be dystrayned, or have aloyened or hyd his Goods and Catteles whereby he shoulde or myght be deystrayned in suche maner that suche Goods and Cattellf shall not be knowen or founde, so that the sume of or by him to be payde in the sayde fourme shall nor can be convenyently levyed, then uppon relacion therof to the Comissioners or to as many of them as by the sayde Commission shalbe therunto appoynted, where suche pson or persons was taxed and sett by the othes of him or them that shalbe charged withe the levye and payment of that sume or sumes, the same Comissioners shall make a Presepte in suche maner as ys aforsayde for to attache take and arrest the Bodye of suche pson or psons that ought to paye the sayde sumes and by this Acte shalbe charged w"1 and for the sayd sume and sumes, and theym so taken safelye to kepe in preson within the Sheyre or other Place wher any suche pson or psons shalbe taken and attachyd, there to remayne w'houte Bayle or Manepryse untyll he hathe payde the same sume or sumes that suche pson for himselfe or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to bee charged w,kall, And also for the Fees of everye suche Arreste to hym or them that shall execute suche Presepte Twentye pence: And that every Officer unto whome suche Precepte shalbe directed, doe his trewe dylygens and execute the same uppon every psone so beinge indebted, upon payne to forfette to the Queenes Ma"' for everye defaulte in that behalfe Twenty Shillingf ; And that noe Keper of anye Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any suche pson to goe at large by lettinge to bayle or otherwyse to departe oute of his Preason before he have payde his sayde Debte, and the sayde Twentye pence for the sayde Arreaste, upon payne to forfaye to the Queenes Ma1" Forty shillingf, and the same Gaoler to paye unto the Queenes Ma’* the Doble Value, aswell of the Rate which the sayde pson soe imprisoned was taxed at, as of the seide Twenty pence for the Fees; And lyke Proces and Remedye in lyke Forme shalbe graunted by the sayde Comyssyons or asmanye of them as by the sayde Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted at lyke Informafftn of every pson or psons beinge charged with any s5me of Money for anye other pson or psons by reason of the sayde Subsedye, and not thereof payde, but wylfully w'hdrawen, ne the same levy able w*in the lymettf where suche psons were thereunto taxed. And yf the sume or sumes beinge behinde unpayde by any psone or psons as ys aforesayde, be levyed and gathered by force of the sayde Proces to be made by the same Comyssioners, or yf in Defaulte or for I.acke of Payment thereof, the pson or psons soe owinge the sayde sume or sumes of Money, by proces of the same Comyssioners to bee made as ys aforesayde, be comytted to preason in forme abovesayde, that then the sayde Comyssoners w‘h shall awarde suche Proces, shall make Certyfycat therof in the sayde Excheker of that shalbe done in the Premysses in the Tearme next folowynge after suche some or somes of Money soe beinge behinde, shalbe levyed and gathered of suche psone or psons for non payment of the same comytted to preason : And yf yt hapen any of the sayde Collectors to be assigned, or anye Mayres Sheryffes Stewardf Constables the Hedborowe Burseholder Bayleffe or any other Offycer or Mynister or other whatsoever pson or psons, to deysobeye the sayde Comyssyoners or any of thayme, in the reasonable Requeste to them made by the sayde Comyssyoners for execuc&n of the sayde Comyssion, or yf any of the Offycers or other psons doe refuse that to them shall appertayne and belonge to doe by reason of any presepte to him or them to be directyd or any reasonable Comandement Instaunce or Request towchyng the pmisses, or other defaulte in any Appearaunce or Colleccftn to make, or yf any pson beyng suspecte or not to be indeferentlye taxed as ys aforesayde, doo refuse to be examyned accordinge to the tenoure of this Acte before the said Comyssione's, or as many of theme as shalbe therunto assigned as ys aforesayde, or wyll not appeare before the same Comyssioners upon warnynge to him made, or ells make Resistaunce or [or1 ] Rescous upon any dystres upon him to be taken for any pcell of the sayde Subsedye, or comytte any mysbehaviore in any maner of wyse contrarye to this Acte, or comytte any wylfull omyssion or other whatsoever wylfull not dowynge or mysdowynge contrarye to the teniir of this Acte or Graunte; the same Comyssyoners and every number of them above remembred, or twoo of them at the leaste, upon probable knowledge of any suche Mysdemeanors had by Information or Examynacbn, shall and maye set upon every suche Offendoure for every suche Offence in name of a Fyne, by the same Offendor to be forfeyted, fortye shillingf or under, by the dyscreac&n of the same Comyssioners; And further, the same C5myssioners, and every number of theyme or two of theyme at the leaste, shall have auctorytye by this present Acte to ponesshe every suche Offendore by ymprysoment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by theyre dyscrecon as shall seme to theme convenyent, the sayde Fynes, yf any suche be, to be certyfyed by the sayde Cdmyssioners that soe assessed the same into the Queenes Ma" sayde Excheker there to be levyed and payde by the Collectors of that plies for the saide Subsedie returned into the said Exchecquere, to be therwith cha'ged with the payment of the saide Subsedie in suche maner as yf the saide Fynes hadde bene sett and taxed upon the saide Offenders for the said Subsedie.

1 An erroneous Repetition.

On Failure of any Mich Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Proceaa against Persona chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners,

Persons refusing to appear, or to be examined, or being guilty of any Mitbchariour,

may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

Goc

516

8° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1566.

XXII.

Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound for themselves. Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

XXIII. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, &c. shall not be Collectors, 3cc.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXIV.

After Assessment, &c. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, &c.

Separate Certificates may be made where Commissioners do not all agree.

It is also enacted by the saide auctorytie of this present Pliament, That every of the saide Highe Collectors whiche shall accompte for any pte of the saide Subsedie in the saide Exchequere upon theyre severall Accomptes to be yelded, shalbe allowed at every of the saide Paymentes of the saide Subsedie for every pounde limitted to his Colleccftn whereof any suche Collector shalbe charged and yelde Accompte, six pence, as pcell of theyre Charge; that is to saye, Of every pounde therof for suche pson as then have hadde the pticuler ColleccSn in the Townes and other places as is afforesaide specefied in his Colleccion Tow pence, and other Two pence of every pounde therof every of the said cheif Collectors or their Accomptantes to reteigne to theyre owne use for theire labor and charge in and aboute the premysses ; and Tow pence of every pounde resydue, to be delivered allowed and paide by the saide Collectors so beinge therof allowed to suche of the Comissioners as shall take upon them the busines and labor for and aboute the p>mysses; that is to saye, every Collector to paye that Comissioner or Comissioners whiche hadd the orderinge of the writinges of and for the saide Subsedye wher the said Collector or Collectors hadde theyre Collecc&n, for thexpences of the said Comissioners soe takinge upon them the said busines, and labor of theire Clerkes writinge the said Preceptes and Extractes for the saide Colleccions, the same last Toue pence of every pounde to be devided amongest the seid Comissioners, havinge regarde to theyre labor and busines taken by them or theire said Clarkes in and aboute the premysses ; for the whiche pte so to the said Comissioners attayninge, the saide Comyssioners sixe fyve foure thre or twoe, or as inannye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Majesties Cdmyssion, and every of them, joyntlie and severallie for his and their saide pte, maye have his remydye againste the saide Collector or Collectors whiche thereof bene and myghte have bene allowed, by Accion of Dett in whiche the Defendante, shall not wage his Lawe, neyther Proteccion neyther Injunccion or Essoigne shalbe allowed.

And that noe pson nowe beinge of the nomber of the Companye of this present Pliament, nor any Comyssioner shalbe named or assigned to be any Collector or Subcollector or Presenter of the saide Subsedie, or of any pte thereof, nor noe Comissioners shalbe compelled to make any Presentmente or Certificate, other then in the Quenes Majesties saide Exchequere, of for or concerninge the saide Subsedie or any pte therof; and likewyse that noe other pson that shalbe named or assigned to be Comyssioners in any place to and for thexecucion of this Acte of Subsedie, be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collectors of any of the paymentes of the saide Subsedie, neyther of any pte therof; and that everye suche pson or psones whiche shalbe named and appointed as is afforesaide to be Head Collectors in and for the firste payment of this Subsedie, shall not be compelled to be Collector for the seconde payment of the saide Subsedie, or for any pte therof: And the said Collectors whiche shalbe assigned for the Colleccion of the said Subsedie, or for any pte thereof, and every of them, be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all manner Fees Rewardes and of everye other Chargis in the Quenes Majesties Exchequere or elles where, of them or any of them, by reason of that Colleccion Payment or Accomptes, or any thinge concerninge same to be asked; and that yf any pson receyve or take any Fees Rewardes or Pleasures of any suche Accomptant, that then he shall forfeyte to the Quenes Majestie for every peny or value of everye peny so taken, vs. and suffer Imprisoment at the Quenes Majestyes Pleasure.

And after the Taxinge and Assessinge of the sayde Subsedies as is aforesaid had or made, and the saide Extractes thereof in Pchment unto the Collector in Manner and Forme before rehersed delivered, the saide Comyssioners which shall take upon them Thexecucion of this Acte within the Limittes of theire Comyssion, by ther Agrementf shall have Meting together, at whiche Metinge everye of the said Comyssioners whiche then shall have taken upon them Thexecucion of any pte of the saide Comyssion, shall by himselfe or by his sufficient Deputye, trulye cerdfie and bringe furthe unto the saide Comyssioners named in the saide Comyssion, the Certyficate and Presentmente made before him and suche other Comyssioners as were limitted withe him in one Limitte, so that the same Certifycate maye be accomptted and caste withe the other Certificates of the other Limyttes within the same Comyssion; and then the saide Comyssioners and every nomber of them unto twoo at the least as is aforesaide, if any be in Lisse, or theire Executors or Administrators of thiere Goods, yf they then be deade, shall joyntlye and severallye as they weare devided within there Limittes, under there Seales by there Discrecion, make one or severall Writinges indented conteynynge in it aswell the Names of the saide Collectours by the Comyssioners for suche Colleccion and Accomptes in Thexchequere and paymete in the same Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall somes wrytten unto every suche Collectors to receyve the said Subsedye ; And alsoe all Fynes Am'ciamentf and other Forfetures, if any suche by reason of this Acte happen to be within the Precincte and Limitte of ther Comyssion to be certified into the Quenes Majesties saide Exchequer by the saide Comyssioners ; In which Writing or Writinges intended soe to be certiffied, shalbe playnelye declared and expressed the whole and entyer some or somes of the saide Subsedie severallie limitted to the Collecc&n of the saide Collectours severallie deputed and assigned to the Colleccion of the saide somes; soe that none of the said Collectours soe certiffied in the sayd Exchequer shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be charged but onlie to and for the s5me limitted to his Colleccion and not to or for any some limitted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but everye of them shalbe severallie charged for there pte limitted to there collection : And yf the saide Comyssioners joyned in one Comyssion amonge themselff in that Matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not redye, or refuse to make Certificate withe other of the same Comyssioners That then the same Comyssioners maye make severall Indentures in Forme afforesaid of theyr severall Limitties or Sepac&ns of Collectors w'hin the Limittes of theire Comission, uppon and in the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or suche other like Devisions wlhin theyre seid severall Limittes of there Comission, as the Places there shall require to be severed and devided, and as to the same Comissioners shall seme good to make Devisions of there Limittes or Colleccions for the severall Charges of the same Collectors; So that alwaie one Collector shalbe

by

8° Eliz. c. 18.

517

A.D. 1566.

i

I

t

I

I

i

I

I

i

i

j

i

i

i

i

k

b

t

k

it

i

b

i

k

i

4

t

t

I

t

4

U

4

i<

t

4

4

t

it

4

4

4

4

charged and accompte for his pte to him to be limitted onlie by hymselff and not for any some limitted to the pte of any of his Fellowes, and the charges of everye of the Collectors to be sett and certified severallie uppon them; And every suche Collecto' uppon his Accompte and Payment of the some of Money limitted wu,in this Collection, to be severally by hymselff acquited and discharged in the seid Exchequer w^out payeng any maner Fees or Rewardes to any pson or psons for the same, uppon the payne and penaltie laste abovesaid, and not to be charged for any porc6n of any other Collector: And yf any Comyssioner after he hathe taken Certificatt of them that as is aforesaid shall before any suche Comissioner be examyned, and the somes rated and sett and the Bokes and Writings therof being in his Handes, Or yf any Collector or other p6on charged w,h any Receipte of any pte of the said Subsedie, or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged w,h and for any pcell of the said Subsedye or w" any other Somes Fyne Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfeyture, happen to dye before the Comissioner Collector or other whatsoever Pson or Psons, have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that w* to ev’y suche pson shall appteigne or belonge to doe accordinge to this Acte, Then the Executors and Heires of ePy suche pson and all other seased of any Landes or Teiitf that any suche pson beinge charged by this Acte and decessinge before he be discharged therof, or any other to his use only, had of Estate of Inheritans at the tyme that any such pson was named Comissioner Collectour or otherwise charged w* and for any maner of Thinge to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Acte; And all those that have in there Possessions or Hands any Goodes Cattells Leasses or other Things that were to any suche pson or psons at the tyme of his Death, or any Lands or Tenementf that were the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforesaid charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplishe to doe in every case as the same pson soe beinge charged shuld have done and might have bene compelled to doe yf he had byn in playne Lyffe, after suche Rate of the Lands and Goodes of the seid Comissioner or Collector as the ptie shall have in his Hand: And yf the seid Comissioners, for causes reasonable them movinge, shall thinke yt not convenyent to joyne in on Sertificatt as ys aforsaid, Then the seid pson or psons that shall fyrste joyne together, or he that shall fyrst sertifie the seid Writinge indented as is aforesaid, shall sertifye all the Names of the Comissioners of that Comission, whercuppon suche Writings shalbe there then to be sertified w,h Devission of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf or other Places to and amonge suche Comissioners of the same Comission, w"1 the Names of the same Comissioners where suche Sepacons and Devisions shalbe, wlh the grosse somes of Money, aswell of and for the saide Subsidie taxed or sett of or w"*in the seid Hundredes Wardes Weapentakes or other Places to hym or them devided or assigned, that shall soe sertifie the seid fyrst Writinge, as of the Fynes Amersiamentf Penalties or other Forfeitures, if any happen to be wthin the same Limittes wherof the same Writings shalbe sertified, and after suche Writinge indentid, wd> as is aforesaid shalbe sertified and not conteigne in it the hole and full somes sett and taxed wu,in the Lymyttes of the same Comission, thother Comissioners of the same before the Daye of Payment of the seid Subsedie, shall certyffye into the saide Exchequere by there Writinge or Writinges indented to be made as is aforesaide, the grosse and severall somes sett and taxed within the Places to them limitted for the saide Subsedie and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfeytures, withe the Names of the Hundredes Wardes Weapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or else by theire said Writinges indented, to certifye at the same Place before the same Daye of Payment, suche reasonable causes for theyere Excuses why they maye not make suche Certificate of and for the saide Subsedye Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeytures growinge or sett by Reason of the Causes of their Lettf, or of their none certifinge as is abovesaide, or elles in Default therof, Proces to be made owt of the Quenes Majesties said Exchequere against the said Comyssioners and every of them not makinge Certificate as is aforesaide, by the Discrecion of the Treasaro' or Barons of the saide Exchequer.

Providbd allwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaide, That the Inhabitauntes of the Parishe of Sainct Martyn, called Stamford Baron, in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stampford in the Southe parte of the Water ther called Wellande, wth hereafter shalbe contrybutorye to the Payment of this present Subsedye graunted to the Queenes Majestye her Heirf and Successors, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this tyme by suche Comyssione's wch shalbe appoynted for the taxinge ratinge and sessinge of suche Subsedie or Taxe within the Countye of Lyncolne, and shalbe for this tyme contrybutorye and paye the saide Subsedye to the Collecto' or Collectors whiche shalbe assigned and appoynted for the levinge and gatheringe of the same w"1 the Alderman and Burgesses of the saide Borough and Towne of Samford.

Provided allwayes, and be yt further enacted by thacthorytye aforesaid, That all and everye pson and psones havinge Manors Lands Teiitf and other Heredytamentf chargeable to the payment of the Subsedie graunted to the Quenes Majestie by this Acte, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to her saide Majesde by the Graunte made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocacion, and over this havinge Substance in Goods & Cattalles chargeable by this saide Acte, that then yf any of the said pson or psones be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the saide Manors Landes and Teiites and Spirituall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his or theire Goods and Cattalles, that then he or they shalbe onlye charged by vertue of this Acte for his and thier saide Manors Lands Teiitf Hereditamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his saide Goods and Cattalles, y' beste therof to be taken for the Quenes Majestie, and not to be charged for bothe or doble charged for any of them; Any Thinge in this Acte contained to the contrarye in any wise notwithstandinge.

Collector! shall answer for their respective Districts;

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners or Collectors dying, shall complete their Duties;

Form of the first Certificate where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXV.

Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVI. Persons having Lands, and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, See. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

6 Q

518

8° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1566,

XXVII. Provided allwayes, That this Graunte of Subsedye nor any Thinge theirin contayned in any wise extend to charge

Lu^muJty, Thenhabitantes or Dwellers in Ireland Jernesey and Gamesey, or any of them, of for or conceminge any Manors Lands T P*C'j Teiitf or other Possessions Goods Cattalles or other movables Substance w^ the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers or anye

or Guernsey. ’ other to theire use, have within Ireland Jernesey and Gamesey, or in any of them, or of for or concerninge any Fees or Wages wch any of the seide Inhabitantes or Dwellers have of the Quenes Majestie, for theire Attendance and dooinge Service to our Sovereigne Ladie in Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or in any of them; Any Thinge in this present Acte to the contrarye in any wise notw'standing.

Exemption for Provided also, That this present Acte of Subsedye ne any Thinge therin contayned extende to any of the Englysshe

of^'e Northern1111* ^habitantf or Resiantf in any of the Countyes of Northomberlande Comberlande Westmerland the Towne of Barwicke Counties. the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, and the Bisshopricke of Dorhum, nor to any of them, of for or contayninge any

Manors Lands Teiitf or other Possessions Goods Cattallf or other moveables Substance whiche the same Inhabitantes or Dwellers, or any other to theire use have within the said Countyes of Northomberland Comberland Westmerland or the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne or the Bisshopricke of Durham, or any of them, or of for or conceminge any Fees or Wages whiche any of the saide Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Majestie for theire Attendance and dooinge Service to the Quenes Majestie for or within the said Countyes of Northomberlande Comberlande Westmerlande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne and the Bisshopricke of Durham, or any of them, to or for the saide taxinge levyinge getheringe or payment, but that the Englysshe Inhabitantes and Resiantes, and every of them, of the saide Counties Bysshopricke and Townes, and every of them shalbe of, and from the saide Subsedie, and every pcell therof, and for theire Manors Lands Teiitf Fees Wags Goodes and Cattelles lyinge and beinge in the said Countes Townes and Bysshopricke or any of them, utterlye acquited and discharged ; Any Thinge in this present Acte before rehersed to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

XXIX. Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

[S« § VI.]

Provided also, That all Letters Patentf graunted by the Quenes Majestie or any of her moste noble Progenytours to any Cities Boroughes or Townes within thys Realme, of any manner of Lyberties Privylegf or Exempc&ns from the Burden and Charge of any suche Grauntes of Subsedies whiche be at this present tyme in force and vaylyable, shall remayne good and effectual! to the saide Cities Boroughes and Townes herafter, accordinge to the purposes therof, thoughe the Inhabitantes of the same shall upon the greate and weightye Consideration of the Graunte abovesaid, be for this Graunte charged and contrybutorye in lyke maner forme and sorte as other Cities Boroughes and Townes whiche be not in any wyse priveleged but be by this Acte charged.

XXX. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, &c.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That noe Orfant or Infant w’^in the Age of xxju yeres, borne w,hin any of the Quenes Majesties Domynyons, shalbe charged to any Payment of thys Subsidie, for his or her Goods and Cattalles to hym or her lefte or bequethed ; Eny thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

XXXI. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

Provided also, That this Acte nor any Thinge therin conteyned, shalnot extend to the Goods or Lands of eny Colledge Halle or Ostell w,hin the Univ'sities of Oxford and Cambridge, or eny of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton founded by Busshopp Wykeham, or to the Goods or Lands of the College of Eyton next Wyndsor, or to the Lands Teiitf or Revenues only assigned or appoynted for the Sustentacon and Lyvingf of the poore Knightf, foundyd in the Castel or College of Wyndsor by our late SoPeigne Lord Kinge Henry Theight, or to eny the Goods or Cattalles of the seid Knightf or of eny of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any Comon Free Gramer Scole wlhin the Realme of England or Walles, or to the Goods of eny Reader Scolemayster or Scoller, or eny Graduate resiant or remaynynge for Study, w^out Frauud or Covyn, w,hin any of the seid UniPsities and Colleges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbes of the same, or eny of them, or to any there Servauntf dayly attendaunte uppon eny of them, nor to the Goodes of eny Officer Mynyster Almesman or Servauntf belonging to eny of the seid Univsities Colleges Halles or Hostelles, and dwellinge and resiant w^in the seid Univ*sities or either of them, or w^n either of the seid Townes of Cambridge and Oxford and Suburbes of the same, w"out Frauude or Covyn; Nor to the Goodes and Lands of any Hosspitalle Measondue or Spittelhowse prepayred and used for the Sustentacion and Releffe of poore People; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in eny wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also. That the saide Graunte of Subsedye or any Thinge therin conteigned, dooe not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Inhabitantf or Resiauntf at this pnte tyme within the Fyve Portes Corporate, or to any of their Members incorporate or united to the same Fyve Portes, or to any of the same Fyve Portes, of or for any pte or pcell of the saide somes graunted in this Pliainente of the saide Inhabitantf now resiaunte, or any of them, to be taxed sett asked levyed or paide; but the saide Inhabitauntf and Resiauntf in the sayde Fyve Portes, and their Members be and shalbe of and from the sayde Graunte and Payment of the saide Subsedie during theyre Resiauncye there and no longer, clerly acquyted and discharged ; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this pnte Acte hadd or made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Pertom chargeable Provided also and be yt enacted, That forasmoche as the Inhabitauntes and Dwellers within the Coni of Penbroke

with former Carmarthen Cardigan Brecknocke Glamorgan Radnor Mongoniy Denbighe Flynte Meryonethe Anglesey and

Subsidies in Wales, , . , . ,7, . , . . . r , '

shall not be charged Carnarvan, beat this pnte tyme charged and chargeable withe the paymentes of dyvers and several 1 Subsedies lately under thi» Act, graunted to our late Sovereigne Ladye Quene Mary and to the Quenes Highnesse that nowe ys, and yet unpayed

8° Eliz. c. 18, 19.

519

Be it therefore ordeyned and enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid. That this Acte of Subsedie, or any Thinge therin contayned, shall not extende to charge anye of the Inhabitauntes and Dwellers within any of the saide Countyes of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecknocke Radnor Mongoifty Denbighe Flynte Meryoneth Anglesey and Camarvan with this pnte Subsedye, or any of the Paymentes therof graunted by this Acte, untell the last daye for them appoynted for the paymente of the laste Subsedie graunted to the Qnenes Majestie that nowe ys be fully exspyred, ande that then the first paymente of the saide Subsedye graunted by this present Acte, shalbe by them made at the Receipte of the Quenes Escheker, at or before the firste daye of November next followinge after the saide laste daye appoynted for the payinte of the laste Subsedie ; And the seconde payment of this Subsedie to be made at the saide Receipte of Thescheker before the firste daye of June then next followinge.

CHAPTER XIX. (')

An Acte of the Quenes Ma'f Free and GeSall Pardon.

THE Quenes moste Excellent Majestye consyderyng the greate zeale and affeccftn wch her lovynge and obedyent Subjectes beare to her Highnes, as by manye wayes they have declared and shewed from tyme to tyme sythens the begynnyng of her Majesties Reigne, and callynge to her most gracyous Remembrans into howe many Pennalties and Daungers of her Maj’f Lawes sundrye of her seide lovynge Subjectes be fallen, and covetyngc rather theyre Amendementes by gentill and mercyfull Meanes then w"‘ severe Execucon of her Heighnes Lawes, to be enryched by theyre evyll Deades and Offences, and trustynge assuredly that her seide lovynge Subjectes wyll contynue in theyre due Obediens and lovynge Hartes towardes her Majestye, and that they from hensforth wyll endevor theymselfes as obedyent Subjectes to lyve accordynge to her Heighnes Lawes; her Majestye ys therefore mercyfully enclyned and moved to graunte and geve unto her seide lovynge Subjectes a generall free and benefycyall Pdon, and thereby to dely9 her seyde Subjectes from suche Daungers Pennalties and Forfaytures as throughe theyre Offences they have justely des'ved ; And therefore her Majestye ys well pleased and contented that yt be enacted by the Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyanient, in manS and forme followinge, That ys to say; that all and evye of her seyde Subjects, aswell Spyrytuall as Temporall of this her Heighnes Realme of Englande, Wales, the Isles of Jernesey and Gernesey, and the Towne of Barwyck, the Heyres Successo's Executors and Admynystrators of theym and ev*y of theym, and all and syngler Bodyes in any maner of wyse corporated, Cyties Boroughes Shyres Rydinges Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Vyllages Hamlettf and Tythinges, and ev'ye of them, and the Successo' and Successo's of ev'y of theym, shalbe by Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyment acquyted pdoned releassed and dyschardged, againste the Quenes Majesty her Heyres Successo's and Executo's and ev*y of them, of all manS of Treasons Felonyes Roberyes Offences Contemptes Alyenacons Trespaces Intruc&ns Entrees Wronges Deceiptes Mysdemeano's Forfaytures Pennalties and Sumes of Money, Paynes of Death, Paynes corporall and pecunyary, and generally of all other Thinges Causes Quarrels Sutes Judgementes and Execuc&ns, in this pnte Acte hereafter not excepted nor forprysed, wrh may be or can be by her Heighnes in any wyse or by any meane pdoned, before and unto the xxvj1" day of September in the eight yere of her most gracyous Reigne, to ePy or any of her seide Subjectes Bodyes Corporate Cyties Boroughes Shyres Rydynges Hundredes Lathes Wapentakes Townes Vyllages and Tytheynges or any of theym.

And alsoe the Quenes Heighnes ys contented that yt be enacted by Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, That her seyde free Pdon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to ev*y of her seyde Subjectes, Bodyes Corporate, and other before rehearsed in and againste all Thinges wdl be not hereafter in this pnte Acte excepted and forprysed, as the same Pdon shoulde have bene, yf all Offences Contemptes Forfaytures Causes Matters Sutes Quarrells Judgementes Execucbns Penaltyes and all other Thinges, not hereafter in this Acte excepted and forprysed, hadde bene pticulerly syngulerly specyallye and playnly named rehearsed & specyfyed, and alsoe pdoned by prop and expresse Woordes and Names in theyre Kyndes Natures and Qualyties, by Woordes and Tearmes thereunto requysyte to have bene put in and expressed in this pnte Acte of free Pdon; And that her seyde Subjectes nor any of theym, nor the Heyres Exed or Admynystrat of any of them nor of the seyde Bodyes Corporate and others before named and rehearsed, nor any of theym, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquyeted in theyre Bodyes Goodes Landes or Cattallf, for any manner of Matter Cause Contempte Mysdemeano' Forfayture Trespas Offence or any other Thynge suffred done or cornytted, before the seyde xxvj'" day of Septemfe againste her Heighnes her Crowne Dygnytie progatyve Lawe or Statute, but only for suche Matters Causes & Offences as be playnly rehearsed in the Exceptions in this pnte Acte hereafter mentioned, and for non other; Any Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes Usages or psydente heretofore hadde made or used to the confry in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Also the Quenes Heighnes of her bounteous Lyberalytie, by Aucthorytye of this pnte Parlyament, graunteth and frely geveth to ev*y of her seyde Subjectes, and to ev*y of the seyde Bodyes Corporate and other before rehearsed, and ev*y of theym, all Goodes Cattallf Debtes Fynes Yssues Profyttes Amercyamentes Forfaytures and Sumes of Money by any of theytn forfayted, wc" to her Heighnes doe or shoulde belonge or apptcyne, by reason of any Offence Contempte Trespasse Entree Mysdemeano' Matter Cause or Quarrell suffred done or comytted by theym or any of theym before the seide xxvjUl day of Septemb, wc" be not hereafter forprysed and excepted in this pnte Acte; And that all and eQy the Quenes seyde Subjectes, and all and syngler Bodyes Corporate and other before rehearsed, may by hym or theymself, or by his or theyre Deputy or Deputyes or by his or theyre Atto'ney or Atto'neys, accordinge to the Lawes

1 From the Original Act : See Note at the beginning of this Year.

until after Payment of «uch former Subsidies.

Motivei of this Pardon

Pardon of all Offencei, See. not expressly excepted, committed, Sec. before s6 Sept. An. 8 Elia.

II.

This Pardon at valid by general Words, as if all Offences, Sec. wen-particularly specified.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fees; except t6d. to the Clerk.

I

520

8° Eliz. c. 19.

A.D. 1566.

IV.

Thil Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned; Treble Damages, and Process declared void.

VI.

Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons

Murders ; Robberies j

Rapes;

Escapes Outlawries for Treason, Stc. [ Receipts of Issues

Forfeitures; Intrusions;

Wastes, Fines j

Concealment of Customs; Accounts;

Unlawful Inclosures;

Issues, See. affered.

of this Realme, pleade and mynyster this pnte Acte of free Pdon, for his or theyre Dyscharge of and for ev’y Thinge that ys by vertewe of this pnte Acte pdoned dyscharged geven or graunted w^out any Fee or other Thinge in any wyse payinge to any parson or psons for Wry tinge or Entree of the Judgement or other Cause concemyng suche Plee Wry ting or Entree, but only syxtene pence to be payed to the Offycer or Clerk that shall entre the Plee Matter or Judgement for the Pties Dyscharge in that Behalf; Any Statute Usage or Custome to the cont*rye notwithstandinge.

And furthermore the Quenes Heighnes ys contented and pleased that yt be enacted by thaucthorytie of this pnte Plyament, That her seyde free Pdon by the generall Woordes before rehearsed, shalbe reputed demed adjudged allowed and taken in all maner of Courtes of her Heighnes and ells wheare, aswell ir. the Woordes and Clauses of the Excep&tas and Forpryses specyfied in this jinte Acte, as in all and syngler other Clauses Woordes and Sentences mencftnel and rehearsed in the seyde free Pdon, most benefycyally and avayleably to all and syngler her seyde Subjectes Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed, and to ePy of theym, and most strongly in barre and dyscharge againste her Heighnes, her Heyres Successo's and Execute's in ev’y thinge, w^out any Ambyguytie Questyon or other Delay whatsoeP it shalbe to be made pleaded or alledged by the Quene o' Sov’eigne Ladye, her Heyres Successo's or Execute's or by her or any of theyre generall Atto'ney or Atto'neys, or by any pson or psons for her Heighnes, or any of her Heyres Successo's or Execute's.

And further yt ys enacted by the Quene o' Sov’eigne Lady, and by the Aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, lhat yf any Offycer or Clerke of any of her Heighnes Courtes comonly called the Kynges Benche Chauncery and C5mon Place, or of her Exchequere, or any other Offycer or Clerke of anye other of her Courtes w^n this Realme, at any tyme after the laste day of this pnte Moneth of December, make out or wryte out any manner of Wryttes or other Proces, or any Exstreates Sommons or other fkeptes, whereby any of the seyde Subjects or any of the seyde Bodyes Corporate or other before rehearsed, or any of theym, shalbe in any wyse arrested attached dystreyned sommoned or otherwyse vexed inquyeted or greyed in his or theyre Bodyes Landes Tentes Goodes or Cattells, or in any of theym, for or because of any manw thinge pdoned or dyscharged by vertewe of this Acte of free Pdon, or yf any Sheryf or Excheto', or any of theyre Deputy or Deputies, or any Baylyf or other Offycer, by colour of his or theyre Offyce or otherwayes after the seyde laste day of December, doe levye receyve or take any thinge pdoned or dyscharged by this Acte, That then ev'y suche pson soe offendinge and thereof laufully condempned, shall yelde and pay for Recompence thereof to the ptie so greyed or offended Treble Damages, besydes all Costes of the Suyte; And nevWlesse all and syngler such Wryttes Proces Extreates and Preceptes soe to be made, for or uppon any manner of thinge pdoned or dyscharged by this pnte Acte of free Pdon, shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effecte.

Excepte and alwayes forpyrsed out of this generall & free Pdon, all and all mannl of Heighe Treason comytted or done by any pson or psons, by any overt Deade or Acte againste the Quenes moste Royall pson, and all Conspyracies and Confederacyes trayterously hadde comytted or done by any pson or psons againste the Quenes pson: And also Excepted all & all maner of Treasons comytted or done by any pson or psons in the pties beyonde the Sea, or in any other place out of the Quenes Domynyons; and all Sutes Punyshementes Execucons Sc Paynes of Death Forfaytures and Penalties for or by reason or occacSn of any of the Treasons and Offences before excepted; And also excepted and foreprysed out of this generall and free Pdon, all and ev*y Pyracy and Robbery done uppon the Sea, and all manner of voluntary Murders and wylfull Poysonynges, and all and ev'y Robbery done uppon any pson or psons in any Dwellyng Howse or Howses in the Day tyme, and all felonyous takynge of any Money or Bullyon out of the Howse of the Treasory or Receipt w,hm the Towre of London, and all Robberyes done uppon or to any Mans or Womans pson in the Heighwaye or ells wheare, and all and syngler Accessaryes of or to any of the seyde Offences, and also all Rapes and Camall Ravyshementes of Women, and all wylfull Escapes aswell of Treators and Felons as alsoe of Clarkf attaynted; And alsoe excepted out of this generall and free Pdon, all psons attaynted or outlawed for any Treason Murther or Robberye, and also excepted all & ev*y mannl of takynge from the Quene of any Goodes or Cattails or the Yssues Rentes Revenues or Profyttes of any Mannors Landes Tentes or Heredytamentes of any Trayto' Murderer Felon Clerke or Clerkf beynge psons attaynted outlawed or fugytyves, or of any of theym; and alsoe all Goodes and Cattells forfayted to the Quenes Majw by reason of any Felony heretofore comytted; And also excepted out of this Pdon, all mannl of Intruc&ns hadde made or done by any pson or psons in or uppon any Mannors Landes Tentes or other Heredytamentes of o’ Sov'eigne Lady the Quene, and the takynge of any the Yssues fit Profettf of the same Landes or Tentes of o' seyde SoPeigne Lady, and also all Sutes & Impetycons for the same; And excepted alsoe all Wastes comytted or done in any of the Quenes Wardes Landes, or in the Wardes Landes of any of the Quenes Comyttes; And also all and ev’y Fyne and Fynes for the syngle and doble value of the Marryadge or Marryadges of all and ev'y the Quenes Wardes at any tyme growen to the Quenes Majestie or any her noble Progenyto's; And also all and ev’y Concelement of any Custome or Subsedy; And all and singlar Accomptes of all and e$y Collecto' & Collecto's of any Subsedy Fyftene Benevolence Myse or ContrybucSn; And of ePy other pson whatsoev1 that ought to be Accomptant to the Quenes Heighnes, or to her most noble Father Kynge Henry the Eight, or to Kynge Edwarde the Syxte, or to Quene Mary, or to any of theym, and the Heyres Execute's & Admynystrato's of e9y suche Accomptante; and all & singuler Arrerages of Accomptes, and all untrue Accomptes, and all Impeticons Suytes Demaundes and Execuc6ns w‘h can or may be hadde of or for any Accompt or Accomptes, or any Arrerages of the same; And also excepted all Inclosures and Decayes of Howses of Husbandry, and the conPtynge of any Lande from Tyllage to Pasture, made done comytted or pmytted contry to the Forme and Effecte of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made; And alsoe excepted and forprysed out of this free Pdon, all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentes affered taxed sett extreated or entred, severally or pticulerly, touchynge or concernynge any pson or psons; And alsoe

GO OQ lC

8° Eliz. c. 19.

5L2i

excepted and forprysed out of this free Pdon, all and all mannl of Deceiptes and Offences of all and syngler Monyers and other Offycers Mynters or Woorkemen of or in any of the Quenes Majesties Myntes \v,hin this Realme or any other her Domynyons, and ail Impetyc&ns and Punyshementes for the same; And alsoe excepted out of this generall and free pdon, all Ravyshmentes and wrongfull takyng and w^olding of any the Quenes Wardes or Wardt-s Landes, at any tyme comen or growen to the Quenes Handes, or that ought to come or be to the Quenes Ma", and that yet ys not dyscharged ; And alsoe excepted all Tytles and Ac cons of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Releyf and Releyffes Rentes S'vyces Rentes Charges Rentes Seckes, and the Arrerages of the same, not done or payde to the Quenes Heighnes ; And alsoe excepted, all sumes of Money graunted to the Quenes Majestie or to any her noble Progenyto's, by way or meane of Subsedy Fyftene Benevolence or Contribucbn, or by any of the same wayes or meanes ; And also all Debtes w0* were or bee due to our Sov'eigne Lady the Quene, or to the moste noble Kynge of famous memorye Kinge Henry the Seventh, or to Kynge Henry the Eight, Kyng Edwarde the Syxte, or to the late Quene Mary, or to any pson or psons to any of theyre uses, by any Condempnacon Recognysaunce Obligation or otherwyse, other then suche as are due uppon any Obligac&n or Recognysaunce. forfayte before the seyde xxvj1" day of Septemb for Non apparans in any Courte or other place, or for not kepynge of the Peace, or not beinge of good Behavyo1; And also excepted & forprysed out of this Pdon, all & syngler Forfaytures beynge due or accrued to o' Soveigne Lady the Quene, by any penaltye of any Acte Statute or Statute, wc,‘ Forfaytures be conv*ted into the nature of Debte by Judgemente or by the Agreament of the Offendo' or Offendo's, orr ells whereof there ys any Verdyct paste for the Quene; And also excepted all Forfaytures and other Penalties and Profettf growen or due to the Quene, by reason of any Offence Contempte or other Acte hadde suffred comytted or done cont*rye to any Acte Statute or Statutes or com'ry to the Common Lawe, whereof any Acc6n Byll Playnte or Informacon ys sued exhybyte or dependinge in the Quenes Exchequere or in the Courtes comonly called the Kynges Benche and the Comon Place, or before the Councell in the Sterre Chamber, or whereof the Quenes Heighnes by her Byll signed or otherwyse heretofore hath made any Gyefte or Assignemente to any pson or psons; And also excepted and forprysed out of this generall and free Pdon, all suche psons as the xxiiij01 day of this pnte moneth of December in the ix*" yere of her Ma’f Reigne, be in Pryson w"'in the Towre of London, or in the Pryson of the Marshalsey, or in the Fleete, and all psons put to Execucon before the seyde xxiiij111 day of December ; And alsoe excepted out of this free Pdon all Offences of forgyng or counterfaytinge of any false Deades Escriptes or Wrytinges, and all procurynge or concelynge of any suche counterfaytinge or torgynge to be hadde or made; And alsoe excepted all Penalties Forfaytures and Tytles of Condycbn accrued or growen to the Quenes Majestie by reason of the breache or not pformyng of any Coven*nte or Condycbn; And alsoe excepted out of this Generall and Free Pdon all and evy suche pson & psons w'" sythens the begynnynge of the Queius Maj'f Reigne have fledde out of this Realme of England or any other the Quenes Domynyons, lor any Offence of Hieghe Treason Petie Treason Mysprycbn of Treason; And alsoe excepted out of this Pdon all and e\?y Offence and Offences touchynge or concemynge the carryeinge sendyng or conv’tynge o9 the Sea or out of this Realme, of any Golde SylV Jewells or any Coyne of Golde or Sylv, cont'ry to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, unlesse yt were or be by the Quenes Lycens; And also excepte all suche psons as be fledde and gone out of this Realme contrye to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, w"‘out the Quenes Maj'f Lycens; And alsoe all suche psons as have obteyned and hadde Lycens to depte the Realme for a tyme and nowe doe abyde out of the Realme, w"‘out any laufull Excuse after the tyme of theyre Lycens expyred.

Provyded alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthorytie of this pnte Parlyament, That all and ev*y pson and psons wcl> have tendered or ought to sue Lyv’ey out of o' seyde SoPeigne I.ady the Quenes Handes, of or for any Mannors Landes Teiites or Heredytamentes whatsoev* they be, shall sue his or theyre Lyverey and Lyvereys out of o’ seyde Sov’eigne Lady the Quenes Handes of his or theyre Mannors Landes Teiites and Heredytamentes, in lyke manrf and forme as they and ev*y of theym shoulde or ought to have done yf this Acte hadde nevi bene hadde ne made; Any Artycle Thinge or Thinges in this pnte Acte of Generall and Free Pardon comprysed and specyfyed to the contrye notwithstanding.

And also excepte out of this free Pdon, all Offences comytted or done by any pson or psons whereof the

correccbn and punyshement doeth appteyne to the Order and Judgement of any Ecclesiasticall Judge or Courte;

And alsoe excepte out of this Pdon all Offences of Conjuracbns Wychecraftes Inchaunteinentes and SawceryeS comitted or done contry to the Lawes & Statutes of this Realme.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by the aucthorytie aforeseide, That yt shalbe laufull to all and ev*y Clerke

and other Offycer of any the Quenes Courts, to awarde and make Wryttes of Capias Utlagatum at the Sute of

the Pde Playntyf againste suche psons Outlawed as be pdoned by this Acte, to thentent to compell the Defendaunt

and Defendauntes to make aunswere to the Playntyf or Playntyfff at whose Sute he or they were outlawed; And that

ev'y pson soe outlawed shall sue a Wrytte of Scire facias againste the Ptie or Pties at whose Sute he or theye were soe outlawed, before this Pdon in that Behalf shalbe allowed to him that soe ys outlawed.

And alsoe excepted out of this free Pdon, all and ePy suche pson and psons as before the seide xxiiij0' day of December have bene comytted to the Custody and saffe kepyng of any other pson or psons out of any ordynary Pryson by the Quenes Ma'f expresse Order and Commaundment, and w* nowe be remaynyng and contynuyng in suche Custody and Kepynge; And also except out of this Pdon, all felonyous takynge of any Money Plate Bullyon or

other Thinge out of any pte of the Quenes Maj'f Howse and Courte wheare her Heighnes ys nowe resydent or

wheare heretofore her Majestye hathe bene resydent; And also except all forgyng and counterfaytinge of any Money or Coyne currant wlhin this Realme; And also except out of this Generall & Free Pdon, one Henry ackeson late of Martyne Colledge in Oxforde.

6 R

Offences by Moneyeri, See. of the Mints; Ravishments of Wards (

Subsidies

Debts of Record;

Forfeitures adjudged, or proceeded for, or granted by the Crown

Prisoners in Custody;

Forgeries of Deeds;

Breaches of Covenant to the Queen j Fugitives for Treason

Exporting Money;

Fugitives, See.

VII. Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

VIII. Exception of Ecclesiastical Offences 5 Witchcraft, Sec.

IX.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

X.

Exceptions:

State Prisoners by the Queen's Command;

Stealing the Queen’s Plate, 4c. 1

Forging Money; H. Jackson.

(jOO^lC

Origirval from

522

8° Eliz. c. 20, 21.

A.D. 1566.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte for the Repeale of a Braunche of a Statute made An0 16 H. 8. touchinge Tryall of Offences in the Countie of Merioneth in North Wales.

Recital of Stat.

36 H.VIII. c. 6. f 6, io, aa to Trial of Offence* committed in the Marchea of Wale*, or in Merioneth.

35 H.VIIL c. 6. §33. a* to Merioneth.

26 H.VIII. c.6. i 10. aa to Merioneth, repealed.

WHERE in the Pliament holden at Westm in the xxvjUl yere of the Reigne of the late Kyng Henry the Eighte, amongest other Thyngf it was enacted, That all Murders Robberyes Felonyes and other felonious Offences w'h shoulde from that tyme be comytted in any Lordships Marchers or other Place in Walles, might be inquyred of harde tryed and examoned in the next Englisshe Shire therunto adjoinynge; and also by one other Braunche conteyned in the Statute it is ordeyned, that suche of the same Offences as shoulde be comytted w*n the Countie of Meryoiith, one of the Three olde Shyres of North Walles, might at the Dyscrecion of the Justices there, be inquyred of harde tryed and determyned in the Countyes of Anglesey and Caernarvon, being Two other Counties of North Walles; as by the same Acte more plainly dothe appeare; And yet neverthelesse in the Pliament holden at Westm in the xxxiiij,h and xxxv,h yere of the Raigne of the sayd late Kyng Henry Theight, by one Acte and Statute there made towching certain Ordin*ncf in Walles, it is by one Braunche thereof amongf other Thinges enacted and establysshed, that all Offencf Murders Robberies and other Felonyes w* from hensfoorthe shoulde be comitted in the sayd Countye of Merioneth, shoulde and myght be inquired of harde and determyned before the Justices wUlin the sayd Countie of Meryonethe, or ells in the Countie of Salopp being the next Englishe Countie adjoinyng therunto, in such maner and forme as the lyke Offences comytted in other the sayd Countyes in Walles shoulde or might be inquyred of harde and determyned; as by the sayd Acte more at lardge doothe appeare: By reason of wch sayd severall Braunches conteyned in the said severall Statutes, the sayd County of Meryoneth standethe now not only chargeable to such lyke Tryall, in the next Englishe Sheire, for the sayd Offences as other Countyes of Walles at thys present bee, but also by force of the sayd Estatute made in the sayd xxvj"' year of the sayd Kyng Henry the Eighte, the sayd County of Meryoneth is also subject to suche Inquirye and Tryall to be hadde wll,in the sayd Counties of Caemvon and Anglesey, being boothe Welshe Shyres; muche to the descredytte of the Inhabytauntf of the sayd Countie of Merioneth, for that no other Countye of Walles for suche Offencf are chargeable w,h the lyke Tryall: Wherefore be it enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Pliament, That so muche of the sayd Acte and Statute made in the said xxvj"1 yere of the Raigne of the said late King Henry the viijUl, as doothe limytte or appoint any of the sayd Offences before mencyoned comitted w^in the sayd County of Meryonethe, to be inquired of tryed harde and determyned w'"in the said Countyes of Carnivon and Anglesey, or eyther of them, shall from hensfoorth be utterly repealed voyde and of none Effecte.

The Queen's Letter* Patent,

3 July, 6 Eliz. to Cornell ua de Voa, to search for, dig, and work Mine* of Alum and Copperas j

Copperas Ore discovered and worked by Lord Mountjoyi and De Voa’a Patent assigned to him

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte confirmynge the Queues Ma*f Ires Patentes concernynge the makinge of Allome and Copras within this Realme and other her Highnes Domynions.

WHERE the Queenes moost Excellent Malic of her moost gracious disposicion to the Benefitt and Proffitt of thys hyr Realme of Englande, amonge sundry other the singuler Frutes of hir Ma'" goodnes towardes the same, hath bin desirous that the hidden Riches of the Earthe should by serche and woorke of Men skilfull, be founde and browght to the use and comoditye of hir sayd Realme; and to that end being informed of soome hope of Allome and Coperas to be founde and made W'in her Highnes Dominyons, although the same hath bin ofte attempted in tymes of hir moost noble Progenytors, and yet never heretofore browght to Effecte, hyr Malle of hir aboundant grace by hir moost gracious Letters Pattentf under her Highnes Great Seale of England, bearing date at Westm the thyrde daye of Julye in the sixte yere of hir Hyghnes Reygne, to encourage suche her Highnes Subjects as woolde adventure their Travayle and Chardge in and aboute the Premisses, hath graunted specyall Lycens and Privylege to Cornelius de Vos, marchaunte his Ptcyner6 Factors and Assignes, to dygge searche and worke the Owers of Allome and Coperas, w,h a Proviso therein conteyned, That the sayd Cornelius de Vos his Executors Pteners Factors or Assignes shall not dygge or woorke for anye the sayd Owers w,hin any hir Ma'*' her Heires or Successors Landes or Possessions or in any the Landes or Possessions of anye her Malic* her Heyres or Successo" Subjects w,hout the Licens and Agreament and Contentacon of all and everie the Owners Farmers Ten"ntf and Occupyers of all and everye suche Landes and Possessions fyrst hadd and optayned, w» strayght phibicon to all other her Ma1* Subjects upon payne of one hundreth pounds and the imprysonment by the space of one whole yeare not to entermedle w"1 the lyke, as by the sayd Letters Pattentf amongest other Grauntes therein conteyned more playnlie appeareth: And where also aswell great quantitye of Owers apte for the purpose aforesayd, as also suche necessaries as must be occupyed in bringing to pfecciori of the woorkes aforesayd, are founde moost aboundauntlye w^in the Groundes of hir Highnes humble Subjecte James Lord Mountyjoye, by meane whereof and of suche Devyse and Travayle as the sayd Lord Mountjoye hath therein used, he hathe growen to suche knowledge and pfeccon of the sayd Woorkes as heretofore hath not ben atteyned unto by any wu,in her Ma,ie‘ Realme ; And for that, that the sayd Cornelius de Vos was otherwise of no suflicyent welthe and habilityc to bring the sayd Owers to suche effect and perfeccyon as was requysite, and lest the sayd Enterpryse shoulde be as heretofore againe gevin over and forsaken, the said Lord Mountjoye hath to his great chardges fyrst by composicyon w"* the sayd Cornelius atteyned the interest of the sayd Letters Pattentf; And also sins w,h his greate Coostf Trayvaile and Diligence caused to be made good and pfect Coperas, in suche sorte as he is yearely able to retve this Realme w"1 a very great quantitie of Coperas at more reasonable Pryses then the lyke is nowe browht into this Realme out of the ptes of beyonde the Seas and in good Hope to have lyke Successe in woorking of Allome wch is a verie necessarye comoditie for the use of Draperye, to the great

Gck sle

A.D. 1566.

8° Eliz. c. 21, 22.

523

benefyte of the Subjects of this Realme : In consideracion whereof and (<) because suche persona w"in this her Ma"" Realme, at (when the Woorkes aforesayd shall growe to better pfeccyon) shall espie the greatest adventure and chardge passed, might for their singuler gavne take in hande the lyke Woorkes, to the great hinderance and dyscouraging both of the sayd Lord Mountjoye and of others that lykewye woolde adventure to imploye their Welthe and Endevours in things lykewise benefyciall to the Subjects of this Realme; Be it therfore enacted by the Queenes moost Excellent Ma* w'h Thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comens in thys present Pliament assembled, and by the Aucthoritte of the same, That no psone or psones whatsoever, during the space of xxj,h yeres next ensuyng the first daye of Aprill w1*1 shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God 1567, other then the sayd Lord Mountjoye his Executors Administrator and Assignes shall take in hande attempt or goo aboute by any maner of waye or meanes directly or indirectly in any Groundes Landes or Possessions w,bin any the Realmes or Dominyona of the Queenes Ma'" her Heyres or Successors, to digge oppen or worke for any Mynes or Owers of Allome and Coperas or the Liccours of them or any thing belonging to the same, nor shall make or cause to be made wlkin the sayd Realmes and Dominyons during the sayd terme of xxj1* yeres, any Allome or Coperas, nor trye or worke or cause to be tryed or wrought anye suche Mynes or Owers of Allome or Coperas or the Lyccours of them or any thing belonging to the same, w^out the Licens Graunte and Agreament of the sayd Lord Mountjoye his Executors Administrators or Assignes, upo payne that everie persone offending in this Behalf shall forfeyte as well all the Allome and Coperas and Liccours of them so to be tryed or made contrary to the true Intent of this Estatute, as also one hundred poundes for every tyme that suche Attempt working tryeng or making shalbe hadde made or done cont*rye to this present Acte; The one inoytie of which Forfeytures shalbe to the Queenes Ma"c her Heyres and Successours, and the other moitye to the Lord Mountjoye his Executors Adminystrators and Assignes, to be sued for by the sayd Lord Mountjoye his Executors Adminystrators or Assignes or soome of them in any Courte of the Queenes Ma1* her Heires or Successours by Accyon of Detinue Byll Plainte Informacion or otherwise, in wch Suite no Wager of Lawe Essoigne Injuncion or Proteccion for the Defendant or Defendauntf shalbe allowed or admytted.

Provided alwayes and neverthelesse be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That the sayd Lord Mountjoye his Executors Adminystrators and Assignes and everie of them, in consideracion of the Premysses, shall from hensfourthe during all the sayd terme of yeares by aucthoritie of this Acte, stande be bounden and charged to observe pforme and kepe to our sayd So^aigne Ladie the Quene her Heyres and Successor all and everie suche and the lyke Covenant f Grauntf Artycles and Agreamentf as the sayd Cornelius de Vos was and is chardged coven*nted ot agreed to observe pforme and keppe to our said SoPaigne Ladic, in and by one payer of Indetures made betwene our sayd So?aigne Ladye of thone ptie and the sayd Cornelius dc Vos [of *] thother ptie, bearing date the thirde daye of Julye in the Syxt yere of the Raignc of our sayd So9aigne Ladye, or in or by the Letters Pattentf of our sayd SoPaigne Ladye the Quene, made to the same Cornelius de Vos, bearing date the daye and yere of the date of the sayd Indentures, or in or by any Writing or Indorsement upon the same Letters PattentP; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned or any other Matter or Cause that cane or maye be objected to the contrary therof notwithstanding.

(3) Saving to Wytim Kendall Gent his lawfull Assignes and Ptners all suche Interest and Privyledgf as he and they [myght have lawfully3] occupyed and enjoyed the first daye of this Session of Pliament, by force only of any Letters Pattentf made to the sayd Wytim Kendall standing and being good and in force the sayd fyrst daye of thys Session, so that allwaies no Worde or Sentence herein shall in any wise extend or be interpreted or taken to affirme or make the sayd Letters Pattentf made to the sayd WyHm Kendall to be of any other or better force or effecte then the same were the sayd fyrst daye of this Session of Pliament; Any Thinge herein to the contra rye notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and be it ncv'thelesse enacted by the aucthoritye aforesayd, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned, shall not extende to gyve any Lycence or Aucthoritie to the sayd Lord Mountjoye his Heires Executors Pteners Factors or Assignes, nor the Heires Executo'* Ptners or Assignes of any of them, to worke in any place or placf other then in suche places as by the sayd Letters Pattentf graunted unto the sayd Cornelius de Vos is lymitted and apyointed.

None shall work Mines of Alum or Copperas in the Kingdom for 21 Years, without License from Lord Mountjoy; Penalty A100 and Forfeiture of the Ore, See.

Lord Mountjoy shall be bound by the Conditions and Covenants of De Vos’s Patent, Src.

HL

Saving for W Kendal).

IV.

Not to enlarge the Powers of De Vos’s Patent.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Acte for makinge of Salte within the Quenes Maut‘ Domynyons.

WHEREAS the Provision of Salte from the pties of beyonde the Seas to serve the Expences of this Realme of England Wales and Ireland, over and besyde9 that quantitie of Salte w’’1* at the Wyetches and in other partes of this Realme of Englande, hathe heretofore bene used to be made everie yere, doth cost great soomes of Money, to Thempovcrishment of this Realme by wasting and conveying of the Treasure and Coyne of thys Realme into Forreyn Parteis, and to thexercise of the People and Subjects of Foirein Realmes, and in Tymes of Hostilityc and Warre, to the great and excessyve Pryces and Dearthe of the same, being a verye needefull Thinge for all maner of Victuall and dyvers other necessaries w,hin this Realme : For Rkamedye wlicrof, and to Thentent certayne newe and verie cheape Featf and Trades not used heretofore w"'in this Realme for making of White and Baye Salles w"*in this Realme and the Dominyons of the same, shoulde be practised and used in suche and so manye places and partes of this Realme of Englande and in Ireland Gerscy and Gemsey, and also w"'in the Towne of Calyce and Marchics thereof, when the same shalbe restored to the Queenes Malic her Heyres and Successours, as shalbe thowght meete and convcniente 5 The Queenes Ma'* by her Highnes Letters Pattentf under her Highnes Great Seale of England bearing date the Twentirh daye of Januarye in Theight yere of her Highnes Reigne, dyd graunte unto her Highnes Subjcctc Frauncys Bartyc naturally borne a Straunger in Andwarpc, and by Kyng Edward the Syxtc made free Denyzon, and to his Heyres Executo’f Administratours Factours Deputies and Assignes and to Tlieyres Exccutours Adminystratours Factours Deputyes and Assignes of everie of them, full Power Lycence Libertye and Aucthoritye to practise and use to his and their most pfitt and comoditic, the sayd newe Featcs and Trades of making of the sayd Saltes w'Kn the sayd Realmes Dominyons and Coontries before menc'yoned for and (luring the terme of Twentye yeres, to be accompted from the first daye of December in Theight yere of her Highnes Raignc, w"' streight Prohibition and Comaundm' that no other persone whatsoev shall attempt or presume w,hin the sayd Realmes Domynions or Contries before mencyoned, to practise use or exercise the same or any other newe Feates or Trades of making of Whyte or Baye Saltes during the terme of the saide Twentye yeres; as by the sayd Letters Pattentf of Pryvclcgc enrolled in the Courte of

Expense, Sec. of Importation of Foreign Salt:

The Queen's Letters Patent ao Jan. 8 Eliz. to Francis Bartyc for making White and Bay Salt by a new Process, for 20 Years

1 for 0.

3 The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules.

• on 0.

' might lawfullie have O.

A.D. 1566.

524

8° Eliz. c. 22.

The said Patent assigned to the Earl of Pembroke

and others:

Excellence of the Salt made by such new Process:

None shall make such White or Bay Salt in the Kingdom during the said ao Years, without Licence from the Earl of Pembroke, See.;

Penalty j^ioo and Imprisonment.

II.

This Act not to prevent the making Salt by the old Process;

nor to prohibit the Importation of foreign Salt.

Chauncerye, and by Indenture whereby the Queenes Ma'1' her Heyres and Successours is to have freely a Tenthe parte of the sayd Salte, among other Things at lardge maye appeare : And whereas great soomes of Money hath bene and must be diffirayed expendyd and ymployed in and about the provision and makyng of certaitie Buildings Vessells Tooles and other Necessaries and Things requysite for the makyng of the sayd Saltes, for the due Accomplishment whereof in bcneficyall maner to the Proffytt and Comoditye of thys Realme according to the Expectaron of the Queenes Ma'"> and according to the trust and meanyng of her Highnes Letters Pattentf of Pryviledge afore mencioned, the sayde Fraunceys Bartyc hathe by sundry Indentures and Wrytingf, conveyed graunted and assigned over the sayd whole Interest and Previledge by sondrye Porcons unto WyHm Erie of Pembroke Robert Erie of Leicestre WyHm Lord Cobham Syr Frauncys Knolles Knight Vicechaumberlayne to the Queenes Ma'* Syr WyHm Cecyll Knight pryncipall Secretary to the Queenes Ma"' and to other persones their Coperteners, as by the said severall Grauntf and Assignementf maye appeare ; Forasmuche as in sondery places and partes of thys Realme the sayd newe Feates and Trades of making of Saulte to the greate Chardgc of the sayd Erles and other their Coptcners according to the sayd Prevylege, are alreadye begoonc to be practysed and by proofe alreadyc made aswell for the chcapnes as for the goodnes of the sayd Salte, the saide newe Feate and Trade of making the sayd Salte is evident to be comodious and profitable for the Comonwealthe, in so muche as for seazonyng of all whyte Meates the same Salte is better then any white Salte made w""in thys Realme and aswell as any refyned Salte comyng from Flaunders, and for seasonyng of Fleshe the same ys better than any Baye Salte, and for saltinge of Fysshe the same is as good as the refyned Salte comyng from Flaunders and in everye case aforesayd will serve w,h lesse quantitye and weight then thother Saltes afore mencioned, For all wch respects and to thintent that the sayd Previledge maye take due Effecte, Be it ordeined and enacted by haucthoritie of this present Pliament, That untyll thende of the saydTwentye yeres mencyoned in the sayd Letters Pattentf of Previledge no manner of psone whatsoever, other then suche as by Conveyaunce Graunte or Assignement have or shall have Invest in or to the sayd Prevylege or Parte thereof, or his or their Heires Executours Adminystratours Facto's Deputie* and Assignes, shall attempte presume or go aboute any maner of waye dyrectly or indirectlye w'Mn any of the sayd Realmes Dotninyons or Countreys before mencioned or any parte of them to practise use or exercise the same, or any other newe Feates or Trades of making of White Salte or Baye Salte w,hout the Licence Graunt and Assignement of the sayd Erles and other their Copteners their Heires Executours Adminystratours or Assignes having interest in the said Letters Pattentf and Prevyledge, upon paine of Imprysonment by the space of one yere wlhout Bayle or Maynpryse, and upon payne of forfeyture of One hundreth pounds for everie tyme that suche Attempt shalbe had or made contrary to thentent and meanyng of the sayd Prevyledge and of this Acte ; Thone moytie of all wch forfeytures shalbe to the Quenes Ma'" her heires and successours, and thother moitye thereof to the sayd Erles and other their Copteners their Heyres Executours Adminystrato's or Assignes having interest in the sayd Letters Pattentf and Prevyledge by Accyon of Dett Byll Playnte or Informacion in any Courte of Recorde wherein no Essoigne Proteccion or Wager in Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed for the Defendaunt.

Provided allwayes, That thys Acte or the sayd Letters Pattentf of Prevyledge, or any thinge in them or eyther of them conteyned, shall not in anye wise extende to inhibitte or restraync anye persoone or persoones touching or concernyng any Feate or Trade of making of Salte w,hin any of the said Realmes Dominyoni or Coontries wcl1 hath been used or accustomed to be made used or exercised w,uin any of the same Realmes Domynions or Coontryes by any Englishmen before the sayd first daye of December in the sayd Eight yere of the Queenes Ma'" Raigne; nor to inhibitte or restrayne anye personne or personnes to bryng from the forreyne parteys of beyonde the Seas into the saide Realmes Domynions or Coontreys, anye Salte whereby the more plentye of Salte wtilin the sayde Realmes Dominyons or Coontryes maye be had and the better cheape} Any Thing in thys Acte or in the sayd Letters Pattentf of Prevyledge, or in the sayd Indentures Writyhgf or other Conveyaunces or Assignementf to the contrarye hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

JWlQ,.V

( 525 )

Anno 13° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1571.

STATUTES made in the PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN TO BE HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE SECOND Day OF APRIL,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

<£x ftotulo ^arltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabetlje ftegtne, aoerimo tertfo.

In PARLIAMENTO Inchoato et tento apud Westm, Secundo die Aprilis, Anno Regni Serenissime atq^ Excellentissime Dne nre Elizabethe, Dei gra Anglie Frauntie et Hibn Regine Fidei Defensor &c. Tercio-decimo et ibm continual usq, in dissolucionem died Parliament!; Comuni olm Dnorum tarn Spualium q‘ Temporalium ac Comunitatis consensu, et Regie Mau‘ turn pntis Assensu, Sancita Inacdtata Stabilita et Ordinal fuerunt hec xlj Statuta subsequen Quo..................tenores in hiis sequntur verbadm. Vz.

n.-

iii. -

iv.

v.

VL

VII.

VIII.

IX. -

X. -

XI. -

XII. -

XIII. -

XIV. -

XV. -

XVI. -

XVII. -

XVIII. -

XIX. -

XX. -

— 3-

— 4-

— 5-

— 6.

— 7-

— 8.

— 9-—io. —ii.

— 12. "*3-

—14--15. —16.

*7-

-18.

-19.

-20.

An Acte whereby certayne Offences bee made Treason.

An Acte agaynste the bringing in and putting in execudon of Bulls and other Instruments /rom the Sea of Rome.

An Acte against Fugytyves over the Sea.

An Acte to make the Landes Tenemtes Gooddes and Cattalles of Tellers Receavers, &c. lyable to the payment of their Debtes.

An Acte against fraudulent Deedes Gyftes Alienadons, &c.

An Acte that the Constathes and Exemplifications of Letters Patentes shalbe as good and avayleable as the Letters Patentes themselves.

An Acte touchyng Orders for Banckruptes.

An Acte against Usurie.

An Acte for the Commission of Sewers.

An Acte against Fraudes defeating Remedies for Dilapidations, &c.

An Acte for the mayntenaunce of the Navygation.

An Acte to refourme certayne Dysorders touching Ministers of the Churche.

An Acte for the encrease of Tyllage, &c.

An Acte for the bringing of Bowestaves into this Realme.

An Acte that no Hoy or Plate shall crosse the Seas.

An Acte for the Confirmation of Thattaynders of Charles Earle of Westmerlande, Thomas Earle of Northumberland and others.

An Acte to lycence the Earle of Leycester to founde an Hospitall.

An Acte for the brynging of the Ryver of Lee to the North side of y* Citie of London.

An Acte for the makinge of Cappes.

An Acte touching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesiasdcall Lyvynges with Cure.

' The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but are now added to denote the Number of Chapters as printed: Chapters XXVI. XXVII. and XXVIII. are not entered on the Roll, although noticed in the List; They are therefore printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. The Old Printed Collections do not contain nu. 36. which is printed as Chapter XXIX. in the Modern Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to repeat the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

6 S

5&6

13° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1571-

XXI.—2i. An Acte that Purveyours may take Graine Come or Vyctuals within fyve myles of Cambridge and Oxford in certayne Cases.

XXn.—22. An Acte to contynue the Statute for division of Sheriffes.

XXni.—23. An Acte for pavyng of a Streete without Algate.

XXIV. —24. An Acte for the pavyng of the Towne of Ipswiche.

XXV. —25. An Acte for the revyvyng and continuance of certayne Statutes.

26. An Acte to make the River of Wellande navigable.

27. An Acte to make free Denyzen Peregrine Bertye borne beyonde the Seas.

28. An Acte for the Towne of Southampton.

29. An Acte for the Towne of Brystoll.

30. An Acte for the Towne of Lostwythiel in Cornwall.

31. An Acte touchyng William Skeflington Esquire.

32. An Acte for Morice Rodney Esquyre.

33. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blood of Sir Thomas Wyats Children.

34. An Acte for thincorporaton & uniting of Weymouth & Melcombe Regis in Dorsetsheir.

35. An Acte for the Restitution in Blood of Henry Brereton Esquire.

XXIX.—36. An Acte for thincorporaton of bothe Thunyversities.

37. An Acte for thassuraunce of certayne Lands to the L. Barckley & Lady Katherin his Wyef.

38. An Acte touching John Tyrrel Esquire.

XXVI. -----An Acte for the Confirmafon of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargie.

XXVII. -----An Acte of a Subsidie & Two Fifteenes & Tenthes graunted by the Temporalitie.

XXVIII. -----An Acte of the Queenes Highnesse moste gratious generall and free Pardon.

Insufficiency of existing Acts against Treason;

Imagining the Death or Bodily Harm of the Queen, or the deposing her, or the levying War, or exciting Foreigners to invade the Realm, and declaring the same by Printing or by Words, or advisedly denying the Queen's Title, or affirming her to be a Heretic or Usurper, 4cc. declared High Treason;

on Conviction at Common Law, or under Stat.

35 Hen. VIII. c. a.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte whereby certayne Offences bee made Treason.

FORASMUCH AS it is of some doubted, whether the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, remayning at this present in force, are vayleable and suffyeient anough for the suerde and pservacion of the Quenes moste Royall Pson, in whom consisteth all the Happines and Comforte of the whole State and Subjectes of the Realme, w"1 thing all faithfull lovynge and duetyfull Subjectes ought and will w"* all carefoll studie & zeale consider foresee and pvyde for; by the neglecting and passing over whereof wlh wynking eies, there might happen to growe the subvertion and ruyne of the quyet and moste happy State and present Government of this Realme, (wcb God defend:) Therefore at the humble Suite and Pericion of the Lords and Comens in thys present Parliament assembled, Bee yt enacted declared and established by aucthoritie of the same Parliament, That yf any person or persons whatsoever, at any tyme after the laste daye of June next cominynge duryng the naturall Lyfe of or moste gracious Sovereigne Ladye Quene Elizabeth (whome Almightey God preserve & blesse w* longe and prosperous Raigne over this Realme) shall w,hin the Realme or w'foute, compasse imagyn invent devyse or intend the Deathe or Destruccon or any bodely harme tending to Death Destruccon Mayme or Wounding of the Royall Pson of the same our Sov'aigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth; or to deprive or depose her of or from the Stile Honor or Kyngly Name of the Ymperiall Crowne of this Realme or of anny other Realme or Domynyon to her Ma'* belonging; or to levye Warre against her Ma"* w,hin this Realme or w,houte ; or to move or to sturre any Forreyners or Straungers w" Force to invade this Realme or the Realme of Irelande or anny other her Ma'f Domynions being under her Ma'f Obeysaunce; and suche Compasses Ymaginacons lnvencions Devises or Intentions or any of them, shall malitiously advysedly and expressly utter or declare by any Pryntinge Wrytinge Cyphryng Speache Wordes or Sayinges; or yf any person or psons whatsoever after the saide laste daye of June shall malitiously advisedly and directly publish declare holde opynion affyrme or saye by any Speach expresse Wordes or Sayinges, that our said SoPaine Ladye Queene Elizabeth during her Lyfe is not or ought not to be Queene of this Realme of England and alsoe of the Realmes of Fraunce and Ireland; or that any other pson or psons ought of Ryght to be Kyng or Queene of the sayd Realmes of England and Ireland or of any other her Ma'f Domynions being under her Ma'f Obeysaunce, during her Ma'f Lyfe; or shall by Wryting Pryntinge Preachinge Speache expresse Wordes or Sayinges, malitiously advysedly and directly publishe set for the and affyrme that the Queene our sayd So^ayne Ladye Queene Elizabeth is an Heretyke Schesmatyke Tyraunt Infidell or an Usurper of the Crowne of the sayd Realmes or any of them, That then all and every such sayde Offence or Offences shalbe taken deemed & declared by the aucthoritie of this Acte and Parliament to be High Treason; and that aswell the pryncipall Offendor or Offendors therein, as all and every the Abettors Councellors and peurers to the same Offence or Offencf, and all and every Aydors and Comforters of the same Offendor or Offendors, knowing the same Offence or Offences to be done and comitted in any Place w"‘in this Realme or withoute, being thereof lawfully and duely indyted convycted and attaynted according (') the usuall Order and Course of the Comon Lawes of this Realme, or according to the Acte made in the XXXVth yere of the Raigne of the late Kynge of famos Memorye Kynge Henry the Eyght, Father of our said Sov’aigne Ladye entytuled An Acte conceminge

J

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 1

527

the Tryall of Treasons comitted oute of the Kynges Ma'f Domynyons, as the care shall requyre, shalbe deemed declared and adjudged Traytors to the Queene and the Realme, and shall suffer paynes of Death, and also forfaite unto the Queenes Ma" her Heires and Successors, all and singuler Landes Tenement f and Hereditamentes Goodes and Catals, as in Cases of High Treason by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme at this daye of Ryght ought to be forfaited and loste.

And be yt allso enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and every person and psons of what Degree Condycion Place Nation or Estate soever they be, w® shall after the end of Thyrtey daies next after the laste daye of this present Session of this Parliament, at any tyme in the Lyfe of o' Soveraigne Ladye Quene Elizabeth in any wyse clayme pretende utter declare affyrme or publishe themselves or any of them, or any other then o' said Soveraigne Ladye Elizabeth the Queenes Ma1" that nowe is, to have Righte or Title to have or enjoye the Crowne of England during or in the Lyfe of our said Soveraigne Ladye; Or shall usurpe the same Crowne or the Royall Style Tytle or Dignitie of the Crowne or Realme of Englande during or in the Lyes of o’ said Soveraigne Ladye, or shall holde and affyrme that o' said Sov’aigne Ladye hathe not Ryghte to holde and enjoye the said Crowne and Realme Style Tytle or Dygnitie, or shall not after any Demaunde on o' said Soveraignee Ladys parte to be made effectually acknowledg our said So^aigne Lady to be in Ryghte, true and lawfull Queene of this Realme, thay and every of them so offending shalbe utterly dysabled during their naturall Lyves onely, to have or enjoye the Crowne or Realme of England, or the Stile Title or Dignitie thereof at anye tyme in Succession Inheritance or otherwyse after the Decease of our said Soveraigne Ladye as yf suche pson were naturally dead; Any Lawe Custome Pretence or Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be yt further enacted, That yf any person shall duryng the Queenes Ma'f Lyfe, in any wyse holde affyrme or maynteyne any Right Title Interest or Possibilitie in Succession or Inheritance, in or to the Crowne of England after our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene to be ryghtfully in or lawfully due or belonging unto any such Claymer Pretender Usurper Utterer Declarer Affyrmer Publisher or not Acknowledger, so that o' said Sovayne Ladye the Queene shall by Pclamation to be published throughe the Realme, or els in the more parte of those Sheris of this Relme, aswell on the Southsyde as the Northsyde of Trent, and also in the Domynyon of Wales, in w'h Shyres no Warr or Rebellion then shalbe, set foorth notifie or declare such clayming pretence uttering declaration affyrming publishing usurpation or not acknowledging, then every pson wch after such Pclamation shall duryng the Queenes Ma'f Lyfe mayntayne holde or affyrme any Ryght in Succession Inheritance or Possibilitie in or to the Crowne or Realme of England or the Rightes thereof to be in or to any such Claymer Pretender Utterer Declarer Affyrmer Usurper Publisher or not Acknowledger, shalbe a High Traytor and suffer and forfayte as in Cases of Highe Treason is accustomed.

And be yt further enacted, That yf any person shall in any wyse holde and affyrme or mayntayne that the Comon Lawes of this Realme not altred by Plyament, ought not to dyrecte the Ryght of the Crowne of England) or that o' said SosPayne Ladye Elizabeth the Quenes Ma’f that nowe is, with and by the aucthoritye of the Parlyament of Englande is not able to make Lawes and Statutes of suffycyent force and valyditie to lymit and bynd the Crowne of this Realme, and the Descent Lymitac&n Inheritaunce and Government thereof, or that this present Statute, or any parte thereof, or any oth' Statute to be made by the aucthorytie of the Parlyament of England w"1 the Royall Assent of o' said Sov’ayne Ladye the Quene for lymiting of the Crowne, or anye Statute for recognysing the Right of the said Crowne and Realme to be justly and lawfully in the moste Royall Pson of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, is not are not or shall not or ought not to be for ever of good and sufficient force and validitie to bynde lymit restrayne and goveme all psons their Rightes and Titles that in any wyse maye or might clayme any Interest or Possibilitie in or to the Crowne of England in Possession Remaynder Inheritaunce Succession or otherwyse howsoev', and all oth' psons whatsoever, every suche pson so holdynge affyrming or mayntayninge during the Lyfe of the Queenes Mall' shalbe judged a Highe Traytor and suffer and forfaite as in cases of Highe Treason is accustomed; And every pson so holdynge affrymynge or mayntayninge after the Deceasse of o' said Sov’aine Ladye shall forfayte all his Goods and Cattayles.

And for the avoydyng of contentious and seditious spreading abrode of Tytles to the Succession of the Crowne of this Realme to the dysturbyng of the comon quiet of the Realme; Bee yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That whosoever shall hereafter duryng the Lyes of o' said Sov^aigne Ladye, by any Booke or Worke prynted or written, dyrectly 8c expresly declare and affyrme at any tyme before the same be by Acte of Parlyament of this Realme established and affyrmed, that any one pticul' pson whosoever it be, is or ought to be the ryght Heire & Successor to the Queenes Ma'" that nowe is (whome God longe preserve) except the same be the naturall yssue of her Ma'f Bodye, or shall willfully set upp in open place publishe or spreade any Bookes or Scrowles to that effect, or shall print bynde or put to sale, or utter or cause to be prynted bounde or put to sale or uttered any such Booke or Wrytynge wittinglye, that he or they theire Abbetto's and Counselours, 8c e9y of them, shall for the fyrste Offence suffer ymprysoment of one whole yere, and forfayte halfe his Goodes, whereof the one Moitie to the Quenes Ma,c the other Moyde to hym or them that will sue for the same by Byll Action of Debt Playnte Information or otherwyse in any of the Quenes Ma'f Courts, wherein no Essoyne or Ptexion shalbe alowed; And yf any shall eftsoones offend therein then thaye and everye of them theire Abbettors and Counselor shall incurr the paynes and forfayturf w* in the [Statute1] of Provysion or Premunyre are appoynted and lymited.

1 Statutf 0.

II.

All Persons who, during the Queen's Life, shall claim Title to the Crown, or usurp the Royal Title, or refute to acknowledge the Queen'i Right, disabled from inheriting the Crown.

III.

All Claimant! or Pretender! to any Right of Succession to the Crown, contrary to the Queen s Proclamation, declared

IV.

Denying the Power of the Common Law, or of this or any other Act, for limit ing the Descent of the Crown, declared High-Treason during the Queen's Life; and afterwards punishable by Forfeiture of Goods.

V.

Punishment on printing or publishing that any particular Person, not so declared by Act of Parliament, is Heir & Successor to the Queen, except her Issue ; lit Offence,

One Year's Imprisonment, Scc. ad Offence, Premunire.

528

13° Eliz. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1571.

P hJl b Provyded alwaye, That yf it shall happen hereafter any Pere of this Realme to be indyted of anye Offenca made

tried by Peer«. Treason by this Acte, he shall have his tryall by his Peeres, as in other cases of Treason ys accustomed.

VII\ General Saving for Titlei of Strangers.

VIII. Limitation of Prosecutions,

Six Months, See.

Savynob to all and every person and psons Bodyes Politique and Corporate, theyre Heyres and Successors, other then the said Offendo's and theyr Heirf claymyng onely as Heire or Heyres to anye suche Offendo', and suche p6on and psons as dayme to any theire Uses all suche Ryghtf Titles Interests Possessions Leases Rentes Revertions Offyces and other Proffittf wch thay or any of them shall have at the daye of the comittynge suche Offence or Offences, or at any tyme before, in as large and ample maner as yf this Acte had never ben hadd or made.

Provyded alsoe and be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That no pson or psons shall in any wyse bee arraygned for anye of the Offencf mentioned in this Acte to be comitted or don w^in any the Queenes Ma'f Realmes or Domynyons, unlesse the Offendo' or Offendo's be thereof indited w,hin Syxe Monethes next after the same Offence comitted; Any Thing mentioned in this Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge; And that no pson or psons shall in any wyse be arraygned for anye the Offences mencyoned in this Acte to be comitted or done out of anye the Quenes Ma'f Realmes or Domynions, unlesse the Offendo' or Offendo" be thereof indited w"4n one yere next aft' ye same Offence comitted; Any Thyng mentioned in this Acte to the contrary notw^standing.

IX.

Proof required by Two Witnesses, in Presence of the Party arraigned.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaid. That no pson or psons shalbe hereafter arraigned for anny of the Offence or Offencf mentioned in this Acte, unlesse the same Offence or Offences be proved by the Testimonye Deposition and Othe of two lawfull 8t sufficient Wytnesses; wch said Wytnesses shall att the tyme of the Arraignement of such pson so offendynge, be brought forth in pson before the ptie so arraigned Face to Face, and there shall avowe and openly declare all they can saye againste the ptie so arraygned, unlesse the said ptie arraigned shall wyllingly w^out vyolence confesse the same.

X.

Punishment of Accessories in declaring the Queen a Heretic or Usurper;

1st Offence, Premunire; ad Offence, Treason.

Provided allso and be it enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid. That the Aydo's and Comforters of suche of the Offendo's aforesaid as shall malitiously advysedly and dyrectly publishe set forth and affyrme that the Queenes Highnes that nowe is, [is an Heritike Schismatyke Tyrant Infidell or Usurp of the Crowne as in fourme aforesaid, shall for his said fyrste Offence of ayding and comfortinge the sayde laste recited Offendo' or Offendors, knowing the same Offence or Offences to be comitted, incurr onely the Daunger and Penaltie of Premunyre mentioned in the Statute of Premunire made in the syxteenth yere of Kynge Richard the Seconde; And that such Aydo's and Comforters of the Offendor or Offendors aforesaid laste recited, knowing the same Offences to be comitted, wcfc after theire fyrst Convyction & Attainder thereof shall eftsones offend, shall for his or their seconde Offence be adjudged Highe Traytors and suffer and forfayte as in cases of High Treason as is aforesaid.

XL

Proviso for Charitable Assistance to Offenders in Prison.

Provyded allwayes and be it enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid. That the gevinge of Charytable Aimes, in Monye Meate Drynke Apparrell or Beddyng, for the Sustentation of the Bodye or Helth of any pson or psons that shall comit any the Offences made Treason or Premunyre by this Acte during the Tyme that the same Offendor shalbe in p*son, shall not in any wyse be demed or taken to be any Offence; Any Thynge in this Acte contayned to the contrary thereof notwithstandynge.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte agaynste the bringing in and putting in Execution of Bulls and other Instruments from the Sea

of Rome.

Recital of Stat. j Eliz. c. i. § x. against upholding the Jurisdiction of the See of Rome;

Transgressions of the said Act under Bulles or Absolutions, &c. obtained from Rome;

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westm in the fifte yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Ladyc the Queenes Ma"* that nowe is, by one Acte & Statute then and there made, entytuled An Acte for the Assuraunce of the Queenes Ma'f Royall Powre over all States & Subjects w^in her Hyghnesse Domynions, it is among other Thinges very well ordayned and pvided, for the abolishing of the usurped Powre and Jurisdiction of the Byshop of Rome and of the Sea of Rome heretofore unlawfully claymed and usurped w^in this Realme and other the Domynions to the Quenes Ma'c belonging, that no pson or psons shall holde or stande with to set foorth mayntaine defend or extoll the same usurped Powre, or attrybute any maner Jurisdyction Aucthoritie or Prehemynence to the same, to be hadd or used w^in this Realme or any the sayd Domynions, upon payne to incurr the Dang' Penalties and Forfeitures ordeyned and pvided by the Statute of Provysion & Premunire made in the Sixteenth yere of the Raigne of Kynge Rychard the Second, as by the same Acte more at large yt doeth and maye appere; And yet neverthelesse dyverse seditious and very evell disposed People, w,houte respect of their duetie to Almightey God or of the Fayth and Allegyaunce wch thaye ought to bere and have to our said Soveraigne Ladye the Quene and w,hout al Feare or Regard had to the sayde good Lawe and Statute, or the paynes therein lymited ; but mynding as it should seeme verye seditiously and unnaturally, not only to bring this Realme and the Ymperiall Crowne thereof (being in very deede of it selfe moste free) into the Thraldome and Subjection of that forreyn usurped and unlawfull Jurisdiction Preheminence and Aucthoritie claymed by the said Sea of Rome, but also to estraunge and alienate the

A.D. 1571.

13° Eli z. c. 2.

5 29

Myndes and Hartes of sundry her Ma'f Subjectes from their duetyfull Obedyence, and to raise and stirr Sedition and Rebellion w'^in this Realme, to the disturbance of the moste happye Peace thereof, have lately pcured and obtayned to themselves from the said Byshop of Rome and his said Sea, dyverse Bulles and Wrytynges, the Effect whereof hath ben and is to absolve and reconcile all those that wilbc contented to forsake their due Obedyence to our moste gratious Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Ma", and to yeld and subjecte themselves to the said fayned unlawfull and usurped Aucthoritie, and by color of the said Bulls and Writinges the said wycked psons verye secretly and moste seditiously in such partes of this Realme where the people for want of good InstruccUn are moste weake simple and and ignorant, and thereby fardest from the good understanding of their Dudes towardes God and the Quenes Ma"*, have by their Jude and subdll practeses and perswacions so farre forth wrought, that sundrye symple and ignorant psons have ben contented to be reconcyled to the saide usurped Aucthoride of the Sea of Rome, and to take Absoludon at the handes of the said naughde and subdll practysers, whereby hathe growne greate dysobedience and boldnesse in manye, not onely to w"drawe & absent themselves from all Dyvyne S'vice nowe moste godly set forth and used w^in this Realme, but also have thought themselves dyscharged of and from all Obedyence Duede and Allegiaunce to her Ma"% whereby moste wycked and unnaturall Rebellyon hathe ensued, and to the further Daunger of this Realme is hereafter very lyke to be renewed yf the ungodly and wycked attemptes in that behalf bee not by severiue of Lawes in tyme restrayned and brydeled; For. Remedie and Redresse whereof, and to prevent the greate Myscheefes and Inconvenyencf that thereby maye ensue, Bee yt enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma‘" w,h Thassent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by Aucthoride of the same, That yf any person or psons after the fyrste daye of July next cdming, shall use or put in ure in any Place w^in this Realme or in any the Queenes Domynions, any suche Bull Wry ting or Instrument written or prynted of Absolution or Reconciliation at any tyme heretofore obtayned and gotten, or at any tyme hereafter to be obtayned or gotten from the said Bysshop of Rome or any his Successors or from any other pson or psons aucthorized or clayming Aucthoritie by or from the said Bysshopp of Rome his Predecessors or Successors or Sea of Rome; Or yf any person or psons after the said fyrste daye of July shall take upon him or them by color of any such Bull Wriring Instrument or Aucthoritie to absolve or reconcyle any pson or psons, or to graunte or pmisse to any pson or psons w'‘‘in this Realme or any othr the Queenes Ma‘f Domynions, any suche Absolution or Reconciliation by any Speache Preaching Teaching Writing or any other open Deede; Or yf any pson or psons wlllin this Realme or any the Queenes Domynions, after the said fyrste daye of Julye, shall wyllingly receave and take any suche Absolution or Reconciliation; Or els yf any person or persons have obtayned or gotten synce the laste daye of the Pliam' holden in the fyrst Yere of the Queenes Ma'f Raigne, or after the said fyrst daye of July shall obtayne or get from the said Bysshop of Rome or any his Successors or Sea of Rome, any maner of Bull Writinge or Instrument written or prynted, contaynyng any Thinge Matter or Cause whatsoever; Or shall publishe or by any Waies or Meanes put in Ure any suche Bull Writyng or Instrument, That then all and every suche Acte and Actes Offence and Offences, shalbe demed and adjudged by the Aucthoritye of this Acte to be Hyghe Treason, and the Offendor and Offendors therein theyre Pcurers Abettors and Counsellors to the Facte and comittyng of the saide Offence or Offences, shalbe deemed and adjudged Highe Traytors to the Queene and the Realme; and being thereof lawfully indicted and artaynted according to the Course of the Lawes of this Realme, shall suffer Paynes of Death, and alsoe lose and forfaite all theire Landes Tenementf Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattells, as in Cases of High Treason by the Lawes of this Realme ought to be lost and forfaited.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That all and every Aydors Comforters or Maynteyners of anye the saide Offendor or Offendo's after the comittyng of any the said Actes or Offences, to thentent to set forth uphold or alowe the doing or execution of the said usurped Powre Jurisdiction or Aucthoritie touching or concerning the Premisses or any pte thereof, shall incurr the Paynes & Penalties contayned in the Statute of Premunire, made in the sixteenth Yere of the Raigne of King Richard the Second.

Provided allwayes and be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons to whome any suche Absolution Reconciliation Bull Wryting or Instrument as is aforesaid, shall after the said fyrst daye of July be offered moved or perswaded to be used put in ure or executed, shall conceale the same Offer Motion or Pswasion, and not dysdose and signyfie the same by Wrytyng or otherwyse w^in Syxe Weekes then next folowinge to some of the Queenes Ma'f pvye Counsell or els to the President or Vyce President of the Queenes Ma'f Counsel established in the Northe Ptes, or in the Marches of Wales, for the tyme being, That then the same pson or psons so consealing and not dysclosing or not signyfyeng the said Offer Motion or Pswasion, shall incurre the Losse Daunger Penaltye and Forfayture of Mysprysion of Highe Treason: And that no pson or psons shall at any tyme hereafter be impeached molested or troubled in or for Misprision of Treason, for any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Acte, other then suche as by this Acte are before declared to be in case of Misprision of High Treason.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any person or psons shall at any tyme after the said firste daye of July bring into this Realme of England or any the Domynyons of the same, any Token or Tokens Thing or Thynges called or named by the Name of an Agnus Dei, or any Crosses Pyctures Beades or suche lyke vayne and superstitious Thynges from the Bysshop or Sea of Rome, or from any pson or psons aucthorized or clayming aucthorytie by or from the sayd Bysshop or Sea of Rome to consecrate or halowe the same, wch said Agnus Dei is used to be specially halowed and consecrated as it is termed by the said Bysshopp in his owne pson,

Putting in Ure any •uchBulle.or giving or receiving Absolution thereunder, or obtiining or using any Bulte whatever from Rome, declared High Treason.

II.

Punishment of Accessories after the Fact; Premunire.

III.

Concealing the Offer of any such Bulle, Misprision of Treason;

IV.

Punishment for importing or receiving any Agnus Dei, Crosses, See.; Premunire under St. i6R.II. c.y.

6 T

[Digit GO gif

530

13° Eliz. c. 2.

A.D. 1571

V.

Persons apprehending, Ire. Offenders offering any Agnus Dei,&c. indemnified against Penalty for receiving same.

VI. Pardon to all Persons delivering up Bulles in their Possession, and confessing and repenting their having received Absolution, &c.

VII.

Penalty on Justices of Peace concealing Offences; Premunire.

and the said Crosses Pyctures Beades and suche lyke superstitious Thinges ben also halowed either by the said Bysshop or by others having Powre or pretending to have Powre for the same, by or from hym or his said Sea, and dyvers Pdons I muni ties and Exemptions graunted by the aucthoritie of the said Sea to such as shall receave and use the same, and that yf the same pson or psons so bryngyng in as is aforesaid such Agnus Dei and other lyke Thynges as ben before specyfied, shall deliver or [offer or cause'] to be delyvered the same or any of them to any Subject of this Realme, or of any the Domynyons of the same to bee wome or used in any wyse, that then aswell the same psone and psons so doing, as also all and every other pson or psons wr" shall receave and take the same, to thintent to use or weare the same, being thereof lawfully convicted and attaynted by the order of the comen Lawes of this Realme, shall incurr into the Daungers Penalties Paynes and Forfaytures ordeyned & pvyded by the Statute of Premunire and Provysion made in the Sixteenth yere of the Raigne of Kyng Rycharde the Second.

Provided neverthelesse and be -it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons to whome any suche Agnus Dei or other the Thynges aforesaid shalbe tendred and offered to be delyvered, shall apprehend the Partie so offering the same, and bring hym to the next Justice of Peace of that Shyre where suche Tendre shalbe made, yf he shalbe of powre and able so to do, or for lacke of suche liabilitye, shall w,hin the space of Three Dayes next after such Offer made as is aforesaid dysclose the Name and Names of suche pson or psons as so shall make the same Offer, and the Dwelling Places or Place of Resorte of the same pson or psons (wth he shall indevor hymself to know by all the wayes and meanes he can) to the Ordinarie of that Diocesse, or to any Justice of Peace of that Sheyre where suche pson or psons to whome such Offer shalbe made as is aforesaid, shalbe resiaunt, and also yf suche pson or psons to whome such Offer shalbe made, shall happen to receave any suche Agnus Dei or oth* Thyng above remembred, and shall w^in the space of one daye next after suche Receypt, delyver the same to any Justice of Peace w,hin the same Sheyre where the Partye so receaving shalbe then resyaunt or shall happen to be, that then every suche pson or psons doing anye the Actes or Thinges in this Provyso above mentioned in fourme above declared, shall not by force of this Statute, incurr any Daunger or Penaltye appoynted by this Statute, or any other Payne or Penalty; This Acte or any Thing therein contayned to the contrary in any wyse notw^standinge.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaide, That all and every pson and psons w* at any tyme sence the begyning of the fyrst yere of the Quenes Ma’f Raigne that nowe is, have brought or caused to be brought into this Realme, any suche Bulls Wrytinges or Instruments of Reconciliation only as are above mentioned, and nowe have anye of the same Buis Wrytynges or Instrumentes in his or theire Handes or Custodye, and shall and do w'hin the space of Three Monethes next after the end of anye Session or Dissolution of this present Parliament, brynge and delyver all suche Buis Wrytynges and Instrumentes w* thaye or any of them nowe have in his or theire Custodie, to the Bysshop of the Diocesse where suche Absolution hathe ben geven and receaved, to the intent that the same Bulls Writinges or instrumentf maye be canceled and defaced, and shall openly and publikely before such Bysshopp confesse and acknowledg his or theyr Offence therein, and humbly desire to be reccyved restored and admitted to the Church of Englande, shall stand and be clearely pardoned and dyschardged of all and every Offence and Offences done or cotnitted in any Matter or Cause concerning anye of the said Bulls Writynges or Instrumentes for or touchyng suche Absolution or Reconciliation onelye; And that all and every pson and psons which have receaved or taken anye Absolution from the said Bysshopp of Rome or his said Sea of Rome, of any Reconciliation unto the said Bysshop of Rome or to the said Sea of Rome sythens the said fyrst yere of the Raigne of our said SoPaine Ladye the Queene, and (shall wlhin the saide space of Three Monethes next after any Session or Dyssolution of this present Parham*, come before the Bysshop of the Diocesse of such Place where suche Absolution or Reconciliation was had or made, and shall publikely and openly before the same Bysshop confesse 8t acknowledg his or theire Offence therein, and humbly desire to he receaved restored and admitted to the Church of Englande, shall lykewyse stand and be clearely pdoned and dyscharged of all and every Offence and Offencf done or comitted in any Matter or Cause concerning the said Bulles Writinges or Instrumentes for or touching onely receavinge of suche Absolution or Reconciliation, and for and concerning all Absolution or Reconciliation had or receaved by colo* of any of the said Bulles Writyngf or Instrumentes onely.

Provided allsoo and be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any Justice of Peace to whome any Matter or Offence before mentioned shalbe uttered shewed or declared as is aforesaid, doo not w"*in the space of Foureteene Daies next after it shalbe to him shewed or uttered, signifie or declare the same to some one of the Queenes Ma'f Privi Counsell, that then the same Justyce of Peace shall incurr the Daunger Payne and Forfeiture pvided by the said Statute made in the said Sixteenth yere of Kyng Richard the Second.

Peers •hil be Provided also and be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any Noble Man being a Peere of

tried by Peers. this Realme, shall at any tyme hereafter happen to be indicted for any the Offence or Offences aforesaid, that then every such Noble Man and Peere of this Realme shall have his Trial 1 by his Peeres as in cases of Hyghe Treason and Mysprision of Treason hathe heretofore ben accustomed or used.

13° Eliz. c. 2, 3.

531

A.D.l$n.

Savtnoe to all and every person and psons Bodies Polydke and Corporate, their Heyres and Successo's, and the Heires and Successo's of every of them other then the said Offendo's and theire Heyrf, claymyng onely as Heyre or Heirf to any such Offendo's, and such person and psons as clayme to any theyre Uses all suche Ryghtes Tytles Interestes Possessions Leases Rentes Revertions Remaynders Offyces Fees & all other Pfittes Comodities and Hereditamentf as they or any of them shall have at the Daie of the comitting of [any 1 ] suche Offence or Offences or [at1 ] any tyme before, in as large and ample man' to all Intentf it Purposes as yf thys Acte had never ben had nor made; Any Thinge heron contayned to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX.

General Saving for Title of Stranger* on Forfeiture*.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte against Fugytyves over the Sea.

FORASMUCH as the duetie of every Subject consisteth cheefly in redinesse at all tymes to attende to the servyce of his Prynce and Sov’ayne Governor and of his Countrey, when he shalbe thereunto comaunded, either wlhin the Realme or w^oute, both w*" his bodyly Servyce and Assistaunce, w* his Goodes and Landes accordyng to his callying; And allbe it by dyverse Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, none ought departe the same w’Njut specyall Lycense of the Prynce, except suche as in the Statutes be specially excepted, and those yet onely at certayne places appoynted; Yet neverthelesse dyverse and sundry persons, contrary to the duetie of good and lawfull Subjecles, as thoughe they were Soveraigne Rulers themselves and not under Rule and Comaundement, casting awaye raoste wilfully and obstinately the Servyce Duetie Obedyence and Defence of their Prynce and Countrye, do secretly in greate numbers w^oute Lycense of the Queene our and their naturall Soveraigne Ladye, depart this Realme of England and other the Domynions belonging to the same into forreigne Partes and Domynyons of other Prynces, under whose Obeysaunce and Ptection they submit themselves and become their Subjectes, and there do not only unnaturally dyscover the secretes of this Realme their native Countrey as much as in them lyeth, but also do convey w,h them greate sumes of Mony, beyng naturally a parte of the common Treasure of the Realme, spendyng the same to the pffyt and comoditie of Strangers, and in sundry placf to the Releyf of Rebells Fugytives and Tray tors; and not so satysfyed, do further practyse in those forreigne Partes dyvers trayterous rebellious seditious and slaunderous Thinges, aswell by wryting as otherwyse, to the greate Daunger and Peryll of the Queene our moste gracious Sov'ayne Ladye and the State of this whole Realme of England and the Domynions belonging to the same: And to the ende the better to bryng to passe and to mayntayne their said moste unnatfrall Atteptf and divelishe Devyses after thay have determyned so to passe oute of this Realme, do by Fraude Collusion and Covyne, (Thinges detested and abhored by all good Lawes) make dyverse secrete Estates Gyftes and Conveyaunces, aswell of their Landes Tenem*f and Hereditamentf as of their Goodes and Catels, moveable and immoveable; w* said Gyftes Estates and Conveyaunces neverthelesse ben by the secrete intent of the parties to the proper uses and at the free dyspositions of the sayd persones, althoughe by a faigned Countenaunce Shewe and Visage conteyned by Wordes and Sentences in the same fraudulent Gyftes and Conveyauncf, it maye appere that the same are made either to the onely uses pfite and free disposition of suche pson and persons to whome they are so made and conveyed, or to other good and lawfull dyspositions, wcl1 in deede are not most c5monly true nor so intended by the ptis; and so the Profites & Comodities arysing & coming of suche Landes Tenementes Goodes and Cattales ben put in Bancke and Exchaungc, and as it were unnaturally stollen and conveyed oute of the Realme to and for the mayntenaunce expences and fynding of suche dysobedyent trayterous and rebellious Fugytives in forreyne Partes, and thereby also to the impoverishing and defraudyng of the Realme of the naturall Ayde wch it should have thereby yf yt were here preserved and expended: For Remedie whereof bee it enacted established and ordeyned by the Queene our Sov’aine Lady, and the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Pliament assembled by thaucthoritie of the same, That all and every pson and psons of what Estate Degree or Condition they be, being the naturall borne Subjectes of or in this Realme of England or other Domynions, being under the Obeysaunce of the Queene her heires or successors, or being free Denyzens of this Realme, the w‘" at any tyme sithence the fyrste daye of the Raigne of o' said Sov’aygne Lady the Queene (whome Almightey God long preserve) hath passed, or hereafter during her Ma’f lyes, shall passe oute of this Realme of England or of Ireland, or any other the Domynions of the same, at any place whatsoever into anye the Realmes Domynions or Countreys of any forraygne Prynce Potentate or Governor by whatsoever name or names they be called or knowne, w"‘oute the speciall Licence of o' said Soveraigne Lady by wrytyng under the Greate Seale of Englaund Privie Seale or Privie Signet, that then every suche pson or psons wch hathe depted or hereafter shall so departe oute of this Realme or the Realme of Ireland, or any the Domynions of the same, w^out suche Lycence as is aforesaid, and shall not returne into the same Realme of England, and there yeelde and render his or their Bodies to the Custodie and Warde of the Sheryffe of the Countye where such pson or psons shall so aryve, or to some of the moste honorable Privie Counsell of our said Soveraigne Lady, w^in the space of Syxe Monethes next after Pclamation made by our saide SoPaigne Ladye the Quene und' the Greate Seale of England for the returne and yeldyng of the body of such pson or psons so as is aforesaid deptyng wlhout Lycence, shall forfaite and lose to our said Soveraigne Ladye the Quene the whole profites of all

Miiconduct of Subject* rending in foreign Reilmt, and fraudulent Conveyance* made by them of their Property, in Tru*t for themielve*;

Penalty on Subject* or Denizen* leaving the Realm without the Queen'tLicence, and not returning within Six Month* after Proclamation j Forfeit ure of Profit* of their Land* for Life, and all their Good*.

1 0. omits.

532

13° Enz. c.3,

A.D. 1571.

Benefices of Spiritual Persons so offending, declared vacant.

II.

Like Penalties on Persons licensed to depart, and not returning after Expiration of the Licence.

III. Conveyances in Trust by such Persons declared void, as against the Crown.

IV.

Commissioners shall be appointed by Chancery, to inquire of Offenders and of their Lands and Goods, &c. and return their Inquisitions into the Exchequer.

theyre Manors Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes duryng theire Lyves, whereof thay were seised of any Estate of Freholde or Inherytaunce in theyre owne Right or in the Ryght of their Wyves; And also shall forfayt unto the same our Soveraigne Lady the Quene her heyres and successo's for ever, all theire Goodes & Cattels whatsoever: And that all and every the Benefices Prebendes and other Ecclesiasticall Promotions and Dignities whatsoever of every Spiritual! and Ecclesiasticall pson so offending in depting the Realme as is aforesaid, and not retumyng and yeeldyng their bodyes in fourme above lymited, shalbe utterly voyde to all Internes and Purposes, as thoughe the Incumbent were dead; and that the Patrone and Donor of every suche Benyfice Prebend Spyrituall Promotion and Dygnitie, shall and may lawfully present to the same, or give the same in such maner and fourme as yf the said Incumbent were dead.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and every person or psons being naturall borne Subjectes as is aforesaid, and also al and every Denyzen or Denizens w*1 at any tyme sithens the said fyrste daye of the Raygne of o' said Soveraig Lady the Queene, have deperted or hereafter duryng her Ma'f Lyfe shall departe oute of this Realme or the Realme of Ireland, or any the Domynions of the same, by Lycense of our sayde Sovaine Ladye under any the Seales aforesaid into any forraigne Realmes Countreis or Domynions being not under the Obeysaunce of her Hyghnesse, and shall not returne into this Realme and there yeeld his or their Bodye as is above declared w'hin the space of Sixe Monethes next after the expiryng of the tyme appoynted by or in such Lycense for his Abode in such forraigne Realmes Domynions and Countreis yf theyre Lycense shall expyre hereafter, but yf theyre Lycense be expyred alredye then w,hin Eight Monethes after the Ende of this Session of Parliament, yf he or they shalbe at theyre owne Liberty and not restrayned or compelled against their wyll not to depart out of or from such forraygne Realme Domynion or Countrey or not further lycensed as is aforesaid for a further Tearme, that then all and every suche person and psons shall forfaite and lose to our said Soveraigne Ladye the Quene duryng theyre Lyves, the whole pfittes of all the Manors Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, whereof thay shalbe seased of any Estate of Freehold or Inherytaunce in theyre owne Ryght or in the Ryght of theyr Wyfe or Wyves, and also all theyr Goodes and Catalls whatsoever; and that the Benyfice Prebendes and other Ecclesiasticall Emotions and Dygnities whatsoever of every Spirituall and Ecclesiasticall Psone so offendinge shalb utterly voyde to all Intentes and Purposes as thoughe the Incumbent were deade; and that the Patrones and Donors of e9y suche Benefice Prebend Spirituall Pmotion and Dignitie shall and maye lawfully present the same or geve the same, as yf the Incumbent were dead.

And Forasmuche as dyverse of the said psons after they have determyned to passe oute of this Realme or the Realme of Ireland or the Domynions of any of the same w"*oute Licence, or havynge Lycence determyn not to returne into the same according to their Lycence, do most comonly by Covyne and Fraude, make cause or suffer to be made and had. Recoveries Estates Grauntes Leases and other Conveyaunces of their Manors Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentf; and also do by Covyne and Fraude make Gyftes and Grauntes and other Devyses of their Goodes and Catalls, to the Intent and upon pryvye Confidence that the pfites of the same maye be imployed and bestowed in suche Fourme and to suche secret Purposes and Uses as they do or shall lymit & appoynt and be agreed upon : Be yt therefore further enacted and ordeyned by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and every suche Estates Grauntes Leasses Gyftes Devyses and Conveyaunces whatsoever and every of them, being founde by Office to be made and had by Fraude or Covyne as is aforesaid, shalbe as touching suche Interest as by this Acte is appoynted to our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Highnes now being, her Heires and Successors as is aforesaid, and as agaynste the same our Sov’aine Lady the Queene for and concerning the same Interest, utterly voyde and of none Effect or Validitie in the La we; And that our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene shall have and enjoy e the same so covenously conveyed, as yf the Ptye so offending were thereof actually seased or possessed ; Such Recovereis Estatf Leases Grauntes or Conveyaunces suffered had or made, or any Lawe Statute Usage Custome or other Thynge to the contrary notw^standinge.

And be yt further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid. That the Lord Chancelour of England or the Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, shall have full Powre and Aucthoritie during the Queenes Ma'f Lyes, by vertue of this Acte w'hout other Warraunte, to make and awarde oute under the Greate Seale of England, Comissiones from tyme to tyme to such pson and psons as by the Wysdome and Dyscretion of the same Lorde Chauncelor or Kep of the Greate Seale shalbe named and appoynted, to inquire by the Othes of Twelve lawfull Men at the leaste, what person or persons have depted oute of this Realme or other the Dominions of the same, w'foute Lycense, or by Lycence and not returned into the same, and yelded their Bodies in such maner and fourme as is above declared, and what Manors Landes Tenementes Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattels they or any of them were seased or possessed of at any tyme w"'in the space of two yeres next before theyr saide departing or after, and what Estates or Conveyaunces thay or any of them have made, and when and whether the same were made upon Covyne as is above expressed; and what person and psons ben the Terretenauntes of the same Manors Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes or Occupier and Possessors or Takers or Receavers of the pfittes of the same, anil of the said Goods and Catals, and by what Title they holde and possesse the same, and to whose or what use or uses, and of the yerely Rentes and Values thereof: The wch Inquisition thereupon taken shalbe made in Writing indented betwene such of the Comissioners as shall execute the same, interchaungeably sealed w"1 theyr Seales and the Seales of the Jurors by whom the same Inquisition shalbe founde; and that the same part so sealed by the Jurors shalbe delyvered unto the said Comissioners, and the other part thereof sealed by the Comissioners shalbe delyvered and remayne w1'1 the Foreman of the Jurye by whome the same Inquysition shalbe founde; and that the

13° Eliz. c. 3.

533

A.D. 1571.

v.

Inquisition! may be traversed;

Court of Exchequer shall receive Rents, fcc.

VI.

Penalty on Trustees not disclosing the true Uses of such Conveyances) jfjo and Imprisonment.

Commissioners and Barons of the Exchequer may examine such Trustees.

Comissioners w^n the space of two Monethes next after suche Inquysition found and sealed, Shall certyfie and delyver the same Comyssion w‘h the Counterpayne of the same, sealed by the Jurors as is aforesaid, into the Court of the Exchequer of o' said SoPaine Lady the Quene, there to remayne of Recorde.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthority aforesaid, That all and every the said Matters and Thynges being truely found upon any the said Commyssiones by Inquisition as is aforesatd shalbe good and avayleable in y' Lawe to all Intentes and Purposes untill the same shalbe undon by lawfull Traverse, wch the ptie greeved shall have at his Will and Pleasurej And that the Barons of the said Exchequer shall and maye thereupon from tyme to tyme take such order for the true answering of the Rentes Revenues Yssues and Proffyttes of the said Manors Landes Tcnementes Heredytamentes Goodes and Cattels to the use of our said Soveraigne Ladyc the Queene, as unto them and the said Courte of the Exchequer shall seme most expedient.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid, That yf any person or psons to whome anye Estate Graunte Lease or other Conveyaunce is or hereafter shalbe made or had by any suche pson or psons wdl hathe departed, or hereafter shall in fourme aforesaid departe into any forraigne Realme Countrey or Domynion by or w^out Lycence as is aforesaide, of any theyr Manors Landes Tenementes Heredytamentes Goodes or Calais, do not w^in the Space of three monethes next after Pclamation made in the name of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Quene under the Greate Seale of England w,hin any Countrey where the same Manors Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes shall lye, truely declare upon theyre Othes, either before the saide Commyssioners or before the Barons of the Exchequer, or some of them, to what Use and Intente suche Estates Grauntes and Conveyaunces were made according unto the very trueth, w,hout any Concealement or Color, that then every suche pson and psons to whome suche Estate or Conveyaunce is or shalbe made, shall forfayte and loose unto or said Soveraigne Lady, the sume of Twentye Poundes of lawfull Mony of England, and shall also suffer Imprisom* during the Pleasure of the same o' Soveraigne Ladye; And further that the sayde ComissioSs and so many of them as shall take upon them the Execution of the said Comission, and also the Barons of the Exchequer, after the Returne and Certificath of the same Comission before them, shall have full Powre and Aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte by all suche Meanes and Wayes as to them shall seeme moste expedient, to send for all and every suche pson and psons as shall have any Estate Interest Possession Occupation or medling wih the said Manors Landes Tenementes Goodes or Cattels, or any other, and them and every of them to examyne uppon their corporall Othes to open and declare playnly and truely to what and to whose Use Pfyte and Comoditie they have or holde the same Manors Landes Tenementes Goodes and Catells, and howe and to what and whose Use the Rentes Revenues Yssues and Proffyttes of the same, ben and have ben converted and imployed, and howe long tyme, and to use all such other Wayes Meanes and Cyrcumstaunces for the Knowledg of the Trueth in the pmises as to them shall seeme meete and convenyent; And yf anye pson or psons being sent for to be

examyned as is aforesaid, shall not appere at the Daye and Place to them appoynted, and havyng no lawfull excuse for

the contrary; or after Appearaunce shall departe w^oute Lycence of suche as shall have Powre to examyne them as is aforesaid; or shall refuse to answere to such Interrogatories as shalbe mynystred unto them touching the Premises and the Circumstaunces and Dependauncies of the same, that then every person and psons aforesaid so offending shall paye & loose unto the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye, suche Fyne and Fynes for the said Contempt as shalbe assessed by suche as before whome the said Examynations should be made as is aforesaid for the Knowledg of the Trueth in the Premisses.

Savyno to every person and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate theyr Heires and Successors, other then the Generi]'^1Iv'ing foT said pson and psons so deptyng by Lycence or w^oute Lycence as is aforesaid, and other then suche pson and Title* of Strangers,

psons to whome any of the said Assuraunces Conveyaunces or Devyses be or shalbe made as is aforesaid, and other

then all and every such pson and psons w* have or shall have or clayme any thynge of in or to any suche Manors Landes Tenementes Goodes and Cattels by or from any pson or psons to whome any suche Assuraunce Devyse or Conveyaunce shalbe made as is aforesaid, all such Ryghtes Titles Interest? Possessions Leasses Rentes Revertions Remainders Services Offices and other Pfittes and Comodities w^ they or any of them w,houte Fraude or Covyne shall have in the same before such the deptyng of any such pson or psons and not returning as is aforesaid, in

as large and ample Maner and Fourme as yf this Acte had never byn had nor made.

Provyded alwayes, That this Acte or any thing therein conteyned, shall not in any wyse extend to any knowne Marchaunte of this Realme of England or of the Realme of Ireland or any the Domynions of the same, or to any of their knowne Servauntes Apprentices or Factors, or to any knowne [M"'] of Shippes Maryners Saylers or Gunners of any Ship, for and conceminge his or theyr depardnge out of the same wu,oute Lycence into any Forraigne

Realme Country or Domynion for his or theyr onely Trade of Marchaundise; so that suche Marchaunt or

Marchauntes Servauntes Apprentyces Factors M" of Shyppes or Maryners shall not attempt or do, nor shall have attempted or done, any Acte or Thinge whatsoever contrary to the Dewtie of his Allegyaunce, or to the prejudice or perrill of our said So^aigne Ladye the Queene or the State of this Realme of Englande or Ireland or any the Domynions of the same, and shall returne into this Realme and there yeld his Bodye upon Pclamation for his returne as is aforesaid; This Acte or any thynge therein contayned to the contrary notw^standing.

Provyded also, That yf any person by reason of his blind zeale and conscience onely, depart beyonde the Seas w^oute Lycense as aforesaid, or having Lycense doth for the same cause onely tary there after the tyme appoynted by Pclamation be expyred, and do not in the tyme he is beyonde the Seas, or did not before he depted oute of

1 Masters 0.

Trustees refusing to answer mar be fined.

VIII. Proviso for Merchants, Mariners, See.

IX.

Families of Person* absent through blind Zeal, may be provided for under Order of Chancery.

6 U

534

13° Eliz. c. 3.

A.D. 1571.

X.

Persons returning and repenting, shall after one Year be restored to their Lands.

XI.

Proviso for certain Ladies absent in Spain.

XII. Continuance of Act, the Queen's Life.

XIII. Proviso for Peers, until required to return by Letters under the Privy Seal.

XIV. Proviso for Peers now absent, on returning to the Realm.

England conspire compasse or imagyne and by Worde Wryting or any other open Acte declare any evill Minde to the Quenes Ma* or her Estate or quyet Govemement of her Ma'f Realme, That then and in suche case, the Lord Chauncelo' or the Lord Keper, upon petycion to be made shalby thaucthoritie of this Acte w""out any other Warraunte, lymit and appoint for the Maintenance and Education of his desolate Wyef and Children or any of them, and allot unto them one reasonable Portion of the Revenues of the Landes of such fugytive pson, not under the Fourth Part nor above a Thirde Part of the value of suche Landes as by this Acte shalbe forfaited to her Matie, to be taken of them during the natural Lyfe and Absence of the said fugytive pson, so that the said pson before his depture shall not have made otherwyse sufficient Conveyaunce and Pvision for them by the reasonable Judgment of the said Lord Chauncelor or the Lord Keper of the Greate Seale.

Provided also, That yf any person offending contrary to this Statute abovesaid, shall at any tyme after that by this Acte he hathe forfaited the Pffittes of his Manors Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentf as is aforesaid, repent hym of his Offence and undewtyfull doyng, will acknowledg that greate Grace of God, retume agayne into England, yeeld himself to the Sheryffe of the Shyre as is aforesaid, or to any one of the Queenes Ma'f Pryvy Counsell, acknowleging his Faulte, submitting hymself to the Quenes Ma'f Obedyence, and fullye reconcyle hymself to the true Religion established by Order of Lawe w"‘in this Realme, declaring that his Reconciliation to the Bysshopp of the Diocesse, and shewing the same openly by comyng to the Devyne Servyce by Order of this Realme appoynted, and receavyng the Holy Comunion, That then after one yere expired, every suche person bringing to the Lord Chauncelor or Keper of the Greate Seale, a ?tifica"te from the Bysshop of the Diocesse and the Curate of his Prish, of his true and unfaigned Reconciliation, shalbe restored to all his Landes and the Pffittes thereof w* before was forfayted by vertue of this Acte from thenceforth to be due, and them to reposede from thenceforth in as ample Maner as they had never ben forfaited.

Provyded alwayes, That this Acte or any thing in the same contaigned shall, shall in no maner of wyse extend or be deemed or taken hereafter to extend to the Right Honorable the Lady Jane Duches of Feria, nowe being in Spayne, Daughter unto S' William Dormer Knight, nor unto the Lady Jane Dormer Wydowe Graundmother unto the said Duchesse; Any Thing in this Acte to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Provyded also, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned, shall not contynue or be in Force or Strength any longer then during the naturall Lyfe of the Queenes most Excellent MalK.

(1) Provyded also and be it further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That yf it fortune any Noble man, being a Peere of this Realme, at any tyme hereafter to depart this Realme, whose depture shall not be contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, That then no such Noble man so depting shall incurr any Paynes or Forfaytures pvided by this Acte, unlesse such Noble man be comaunded by the Ires of our SoPayne Ladye the Queene, under her Graces Pryvy Seale or Signet, to make his Retome and repayre into this Realme, and after such Warnyng do not repayre into this Realme according to the Tenor of the same Letters, w^in the space of Eyght Monethes next after the delyvery of suche Letters of or said Sov’aine Lady the Quene unto any such Noble man as is above mentioned; Or yf suche Letters shall not be to him delyvered, so as he maye well retume w<hin Eight Monethes after the sendyng thereof, then unlesse suche Noble man shall not retume w^in other Eight Monethes next after Pclamation to be made as is above appoynted; Any Thinge before in this Acte contayned or expressed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provyded also, That yf any Noble Man being a Pere of this Realme, wch at anye tyme hereafter shall fortune to depart oute of this Realme in suche sorte as by the Lawes of the Realme he may, and who hathe not at any tyme before his depture, nor shall at any (‘) durynge his Abode out of this Realme, practyse or devyse any Matter or Thynge agaynste the Royal 1 Pson of or said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene or the quiet Estate of this Realme, or any other her Highnesse Domynions being under her Obeysaunce, do retume into this Realme, and do yeld hymselfe to Two of her Ma'f Privye Counsell acknowledging his Offence done contrary to this Acte, that then every suche Noble Man shall from thencefoorth be restored to all the Rentes Revenues Yssues and Pffyttes of all his Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes wcl> from thencefoorth should or might growe due unto our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene by reason of this Acte, and that then and from thenceforth the Queenes Hyghnesse Tytle in and to the Rentes Revenues Issues and Pfites of all and singuler his Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentf by vertue of this Act, shall ceasse ende and determyne ; Any Thing in this Acte contayned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

1 The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in One Schedule.

* tyme O.

ytf.-D. 1571-

13° Eliz. c. 4.

535

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte to make the Landes Tenemtes Goodes and Cattalles of Tellers Receavers, See. lyable to the payment

of their Debtes.

FOR the better Securitie of the Queenes Ma"* her heires and successors, against suche as shall have the Receipt and Charge of the Monye and Treasure of her Hyghnesse her heirf & successors, Bee It declared and enacted by the Queenes Ma'ie, w"1 thassent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same, That all Landes Tenementes Pffites Comodities and Hereditainentes w"' any Treasorer or Receaver in or belonging to any of the Queenes Ma'f Courtes of the Exchequer Wards and Lyveries or Duchie of Lancaster, Treasorer of the Chamber, Coferer of the Household to the Quenes Mal,c her heyres or successors, Treasorer for the Warres, Treasorer of any Fort Towne or Castell where any Garison is or shalbe kept, Treasorer of the Admiraltie or Navye, Treasorer Under Treasorer or other pson accoumptable to the Quenes Ma'f her heires or successors for any Offyce or Charge of or w'hin the Mint, Treasorer or Receaver of any sumes of Mony in prest or otherwise for the use of the Quenees Ma'f her heires or successors, or for pvisions of Victual, or for Fortyfications Buildynges or Workes, or for any other pvisions to be used in any the Offices of the Queenes Ma'f Ordinaunce and Artillerie Armori Wardrobe Tentes and Pavilions or Revels, Customer Collector Fermor of Customes Subsidies Impostes or other Duetis w'hin any Port of the Realme, Collector of the Tenthes of the Clargie, Collector of any Subsidie or Fyfteene, Receaver General of the Revenues of any Countie or Counties, answerable in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Court of Wardes and Lyveries, or the Duchye of Lancaster, Clerke of the Hamper, nowe hathe or at any tyme hereafter shall have w,hin the tyme whitest he or they or any of them shall remayne accomptable, shall for the Payment and Satysfaction unto the Queenes Ma,K her heires and successors, of his or theyr Arrevagf at any tyme hereafter to be lawfully, according to the Lawes of this Realme, adjudged and determyned upon his or their Accompt, (all his due and reasonable Petticions being allowed,) be lyable to the payment thereof, and be put and had in execution for the payment of suche Arrerages or Debtes to be so adjudged and determyned, upon any suche Treasorer Receaver Teller Customer Collector Farmer Offycer or Accomptaunt as is before named, in lyke & in as large and beneficiall maner to all internes & purposes, as yf the same Treasorer Receaver Teller Customer Farmer or Collector upon whom any suche Arrerages or Debtes shalbe so adjudged or determyned, had the daye he became first Officer or Accomptant, stande bounde by Wryting obligatori, havyng the Effect of a Statute of the [Stable,'] to her Ma"' her heires or successors for the true answering and payment of the same Arreragf or Debtes.

And forasmuche as manye tymes it may come to passe that the Queenes Highnesse her heyres or successors, shall not nor maye not be convenyently satisfied of the Debt to be determyned or due upon any Accompt or Farmc as is aforesaid, by way of Extent, for that the yerely value of the Landes extended, will not satisfie her Hyghnes her heyres or successors w'hin the compasse of many yerf, so as thereby greate Losse might ensue to her Highnes her heyres and successors: For Remedie thereof bee yt further enacted, That yf any Treasorer Reacever Collector Farmer Customer Teller Collecter of Custome Subsedy or Impost, or other pson Accomptant before mentioned, w"' shall from or after the Feaste of S' Mychaell Tharchaungell nowe next cornyng, receave or be chargeable w'1' any Mony or Treasur of our sayd Sov’aine Ladye the Quene her heyres or successors, and shall upon the determyning of his or their Accompt, (all his & theyre due Peticions to them uppon the same Accompt being allowed,) or by reason of any Farme as aforesaid, be founde in Arrerages, or to owe unto our said Soveraigne Lady the Quene her heyres or successors any sume or sumes of Monye, and shall not w'hin the space of syxe monethes, next after his or theyr Accomptes finished or Debt knowne, (havyng Alowaunce of his or theyr due and reasonable Peticions as is aforesaid,) truely satysfie and paye all suche Arrerages and Sumes of Monye as he or they shall owe upon determynac&n of his or theyre Accompte, or upon his or their Debt knowne as is aforesaid, that then it shall and maye be lawfull to the Queenes Hyghnese her heyres and successors, at any tyme and from tyme to tyme after the said Syxe Monethes ended, to make sale by her or theyr Letters Patentes under the Greate Seale of England of so muche of the Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes of every such Accoumptaunt or Debter, so beyng found in Arrerages or in Debt as is above mentioned, as may suffise our saide Soveraigne Ladye the Quene her heyres or successor, for the Satisfaction of his or theyr Debt or Arrerages to be determined or adjudged upon his or theyr Accompt or Farme as is aforesaid, (all due Petitions being alowed as is aforesaid,) untill her Ma"' her heirf or successors be by such Sale fully satysfied and payed of suche Arrerages and Debt to bee founde upon Accompt or Farme as is aforesaid ; and yf any Overplus of Mony shalbe reserved or had upon any suche Sale, then the same shalbe payde and delyvered to the Accomptaunt or Farmer, or his Heires, by the Offycer that shall receyve the Monye upon any of the sayd Sales, w'"oute any further or other Warraunt in that Behalf to be made or obtayned.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid. That al the sayd Sales to be made by the Quenes Ma"% her Heyres or Successors as is aforesaid, shalbe good and avayleable in Lawe, against the ptye accomptant, indebted as is aforesaid and his Heyres clayming as Heyres, and agaynste the Queenes Ma'u her Heyres and Successours, notwithstanding any former Charge or Encumbraunce to her Ma"* her Heyres or Successors, by the pson or psons for whose Debt or Duetie the same shall fortune to be solde.

’ Staple Modern Printed Copies.—The Original Act is here illegible.

All the Lands, Ac. of every Treaiurer, Receiver, or Accountant of the Crown, declared liable to Payment of all Debts from them to the Crown.

II.

Insufficiency of Extents;

On Nonpayment for Six Months of any Balance due to the Crown by such Accountants, Sec. their Lands shall be sold under Letters Patent, See.

III.

Such Sales declared valid against the Accountant and the Crown.

536

13° Eliz. c. 4

IV.

Lands purchased by Accountants in the Names of others, shall be liable for the Accountants’ Debts to the Crown.

V.

Lands so purchased by Accountants before this AS, declared liable.

VI.

Only so much of such Lands shall be seized as are sufficient to satisfy the Crown's Demand.

VII.

Exemption for Lands of Bishoprick*.

VIII. Exception of Accountants under £300 per Annum.

IX.

Proviso for Accountants not required to make immediate Payments, but to employ their Balance in future Charges of their Office.

A.D. 1571.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons accomptaunt or indebted as is aforesaid shall, at any tyme after he or they shall become accoumptaunt or chargeable as is aforesaid, purchase and bye or cause to bee purchased and bought any Landes Tents or Hereditamentes, and cause the Assuraunce thereof to be made in the name of any other pson or psons, where the same is in dede meant or intended to the Use <Pfyte or Behoofe of such pson accoumptaunt or indebted, or of any other pson or psons, and that the same maner of purchasing and secrett Uses Pffites or Behoofes shalbe founde by Office or Inquysition, that then all and every Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes so to be bought or purchased or caused to be purchased as is before mentioned in this last Proviso, shall by vertue of this Acte be taken deemed and used for the Satysfaction of the Arrerages and Debt of every suche Accoumptaunte or Debter as is above mentioned, to all Intentes and Purposes as thoughe the pson or psons indebted upon his or their accoumpt or forme were thereof actually seased of suche Estate as was conveyed to any pson or psons by any such Accomptaunt or Debter, or by his meanes as is aforesaid ; and that all Sales to be thereof made by the Queenes Ma,le her Heyres or Successors, for Satysfaction of suche Debt or Arrerages as shalbe founde as is aforesaid to be due and owing to our said Soveraigne Lady the Quene her Heyres or Successors, shalbe of lyke effecte, and be used and done in such lyke maner and fourme as is before expressed.

And Whereas heretofore some Treasorers Tellers Receavers Collectors, and others havyng had charge of the Quenes Ma"" Mony and Treasure, have gotten into their Handes great sumes of the Queenes Ma'f Monye and Treasure sithence the begyning of her Ma'f Raigne and have moSt fraudulently employed her Ma'f Mony and Treasure w^ they had in theyr Charge in sundry wyse to theyr owne Uses, partly in the purchasing her Ma'f owne Landes and partly in purchasing Landes of others, and to thintent the same should not be lyable to satysfy and pay her Ma"* her Heyres or Successors of that w<* to her or them should apptayne, have purchased the same sometymes in theyr owne names, and sometymes in the names of sundry theyr Frendes and Kynsfolkes Wyves or Children, and yet neverthelesse have taken and receaved the Rentes and Revenues thereof to theyr owne Uses: Bee yt therefore further enacted and ordeyned by the aucthorytie aforesaid, That all and singuler Landes Tenementes & Hereditamentf w" any Treasorer Receaver Teller Customer Collector Offycer or Accomptaunt before named hathe heretofore, synce the begyning of the Queenes Ma'f Raigne, purchased or caused to be purchased to thintent the same should not be lyable as is aforesaid, (theFraude & Covyne aforesaid being fyrste founde by Offyce or Inquisition,) shall and maye be seased and taken by her Ma'f her Heyres and Successors, and reteyned by her Ma"' her Heires & Successors in Fee Simple, to be solde or otherwyse used at her and theyr Willes and Pleasures, towardes the Payment and Satysfaction of all and every Arrerages alredy set or determyned and adjudged, or that hereafter shalbe set determyned or adjudged upon his or theyre Accompt, (all reasonable and due Peticions beinge slowed,) at such Rate and Value as the same were purchased & bought or caused to be purchased or bought by any suche Treasorer Receaver Teller Customer or Collecto' before named, or by any other pson to their Use.

Provyded alwayes, That yf the Landes & Tenem'f, so to be seased taken or solde by her Ma'" her Heyres or Successors as is laste above mentioned, do surmount, after the Rate and Value aforesaid, the Debt and Arrearages to be set determyned or adjudged upon the Accompt of any Treasorer Receaver Teller Customer Collecter or Accomptant before named, That then her Ma"* her Heires and Successors shall take and sease only so muche as shall amount, after the Rate and Value aforesaid, to the juste payment & satisfaction of suche Debt and Arrerages as hathe ben or shalbe set determined or adjudged upon his or theyre Accompt as is aforesaid.

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That no Byshop having the Collection of any Subsedye or Tenthes, or any his Lands Tenementes or Heredytamentes whereof he is seased in the Ryght of his Bysshopryke, shalbe charged by vertue of this Acte for any Arrerages of Tenthes or Subsidic, otherwise or in any other maner then he might laufully have ben before the making of this Acte; Any Thynge herein conteyned to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge.

And be it also further provyded and enacted by the Aucthoritye aforesaid, That this Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned shall not in any wyse extend to charge any Treasorer Receaver Teller Customer Collector or Accomptaunt aforesaid having any yerely Receipt, nor any theyr Landes Tenementf or Heredytamentes, whose yerely Receipt Collection and Charge, or whose whole Receipt from the begyning of his Charge, is not or hathe not ben or hereafter shal not be above the Summe of Three Hundred Poundes, otherwyse or in any other Maner and Fourme then he or they might lawfully have ben charged before the making of this Acte; Any Thing herein conteyned to the contrary thereof notw'Vanding.

And Forasmuche as sundry the Accomptauntes before named, namely. The Treasorer of the Chamber and Coferer of the Household of our said Sov*aigne Ladye the Queene her Heyres and Successors, Treasorers of Warres or Garrisons, Treasorers of the Navye, Treasorers or Reacevers of any Sumes of Monye for Pvision of Victuall, or for Fortyfications or for Buyldynges, and Mr of the Warderobe, are by Order of theyr Offyces and Charge, after theyr Accomptes ended and determyned, to dysburse expend and defraye the Debt remayninge upon their Accomptes in suche Charges as are necessarily and incidentlye to be spent & pvided in theyr Offyces and Charges, so as they are not of suche sumes of Monye or Debt remayninge upon theyr Accompt to make present Payment and Satysfaction as othr Accompntantf are: Be yt therefore enacted and ordayned by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That this Acte or any thynge therein contayned shall not extend to geve any Powre or Aucthoritie to make Sale of any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes for any suche Debt, to be set & adjudged in any of his or theyre Accomptes mentioned in this

Original f

PENN SI

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

537

Braunche, unlesse the Queenes Ma'" her Heyres [and1] Successors, upon the ending or determyninge of his or their Accomptes, (all his or theyr due Peticions to them upon the same Accomptes being alowed,) requyre or comaunde present payin' thereof, or otherwyse eftsones require a newe Accompt of the same Debt so set or remayninge in any the Accomptes mentioned in this Braunche, And that then the same Debte or any pte thereof shalbe founde to be owing, and [expended*] in the Matters or Charges ptayning to any of theyr sayd Offices or Charges mentioned in this Braunche, and the same Debt remayne unpayde by the Space of Syxe Monethes aft' suche Request or Cdmaundem*.

(J) Provyded alwaye. That this Acte shall not extend to charge any Shereiff Eschetor or Baylyff of Lyberties, or the Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentes of any Sheryff Eschetor or Bayliffe of Lybertyes nor of any theyre Heyres or Assignes, for any Thynge touchinge his or theyr Office of Sheryffwyke Eschetorship or Baylyffwyke, nor for any Monye by hym or them receaved or to be receaved by reaso of any theyr said Offyces, otherwyse or in any other Maner then he or they might lawfully have ben charged before the makynge of thys Acte; Any Thynge herein contayned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provyded also, That this Acte, as touching onely the Sale of any Landes or Tenementf, shall not extend to any Lands Tenemf or Hereditamentf w'h any pson or psons nowe have or enjoye, and have purchased or obtayned bona fide and not beyng privye or consentinge unto anye suche intent to defraude the Queenes Ma'* as is abovesaid; And that it shalbe lawfull to every person and psons whose Landes Tenem,ca or Hereditamentes shalby any Offyce or Inquisition be found to be fraudulently conveyed or assured as is abovesaid, to have his and theyr lawfull Traverse to every such Offyce or Inquisition; And yf it be founde w'h the Ptie that tendereth the Traverse, That then he shall have the said Landes oute of the Princf handes, w,houte any Peticion Lyvery or Oustre lemaine or any ether Suite to be had made or used; And the same, beinge founde for suche pson or psons so traversing the same Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes, shalbe adjudged as not lyable chargeable nor to be sold by force of this Statute.

Provyded also and bee it enacted, That yf the Queenes Ma"' her Heyres or Successors shall by any Sale of Lands by Force of this Statute be fully satysfied of the Debt or Arrerage of any such Accomptat or Debtor or any parte thereof, then the Suerties of suche Accoumptaunt or Debtor shalhe dyscharged of so much of the said Debt Forfayture and Arrerage as so shalbe satysfyed, and for the Residue onely shalbe rateably according to theyr liabilities charged; Any Thing in this Act or any other Statute to the contrary notwithstandynge.

Provyded alwayes. That this Acte, nor any Thynge therein contayned, shall in any wyse extend to charge Henry Goldyng Esquire, and Thomas Neale, one of the Queenes Ma'f Auditors, or the Landes or Tenementes of eyther of them, to whome the Quenes Majestie hath demysed any Customes Subsedies or Impostes, in any Thyng onely touchinge the said Demise and Lease, otherwyse or in any other Maner then they might have ben lawfully charged yf this Acte had never ben had or made; Except thaye or either of them do hereafter take any of the Pfytcs of the said Subsidies Customes or Impostes by Force of the said Demyse; Any Thynge herein contayned to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge.

X.

Act shall not extend to Sheriffs, Escheators, or Bailiff* of Liberties.

Nor to Lands purchased, bona fide; on which the Party grieved may hare nis T reverse.

XII. Sureties shall be discharged, to Amount of the Land of the Accountant sold.

XIII. Proviso for H. Golding and T. Neale.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte against fraudulent Deedes Gyftes Alienations, 8cc.

FOR the avoyding and abolysshing of faigned covenous and fraudulent Feoffmentes Gyftes Gr*untes Alienations Conveyaunces Bondes Suites Judgementes and Executions, aswell of Landes and Tenementes as of Goodes and Catals, more commonly used and practysed in these dayes, then hathe ben seene or hard of heretofore; W* Feoffementf Gyftes Grauntes Alienations Conveyaunces Bondes Suits Judgementf and Executions have ben and are devysed & contryved of Malyce Fraude Covyne Collusion or Guyle, to Thend Purpose and Intent to delaye hynder or defraude Creditors and others of theyr juste and lawfull Actions Suites Debtes Accomptes Damages Penalties Forfaitures Heriottf Mortuaries and Releefes, not onely to the let or hindraunce of the due Course and Execution of Lawe and Justyce, but also to the Overthrowe of all true and playne dealyng barganynge and chevysaunce betwene Man and Man, w"'out the wch no Common Welth or Civile Societie can be mayntayned or contynued: Bee yt therefore declared ordeyned and enacted by thaucthoritie of this present Parliament, That all and every Feoffement Gyfte Graunte Alienation Bargayne and Conveyaunce of Landes Tenementf Hereditam'f Goodes and Catalls or of any of them, or of any Lease Rent Comon or other Pfyte or Charge oute of the same Landes Tenem'f Hereditamentf Goods and Catals or any of them, by Wryting or otherwyse, And all and every Bonde Suite Judgem' and Execution at any tyme, had or made sithens the begyninge of the Queenes Ma'f Raigne that nowe is or at any tyme hereafter to be had or made, to or for any Intent or Purpose before declared and expressed,

Evil* of feigned Conveyance* to defraud Creditor*;

Such Conveyance* declared void a* against the Creditor*.

1 or 0. • unexpended 0. and Old Printed Copiejand rightly.

* The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules.

6 X

by (jOC

5 38

13° Eliz. c.5, 6.

ii.

All Parties to such fraudulent Conveyances, putting the same in Effect, shall forfeit One Year’s Value of Land, and the whole Value of Goods so conveyed;

Half to the Crown, and Half to the Party grieved.

1H.

Proviso for CommonRecovcries by Tenants in Tail, &c.

IV. Proviso as to Estates for Voucher in a Formedon,

V.

Proviso for Conveyances made bona fide, and on good Consideration.

VI. Continuance of Act.

shalbe from henceforth deemed and taken, onely as againste that pson or psons his or theyre Heyres Successors Executors Adniistrators & Assignee and every of them, whose Actions Suites Debtes Accomptes Damages Penalties Forfaiturf Heriottf Mortuaries and Releyfes, by such guylefull covenous or fraudulent Devyses and Practyses as is aforesaid, are shall or mought be in any wyse dysturbed hyndred delayed or defrauded, to be clearely and utterly voyde frustrate and of none Effecte; Any Pretence Color fayned Consideration expressing of Use or any other Matter or Thyng to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoriti aforesaid, That all and every the pties to such faygned covenous or fraudulent Feoffement Gyfte Graunte Alienation Bargayne Conveyaunce Bondes Suite* Judgementes Executions and other Thynges before expressed, or beinge privy and knowynge of the same or any of them, wc* at any tyme after the Tenthe Daye of June next comyng shall wittingly and willingly put in ure avowe mayntaine justefie or defend the same or any of them, as true simple and done had or made bona fide and upon good consyderation, or shall alien or assigne any the Landes Tenementes Goodes Leases or other Things before mentioned, to hym or them conveyed as is aforesaid, or anye parte thereof, shall incurre the Penaltie and Forfayture of one yeres value of the said Landes Tenementes & Heredytamentes Leases Rentes Comons or other Pfytes of or oute of the same, and the whole value of the said Goodes and Cattails, and allso so muche Monye as are or shalbe conteyned in any suche covenous and fayned Bonde; the one Moitie whereof to be to the Queenes Ma", her Heyres and Successors, and thother Moitye to the ptye or pties greeved by suche fayned and fraudulent Feoffement Gyfte Graunte Alyenation Bargayne Conveyaunce Bondes Suites Judgementes Executions Leases Rentes Comunes Pfytes Chargf and other Thynges aforesaide; to be recovered in any of the Queenes Courtes of Record by Action of Debt Byll Playnt or Information, wherein none Essoyne Ptection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted for the Defendaunt or Defendauntes; and also beinge thereof lawfully convycted, shall suffer imprysoment for one halfe yere w^oute Baile or Maynepryse.

Provyded alwayes & be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That whereas sundry commen Recoveris of Landes Tenementf and Heredytamentes have heretofore ben had and hereafter maye be had against Tenaunt in Tayle or other Tenaunte of the Frehold, the Revertion or Remainder or the Right of Revertion or Remaynder then being in any other pson or psons, that ev*y such Comen Recoverye heretofore had and hereafter to be had of any Landes Tenem’f or Heredytamentf shall, as touchinge suche pson and psons w* then had any Remaynder or Revertion or Right of Remaynder or Revertion, and agaynste the Heyres of e$ye of them, stande remayne and be of such lyke force & effect, and of none other, as the same should have ben yf this Acte had never ben had ne made.

Provyded alwayes and be yt further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That this Acte or any Thynge therein contayned shall not extend to make voyde any Estate or Conveyaunce, by reason whereof any pson or psons shall use any Voucher in any Wryte of Formedowne now dependyng or hereafter to be dependinge j but that all and every suche Vouchers in anye Wryt of Formedowne, shall stande and be in lyke force and effecte as yf this Acte had never ben had ne made; Any Thing before in this Acte contayned to the contrary notw,hstandynge.

Provyded also and be it enacted by thaucthoriti aforesaid, That this Acte or any Thynge therein contayned shall not extend to any Estate or Interest, in Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Leases Rentes Comons Pfites Goodes or Catals, had made conveyed or assured or hereafter to be had made conveyed or assured, wch Estate or Interest is or shalbe upon good Consyderation, & bona fide lawfully conveyed or assured to any pson or psons or Bodyes Politique or Corporate, not havyng at the tyme of suche Conveyaunce or Assurance to them made any maner of Notice or Knowledge of suche Covyne Fraude or Collusion as is aforesaid; Any Thing before mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithstandynge.

This Acte to endure unto the end of the fyrst Session of the next Parliament

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte that the Constathes and Exemplifications of Letters Patentes shalbe as good and avayleable as the

Letters Patentes themselves.

For explaining St. 3, 4 Edw.VI. c. 4. respecting Grants by Letters Patent;

Persons claiming Lands, 8rc. under Letters Patent from the Crown, may make Title by Exemplification or Constat of the Inrolment of the Patent, if the same is then remaining in force, &c.

FOR the avoydyng of all such Doubtes Questions and Ambiguities as heretofore have rysen and ben moved, and of such as hereafter might ryse and be moved, in and upon the Statute made in the Parliam' begun and holden at Westm the Fourth Daye of November in the Thyrd yere of the Raigne of our late Sov'aigne Lord Kynge Edwarde the Sixt, entituled An Acte conCning Grauntes and Gyftes made by Patentees out of lets Patentes, and for a due and full Supplie of all such Wantes as maye be thought to be therein; Bee yt enacted and declared by the aucthoritye of this present Parliament, That all and ev*ye Patentee and Patentees, theyr Heyres Successors Executors and Assignes, and all and ev’ie other pson and psons havyng, by or from them or any of them or under theyr Title, any Estate or Interest of in or to any Lands Tenemf or Heredytamentf or any other Thynge whatsoev1, to suche Patentee or Patentees heretofore graunted by any Letters Patentes, either of the moste famos Prynces Kyng Henry Theight, Kynge Edward the Syxt, Queene Mary, Kyng Phillip and Queene Marye, or by any of them, or by the Queenes most excellent Ma* that nowe is, at any tyme sythence the Fourth Day of February in the xxvij yere of the

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 6,7.

539

Raigne of o' said late Kynge Henry the Eight, or els by the Queenes Ma* that nowe is, her Heyres or Successors, at any tyme hereafter to be graunted, shall and maye at all tymes hereafter, in any of the Queenes Hyghnesse Courtes, her Heyrf or Successours, and elswhere by thaucthoritie of this psent Acte, make and convey and be alowed and suffered to make and convey, to and for hym them and every of themselves, such Claim or Title by way of Declaration Playnt Avowrye Barr Replication or other Pleadinge whatsoever, aswell agaynste the Queenes Hyghnesse, her Heyres & Successor and ePy of them, as against all and every other pson and psons whatsoever, for or con&iing the Landes Tenem'f Hereditamentes or other Thinges whatsoever specified or contayned in any suche Letters Patentes, or of for or concerninge any pte or pcell thereof, by shewinge foorth an Exemplification or Constat, under the Greate Seale of England, of the Inrolment of the same tres Patentes, or of so muche thereof as shall and may serve to or for suche Title Clayme or Matter ; the same tres Patentes then being and remayninge in force, not lawfully surrendred nor canceled, for or concerninge so muche and suche parte and pcell of suche Landes Tenem'f Hereditamentes or other Thynge whereunto suche Tytle or Clayme shalbe made, as yf the same Letters Patentes self weare pleaded and shewed for the; Any Lawe Usuage or other Thinge whatsoever to the contrary notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte touchyng Orders for Banckruptes.

FORASMUCH as notw’Vandinge the Statute made against Banckruptes in the xxxiiij yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord Kynge Henry the Eight, those kynde of psons have and doo still encrease into greate and excessive numbers, and are lyke more to do, yf some better pvysion be not made for the Repression of them; and for a playne Declaration to be made and set forth who is & ought to be taken & demed for a Banckrupt: Thekeforb bee yt enacted & established by the aucthoritie of this present Pliament, That yf any Merchaunte or other pson using or exercysinge the Trade of Marchaundize by way of Bargaynynge Exchaunge Rechaunge Bartrie Chevisaunce or otherwyse, in Grosse or by Ratayle, or seeking his or her Trade of lyvinge by buyinge and sellinge, & being Subject borne of this Realme or of any the Queenes Domynions, or Denizen, sithens the fyrst day of this psent Parliament, hathe or at any tyme hereafter shall departe the Realme, or begyn to kepe his or her House or Houses, or otherwyse to absent hym or her self, or take Sanctuary, or suffer hym or her self wyllyngly to be arrested for any Debt or other Thinge not growen or due for Monye delyved Wares sold or any other just or lawfull cause or good consideration or purposes, hath or will suffer hym or her self to be outlawed, or yeld hym or her self to prysion, or depte from his or her Dwellyng House or Houses, to thentent or purpose to defraude or hynder any of his or her Credytors, being also a Subject borne as is aforesaid, of the just Debt or Duety of such Credito' or Credito's, shalbe reputed deemed and taken for a Banckrupt.

And bee yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayde, That the Lord Chauncelo' of England or Lord Keper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being, upon everye Complaynte made to hym in wryting againste any suche pson or persons being Banckrupt as is before defined, shall have full powre and aucthoritie by Cdinission under the Greate Seale of England, to name assigne and appoynte such wyse and honest discrete psons as to hym shall seeme good, who or the moste pte of them by vertue of this Acte and of such Comission, shall have full powre and aucthorytie to take by theyr dyscretions such order and dyrection, wth the body and bodies of such pson wheresoever he or she may be had, either in his or her House or Houses Sanctuary or elswhere, as well by Imprysoment of his or her bodye or bodyes as also w,h all his or her Landes Tenementes Heredytamentes, as well Copy or Customary holde as Freehold, wcl‘ he or she shall have in his or her owne Ryght before he or she became Banckrupt, and also wu* all suche Landes Tenementes and Heredytainentf as such pson shall have purchased or obtayned for Monye, or other Recompence joyntly w" his Wyfe Children or Child, to the onely use of suche Offendor or Offendors, or of or for suche Use Interest Right or Tytle as suche Offendor or Offendors then shall have in the same wch he or she maye lawfully departe w^all, or w‘h any pson or psons of Truste to any secret use of such Offendor or Offendors, and allso w"1 his or her Monye Goods Catels Wares Merchaundizes and Debtes wheresoever they may be found or knowne, & cause the' saide Landes Tenem'f Fees Annuyties Officf Goods Catalls Wares Marchaundizes and Debtes to be serched viewed rented and appraysed to the best value thay may ; & by Dede indented, inrolled in one of the Queenes Ma'f Courtes of Recorde, to make sale of the saide Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentf, and of all Deedes Wry tinges and Evydencf touching onely the same, belonging to such Offendor or Offendo™ Debtor or Debtors, and also of all Fees Anuyties Offices Goodes & Catals, or otherwise to order the same for true Satisfaction and Payment of the said Creditors, that is to saye. To ev*ie of the said Creditors a porcion, rate and rate lyke, according to the quandtie of his or theyre Debtes; and that every Dyrection Order Bargayne Sale and other Thinges done by the said psons so aucthoryzed as is aforesaid in fourme aforesaid, shalbe good and effectuall in the Lawe to all Internes ConstruccSns and Purposes, agaynste the said Offendor or Offendo's Debtor or Debtors, his or theyre Wyfe or Wyves Heyre and Heyres Child and Children, and such psone and psons as by suche joynt purchase wlh the sayde Offendor or Offendors as is aforesaid have or shall have any Estate or Interest in the premisses, and against all other pson and psons clayming by from or under suche Offendor or Offendo's Debtor or Debtors, by any Acte or Actes had made or done after any suche pson shall become Banckrupt as is aforesaid, 8c also agaynste the Lords of the Manors whereof the said Copye hold or Customarie Lands ben holden, their Heyres Successors and Assignees, and every of them.

Insufficiency of 34» JjH.VIlI. c.4. ai to Bankrupts;

By what Acts a Trader shall become Bankrupt; viz. departing the Realm, keeping House, kc. to hinder his Creditors.

II.

Lord Chancellor shall appoint Commissioners to take Order with . the Persons, Estates, and Goods of Bankrupts;

Such Commissioners shall value and sell such Estates and Goods, for Benefit of the Creditors

Acts of such Commissioners declared valid against the Bankrupt, kc.

540

13° Eliz. c. 7.

A.D. 1571.

in.

Purchasers of Copyhold Landi shall utiify the Fine to Lords of Manors, who shall thereon admit them.

IV.

Commissioners shall account to Bankrupt, and pay him any Orerplus.

V.

Commissioners empowered to inquire as to Effects of Bankrupts in the Hands of others, and of Debts due to Bankrupts, &c.

Penalty on Parties refusing to be examined, or to disclose Effects, &c. in their Hands, Double Value, to be applied by Commissioners in Payment of the Bankrupt's Debts, &c.

VI.

Like Penalty on Persons fraudulently detaining Effects of Bankrupts.

VII.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That all and every pson or psons to whome any such Sale of Copyehold or Custumarie Lands or Teiltf shalbe made, shall before such tyme as they or any of them shall enter or take any pfite of the same Landes or Tenementf, agree & compound w"" the Lords of the Manors of whome the same shalbe holden for such Fynes or Incomes as heretofore hath ben most usuall & accustomed to be yeelded or payed therefore; And that upon every suche Agreement or Composition, the said Lordes for the tyme beinge at the next Court to be holden at or for the said Mano's, shall not onely graunte unto the said Vendee or Vendees, upon request, the same Copye or Custumarie Landes or Tenements by Copye of Court Roll of the same Manors, for suche Estate or Interest as to them shalbee so sold, and reservinge the auncient Rentes Customes & Servycf, but also in the same Cort admit them Tenauntes of the same Copy or Customary Landes as other Copy holders of the same Manors have ben wont to be admitted, & to receyve theyr Fealtye accordingly.

Provyded alwayes and be it enacted by thaucthoryty aforesaid, That such of the said Comissioners as shall put the said Comission in execution, shall upon lawfull Request to them made by the said Banckrupt, not only make a true Declaration to the same Banckruptes of the employinge and bestowing of theyr said Landes Tenementes Offices Fees Goodes Cattells & Debtes so payde and satysfied to theyre said Creditors, but also make Payin' of the Overplus of the same (yf any such shalbe) to the saide Banckruptes theyre Executors Admlstrators or Assignes.

And be yt further enacted by aucthorytye aforesaid, That yf after any such Acte or Offence comitted, and Complaynt thereof made to the saide Comissioas so to be appoynted as is aforesaid or the more parte of them, by anye ptye greeved as is aforesaid concerning the p>misses, knowing supposing or suspectinge any of the Goodes Cattelles Wares Marchaundizes or Debtes of such Offendour or Offendours Debtor or Debtors to be in Custodye Use Occupieng Kepinge or Possession of any pson or psons, or any pson or psons to be indebted to any suche Offendor or Offendors, do make relation thereof to the saide Comissioners so to be appoynted or the more pte of them, That then the said Cdmissioners or the moste pte of them shall by vertue hereof and of the said Comission, have full Powre and Aucthoritie to send for and call before them, by such pcesse wayes or meanes as they shall thynke convenyent by theyr dyscretions, all & ev*ie suche pson and p6ons so knowne suspected or supposed to have any suche Goodes Cattelles Wares Marchaundizes or Debtes in his or theyre Custody Use Occupation Kepyng or Possession, or supposed or suspected to be indebted to such Offendor or Offendours, & upon theyre Appearaunce to examine them and every of them, as well by theyr Othes as otherwyse by suche wayes and meanes as the said Comissioners or the more part of them by theyr discretions shall thynke meete and convenient, for and uppo the specialtye certayntie true declaration & knowledge of all and singuler suche Goodes Cattalles Wares Merchaundizes and Debtes of any suche Offendour or Offendours as be supposed or suspected to be in his or theire Custodye Use Occupation or Possession, and all suche Debtes as by them or any of them shalbe supposed or suspected to be owing to any suche Offendour or Offendours; And yf any suche pson or psons upon suche Examination do not disclose & playnely declare and shewe the whole truth of suche thinges as he or they shalbe examyned of concerninge the pmisses to his knowledge, or do denye to sweare. Then ev’y such pson or psons so denyenge to sweare, or being examyned do not declare the playne and whole Trueth conSiing the Premisses, uppon due Proofe thereof to be made before the said Commissioners or the more part of them so to be appoynted as is aforesaid, by Witnesse Examination or otherwyse as to the same Comissioners or the more part of them shall seeme sufficient in that Behalfe, shall lose & forfayte double the Value of all such Goodes Cattelles Wares Merchaundises and Debtes by them or any of them so concealed & not wholly and playnly declared and shewed; Wch Forfayture shalbe levyed by the said Comissioners or the more part of them, of the Landes Tenementes Hereditamentes Goodes and Cattelles of such pson so denyinge to sweare, or not dysclosing the whole Truthe as is aforesaid, by suche Wayes & Meanes, and in such Man} and Fourme as is before lymited and appoynted for the pryncipall Offendour or Offendors Debtor or Debtors } And the same Forfayture or Forfaytures to be distributed or imployed to and for the Satysfacdon and Paymentes of the Debtes of the said Creditor or Creditors, in such lyke Maner Rate and Fourme as is above declared concernyng the Orderynge of the Landes and Tenementes Offices Fees Goodes and Cartels of suche Offendor or Offendours Debtor or Debtors as is aforesaid.

And be yt further enacted, That yf at any time, before or after that any such pson or psons departeth the Realme or shall kepe his or their House or Houses or otherwyse absent hym or themselves or take sanctuary, or suffer hym or themselves to be arrested outlawed or yeelde his or theyre Bodyes to pryson as is aforesaide, any pson or psons do fraudulently, by Covyne or Collusion, clayme dem*nd recover possesse or detayne any Debtes Dueries Goodes Cartels Landes or Tenementes, by Wry ting Trust or otherwise, w" weare or shalbe due belonginge or appartayning to any suche Offender or Offenders, other then suche as he or they can and do prove to be due by Ryght and Conscience in fourme aforesaid, for Mony payde Wares delyvered or other juste Consideration or Cause reasonable to the just Value thereof, before the said Comissioners so to be appoynted, or the more part of them as is aforesaid and the same to proceede (bona fide) w,houi Fraude or Covyn, that then every such person or psons, so craftelye demaunding clayming havyng possessing or detayning any suche Debt Duetye or other Thynge as is aforesaid, shall forfayte and lose double as much as he or they shall so clayme demaunde detayne or possesse, wch sayd Forfayture shalbe levyed recovered and imployed in maner and fourme as is afore rehearsed.

Provided also and bee it enacted by aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf it shall fortune the Creditors of any suche Banckrupt as is aforesaid to be satisfied and payed of theyr Debtes and Dueties, of or w* the proper Landes Tenementes Goodes Cattels and Debtes of the said Banckrupts, or of or w01 the same and some part of the Forfeitures of the said

A.D. 1571

13° Eliz. c. 7.

541

double values to be forfayted as is aforesaid, and that there shall remayne an Overplus of the saide Forfayture of Apphciuon of

the said double values. That then thone Moytie of the said Overplus of the said Forfaytures of the double values so Fortttures after

remayning, shalbe by the sayde Comissioners so executinge the said Comission, wM,in convenient tyme after the

levynge therof, payde unto the Quenes Ma,ic her Heyres and Successors, and thother Moytie thereof shall be Creditors.

by the said Commissioners employed and dystributed to and amongst the Poore within the Hospitalles in every

Citie Towne or Countie where any such Banckrupt shall happen to be ; Any Thynge in this Acte to the

contrarye thereof notwithstanding.

And be yt further enacted by ancthoritie aforesaid, That yf any suche pson or psons w4 is or shalbe indebted, do of purpose w'Mrawe hym or themselves out or from his or theyr usuall Mansion House or Houses, That then uppon Complaynte thereof made to the said Comissioners havyng Aucthoritie as is aforesaid, the same Comissioners or the more part of them shall, by vertue and aucthoritie of this Psent Acte, have full Powre and Aucthoritie to awarde Fyve Pclamations to bee made in the Queenes Name, uppo Fyve sundrie Market Dayes in suche Places neare the Place where such Banckrupte hath moste commonly dwelled or made his Abode, comaunding hym or them by the same Proclamations in the Queenes Name to returne w,h all convenyent spede, and to yeelde his or theyr Body before the sayd Commissioners havyng Aucthoritie as is aforesayd or one of them, at suche tyme and place as by the said Proclamation shalbe appoynted ; And yf the said person do not accordinge to suche Pclamation repayre and yeelde his or theyr Body as is aforesaid. That then the Bodye of all and every such Offendor or Offendours shalbe adjudged taken and deemed to all lntentes and Purposes out of the Queenes Protection ; And that also every pson and persons that shall wyllyngly and wyttynglye help to hyde or convey, or shall willingly and wyttyngly receave detayne or keepe secretely any pson or psons so dem'nded by Proclamation as is aforesayd, shall suffer suche Paynes by Ymprysoment of his or theyr Bodyes, or paye such Fyne to our SoPayne Ladye the Queenes Ma,e her Heyres & Successors, as to the said Lord Chauncelor or Lorde Keper of the Greate Seale (being informed thereof) by the Comissioners so to be appoynted as is aforesaid or the more part of them, shall seeme mecte and convenyent for theyr sayde Offence or Offences.

VIII. Commissioners empowered to i«»ue Proclamations for Appearance of Bankrupts withdrawing the madves; who on Non-appearance shall be out of the Queen’s Protection, and their Concealers punishable by the Lord Chancellor by Imprisonment or Fine.

Creditors not fully satisfied, may proceed against Bankrupts

Provyded alwayes and be yt further enacted, That yf the Creditors of any such Offendour or Offendours Debtor or Debtors, w* so do departe the Realme, kepe his or their House or Houses or otherwyse absent or w'Mrawe hym or themselves into Places unknowne, or take Sanctuary, or wyll suffer hym or themselves to be arrested or outlawed or yeeld his or theyr Bodies into Pryson purposely and for the causes aforesaid, be not fully satysfied or otherwyse ^thrir^bts contented for theyr Debtes and Dueties by the Wayes and Meanes before specyfied and declared, That then the said Creditor or Creditors and ev*ie of them shall and maye have theyr Remedye for the Recoverye & levyng of the Resydue of theyr said Debtes or Dueties whereof they shal not be fully satysfied payde or otherwyse contented in Fourme aforesaid against the sayd Offendor or Offendors, in lyke maner and fourme as they should & might have had before the makyng of this Acte; And that the said Creditor or Creditors and every of them shalbe onely barred & excluded by vertue of this Acte of and for every suche Part and Portion of the said Debtes

Dueties as shalbe payde satysfied dystributed or delyvered unto hym or them by Order of the saide psons as is aforesaid, and of no more Portion or Pcell thereof; Any Thinge herein specified that maye be taken or construed to the contrarye notwthstandyng.

Provided alwayes and be yt also enacted by aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf anye pson or psons wcl' is or shalbe Future Lands published and declared to be a Banckrupt by vertue of this Acte, shall at any tyme after, purchase any Landes Tenementes Heredytamentes Free or Copye, Offyces Fees Goodes or Cattels; Or that any Landes Tenementes liable to their Hereditamentes Free or Copie, Offyces Fees Goodes ot Cattels shall descend revert or by any Meanes come to any unsatlsfied Debts, suche pson or psons being Banckruptes as is aforesaid, before such tyme as theyr Debtes due to theyr Creditors shalbe fullye satysfied and payd or otherwyse agreed for, That then the sayd Landes Tenementes Heredytamentes aswell Free as Copye, Offyces Fees Goodes and Cattels shall by vertue of this Acte be by the said Comissioners to be appoynted as is aforesaid or the more part of the, [be1] barganed solde extended delyvered and used for and towards the payment of the said Credytors, in suche lyke maner and fourme as other the Landes Tenementes Heredytamentes Free or Copye, Offyces Fees Goodes and Cattels of the said Banckruptes wrt they had when they were declared fyrst to be Banckruptes, should or might have ben barganed solde dysposed or used by vertue of this Acte.

(*) Provided alwayes, That this Acte shall not extend to any Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentes Free or Copye Provilofci’boni hold wcl1 heretofore have ben assured by any such Banckrupt, or heereafter shalbe assured by any Banckrupt, fide Conveyances before he become Banckrupt; So alwayes that such Assuraunce be made bona fide and not to the Use of the Bmkmpte^0" Banckrupt hymselfe onely or of his Heyres; And that the pries to whose Use such Assuraunce hath or shalbe made be not at or before the makyng of such Assuraunce privy or consenting to the fraudulent Purpose of any such Banckrupt to deceave his Creditors.

1 So also in Original Act.

- This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Vox.. IV.

6 Y

542

13° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1571.

Recital of Sut.

37 H.VIII. c. 9.

against Usury, repealed, &c. by J&6E.VI. c.ao.

The latter Act repealed ; and the former retired.

II.

All Contracts on Usury above toper Cent, per Annum, declared void.

III.

Agents in such Bargains punishable as in Premunire.

IV.

All Usury being sinful, if not exceeding to per Cent, per Annum, the Offender shall forfeit the Sum received.

V.

Justices may determine Offences.

VI.

Revived Act shall be construed most strongly against Usury.

VIL Proviso for Custom of London, he. as to Orphans.

VIII. Offenders against 37 H.VIII. c.o. may be punished also in the Spiritual Court, lee.

CHAPTER Vin.

An Acte against Usurie.

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden the seven and thyrtey yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord Kyng Henrye the Eight of famos Memory, there was then made and established one good Act for the Reformation of Usurie; by which Act the Vice of Usurie was well repressed, and specially the corrupt Chevisaunce and bargaynyng by way of Sale of Wares and Shiftes of Interest; And where synce that tyme by one other Acte made in the syst & sixe yeres of the Raigne of our late Sov^aine Lord Kynge Edward the Syxte the said former Acte was repelled, and newe Provisoes for repressing of Usurie devised and enacted; wd> said latter Acte hathe not done so muche good as was hoped it shoulde, but rather the said Vyce of Usurye, and specially by waye of Sale of Wares and Shiites of [Interest'] hathe much more excedingly abounded, to the utter undoinge of many Gentlemen Marchauntes Occupiers and other, and to the importable Hurte of the Comon wealth, aswell for that in the said latter Acte there is no pvysion against such corrupt Shyftes and Sales of Wares, as also for that there is no dyfference of payne forfayture or punyshement uppon the greater or lesser exactions and oppressions by reason of Lones upon Usurie: Bee yt therefore enacted, That the said latter Statute made in the fyfte and syxe yeres of the Raigne of Kyng Edward the Syxte, and every Braunch and Article of the same, from and after the fyve and twenty daye of June next comming, shalbe utterly abrogated repelled and made voyde; and that the sayd Acte made in the said seven and thyrtey yere of Kyng Henry the Eight, from and after the said fyve and twentey daye of June next commyng, shalbe revived and stand in full Force Strengh and Effecte.

And bee yt further enacted, That all Bondes Comrades and Assuraunces, collateral! or other, to be made for payment of any Principall or Mony to be lent, or Covenaunt to be pformed upon or for anye Usurye in lendynge or doyng of any Thinge agaynste the said Acte nowe revyved, upon or by w"* Loane or Doinge there shalbe reserved or taken above the Rate of Tenne Pounds for the Hundred for one yere, shalbe utterly voyde.

And bee yt further enacted, That all Brokers Solicitors and Drivers of Bargaynes for Contractes or other Doinges against the said Statute nowe revyved, whereupon shalbe reserved or taken more then after the Rate of Tenne Poundes for the Loane of a Hundred Poundes for a yere, shalbe to all Intentes and Purposes judged punyshed and used as Counsellors Atturneys or Advocates in any case of Premunire.

And forasmuch as all Usurie being forbydden by the Lawe of God is synne and detestable; Bee it enacted, That all Usurie Loane and forbearing of Monye, or gevyng Dayes for forbearing of Monye by way of Loane Chevysaunce Shyftes Sale of Wares Contracte or other Doynges whatsoever for Gayne mentioned in the said Statute w* is now revyved, whereuppon is not reserved or taken or covenaunted to be reserved payde or geven to the Lender Contracter Shyfter Forbearer or Deliverer above the Summe of Tenne Poundes for the Loane or Forbearinge of a Hundred Poundes for one yere, or after that Rate for a more or lesser summe or tyme, shalbe from the fyve and twentey daye of June next coming, punished in fourme folowinge, that is to saye; That every suche OfFendor against this Braunche of this present Statute shall forfayte so muche as shalbe reserved by way of Usurie above the Principall for any Money so to be lent or forborne; All such Forfaytures to be recovered and imployed as is lymited for Forfaytures by the saide former Statute nowe revyved.

And bee it further enacted, That Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Justices of Assise in theyr Circuites, Justices of Peace in theyr Sessions Maiors Sheryffes and Bayliffes of Cyties, shall also have full Powre Sc Aucthorytie to enquyre heare and determyne of all and singul' Offences commytted against the sayd Statute now revyved.

And be yt further enacted, That the sayde Statute nowe revyved shalbe most largely and strongly construed for the repressing of Usurie, and against all psons that shall offend agaynste the true meaning of the said Statute by any Way or Devyce dyrectly or indyrectly.

Provyded alway. That this Statute doth not extend nor shalbe expounded to extend unto any Allowaunces or Paymentes for the finding of Orphanes accordinge to the auncient Rates or Customes of the Citie of London or any other Citie where lyke Order is for the Custodye of Orphanes and theyr Goodes, as is in the said Citye of London.

(') Provided alwayes, and be it further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That yf anye pson or psons shall from and after the said fyve and twentey daye of June offend contrary to the saide Statute revyved by this present Acte made in the seven and thyrtey yere of the Raigne of the said late Kyng Henry the Eight, that then all and every suche Offendour & Offendours shall and maye also be punished & corrected according to the Ecclesiasticall Lawes heretofore made against Usurie; And that all and every person and psons offendinge in Usurie Shyftes or Chevysaunce against this present Acte, and not taking or receyvinge but onely after the Rate of Tenne Poundes in the Hundred

1 Interests 0.

* The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

yfJD. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 8, 9.

543

or und' for a yeare, shalbe onely punyshed by the Paynes and Forfaytures provyded and appoynted by this Acte against suche as shall not take or receave over and above the Rate of Tenne Poundes in the Hundred for a yere, and not otherwyse.

IX.

Thys Acte to contynue and endure for and during the space of fyve yeres next after thend of this present Parliament Continuance of thi* and from thence unto thend of the fyrst Session of the Parliament then next ensuinge; And bee yt farther enacted by y^*^en,te' thaucthoritie aforesayd, That yf this present Act shall not be contynued in the fyrst Session of the Parliament next continued. Act* ensuing the said tearme of fyve yeres, and then in the same Session no other Statute or Pvysion made agaynste Usurie or corrupt Chevysaunce, that then all and every the Lawes and Statutes repelled by this Acte shall remayne and be of such lyke Force and Effect as yf this present Acte had never ben had ne made.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the Commission of Sewers.

FORASMUCH as no Commission of Sewers by the Estat.utes heretofore made, may have contynuance above the space of Fyve yeres; Bee yt therefore enacted by the Queenes most excellent Ma* w,h thassent of the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same. That from henceforth all and every Comission and Comissions of Sewers now standing in force, or that hereafter shalbe graunted & made, shall stand and contynue in force for the terme of Tenne yeres next ensuinge the date of every such Comission, unles the same Comission or Commissions be or hereafter shalbe repealed or determyned, by reason of anye newe Comission in that behalfe made, or by Supersedias: And that all such Lawes Ordynaunces & Constitutions as be or shalbe duely made by force of any such Commission, according to the tenor and effect lymited in any former Estatute heretofore made touching Comission or Comissions of Sewers, and being wrytten in Parchement indented, and under the Seales of the said Comissioners or syxe of them, whereof the one part shall remayne w* the Clarke appoynted and to be appoynted for the Comission of Sewers for the tyme beinge, and thother part in such place as the same Comissioners or syxe of them shall order and appoynt, shall w*\>ut any Certyfycate thereof to be made into the Court of Chauncery and wIhout the Royall Assent to the same had, stand and contynue in full force and effect, notwithstanding anye Determynacion of any suche C5mission by Supersedias, untyll such tyme as the same Lawes Constitutions and Ordynaunces shalbe altered repealed or made voyde by the Comissioners after to be assigned and appoynted for Sewers in those partes where the same Lawes Ordynaunces & Constitutions were made ordeyned & constituted, or by syxe of them.

Commiuiont of Sewer* shall continue for Ten Year* I

Order* of CommitsioneTl shall be valid, without the Royal Auent, be. under luperteded Commiuioni, until repealed by *ub»equent Commissioner?.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That at all tymes from and after the end and expyration of the tearme of Tenne yeres next ensuing the Date or Teste of any Commission of Sewers hereafter to be made, all suche Lawes Ordynaunces and Constitutions as were made by vertue of any suche Commission, and wrytten in Parchement indented and sealed as is above mentioned, w,hout Certyficate therof or thassent Royall to the same had as is aforesaid, shall notwithstanding the Determynation of any such Comission by the expyration of the Tearme of Tenne yeres nexte ensuing the date of any suche Commission of Sewers, lykewyse contynue in force for and by the space of one whole yere then next ensuing; and that the Justices of Peace of the Shyre and Shyres where the same Lawes Ordynaunces and Constitutions are to be executed w,hin theyr severall Commissions and Lymittes, or syxe of them, whereof Two to be of the Quorum, shall have powre and aucthoritie by the space of one whole yere next after the expiration of every suche Commission, to execute the same Lawes Ordynaunces and Constitutions and every of them, as fully and in as ample maner and fourme as the Comissioners or any of them, named and appointed in every or any Comission so expired might or should have done to all intentes and purposes as yf the saide Comission or Comissions had contynued in force.

ii.

On Expiration of any Commiuion, Order* without the Royal Auent shall remain in force for One Year, and be executed by Justice* of Peace.

Provyded alwayes and be it neverthelesse enacted, That yf any newe Comission of Sewers shalbe made wu,in the Power of Justice* said yere, that then imediatly from and after such Commission newelye made and published, that the powre of the shall cea*e on saide Justices of the Peace, and every of them, in any wyse concerning the execution of any suche Lawes Ordynaunces o^mrmuiori of" and Constitutions of Sewers, shall utterly ceasse; Any Thynge or Thinges in this Acte to the contrary expressed in Sewer*, any wyse notw,hstandyng.

And bee yt further enacted, That no Farmer or Farmers for Tearme of yeres of anye Manors Landes or Tenem'f rmntti of T-*™1. lyeng or being w,hin the pcinctes or Lymittes of any such Comyssion of Sewers, wcU be or hereafter maye be ordered liable to Order* of and chargeable by any Lawes Ordynaunces or Constitutions made or to be made by vertue of anye suche Comission k"V

wherein he or they shalbe named or appoynted Comyssioner or Comyssioners, not having Estate of Freeholde w,bin the Commiuioner*, Realme of Englande of or in Manours Landes or Tenementes of the yerely value of fourtie poundes, shall at anye ^j^Annum tyme hereafter have powre to sitte or in any wyse intermedle w* the execution of such Comission or Comyssions, Freehold, duryng the tyme he or they shall contynue or be suche Farmer or Fanners of any suche Manors Landes or Tenementes, and shall not have Estate of Freeholde as is aforesaid; but that every suche Comission, as havyng respecte onely to

544

13° Eliz. c. 9, 10,

A.D. 1571.

v.

No Certificate Or Return of Commissions or Ordinances required in future.

VI.

For answering Fines to the Crown, Clerks to Commissions of Sewers Bhall yearly estreat all such Fines into the Exchequer; Penalty, £5.

VII. Farmers may act as Commissioners as to Lands not in their own Hands.

everye suche person or psons for such and so longe ryme as he or'they shall so be and contynue Farmer or Fanners of any such Manors Landes or Tenementes, shalbe deemed and adjudged in Lawe to be as voyde and of none effect; Any Thing in the same Comission or any Statute or Lawe heretofore made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid. That from henceforth the said Comyssioners nor any of them, shall not be compelled nor compellable to make any &yficate or Retume of the saide Comyssions, or any of them, or of any theyr Ordynaunces Lawes or Doynges by the aucthoritie of any the said Comyssions, nor shall not have any Fyne Payne or Amerciament set upon them or any of them, or anye wayes to be molested in Body Landes or Goodes for that Cause.

And yet neverthelesse to the intent the Queenes MaUc our Soveraigne Ladye her heyres and successors, may be at all tymes hereafter truly aunswered of all suche Yssues Fynes and Amerciamentes as shall happen growe or be forfayted by vertue of anye suche Comission or by thexecution thereof; Bee yt also enacted, That the Clarke and Clarkes appoynted, and hereafter to be appoynted, for and in any suche Comyssion or Comissions of Sewers shall yerely truely extreate all the said Issues Fynes Penalties Forfayturf & Amerciamentes that shalbe due and answerable to her Hyghnesse, her Heyres and Successors, and the same Extreates shall yerely delyver into the Court of the Exchequer at suche tyme & tymes and in suche maner and fourme as Justices assigned to & for the Conservation of the Peace in any wyse shold or ought to do by vertue of theyr Comyssion, uppon payne to forfayte to our Sov*aine Lady the Queene, her Heyres & Successors, for every Defaulte in that Behalfe made Fyve Poundes.

(') Provided alwayes, That yt shalbe lawfull for any Comyssioner, being alsoa Farmer, and not havyng Landes and Tenementes to the cleare yerely value of Fourtey Poundes of Freehold to sytte by vertue of the saide Comyssion, and have his voyce and full aucthoritie wIh others, to make and establish Ordynaunces for Sewers, accordyng to the Tenor of the Comission touching and concerning all Landes and Tenementes w,hin the Precincte of every such Comission, other then such Lands and Tenementes as he or they for the tyme being holde and injoye as Farmer as he or they might have done before the making of this Statute j Any Thinge therein contayned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Dilapidations and Frauds by Ecclesiastics;

In Cases of fraudulent Conveyances by Bishops, Parsons, &c. to defeat the Successor's Remedy for Dilapidations, such Successor may have his Action against the Trustee, as if he were Executor, 8cc.

11.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte against Fraudes, defeating Remedies for Dilapidations, &c.

WHERE dyvers and sundry Ecclesiasticall Psons of this Realme being endowed and possessed of auncient Palaces Mansion Houses and other Edyfices and Buildynges belonging to theyr Ecclesiasticall Benefyces or Lyvinges have of late yeres not onely suffered the same for want of due reperations partly to run to greate ruine and decay and in some part utterly fall downe to the Ground, converting the Tymber Leade and Stones to theyr owne Benefyte and C5mod ytye, but also have made Deedes of Gyfte & coulourable Alienations & other Conveyaunces of lyke Effect of theyr Goodes and Chattelles in theyr Lyves tyme, to Thintent and of Purpose after theyr Deathes to defeate and defraude theyr Successors of suche just Actions & Remedies as otherwyse they might and should have had for the same against theyr Executors or Administratours of theyr Goodes by the Lawes Ecclesiasticall of thys Realme, to the great defacing of the state Ecclesiasticall & intollerable Charges of theyr Successors and evyl President and Example for others, if spedye Remedie be not pvyded : Bee yt therefore enacted by the Queenes most Excellent Ma'" the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled & by thaucthoride of the same, That yf anye Archbysshop Bysshop Deane Archedeacon Provost Treasorer Chaunter Chaunceller Prebendary or any other havyng any Dygnitie or Offyce in any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church w'hin this Realme; Or yf any Parson Vycar or other Incumbent of any Ecclesiasdcall Lyvyng whereunto do belong any House or Houses or other Buildinges wch by Lawe or Custome he is bounde to keepe and maynteyne in reparation, do from henceforth make any Deede or Deedes of Gyft or Alienadon or other lyke Conveyaunces of his moveable Goodes or Chattelles to Thintent & Purpose aforesayd, That then the Successour and Successours of hym that shall make suche Deede or Deedes of Gyft or Alienation, shall and maye commence Suite and have such Remedye in any Court Ecclesiasdcall of thys Realme competent for the Matter against him or them to whome such Deede or Deedes of Gyfte or Alienadon shalbe so made, for the Amendment & Reperation of so much of the sayd Dilapidations and Decayes or just Recompence for the same as hath happened by hys Facte or Default in such sort as he might should or ought lawfully to have yf he or they to whom such Deede or Deedes of Gyft or Alienation shalbe so made, were Executour or Executours of the Testament and last Wyll of hym that made suche Deede or Deedes of Gyft or Alienation or were Administratour or Administratours of his Goodes or Chattels; Any Law Custome or other Thing to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

And for that long and unreasonable Leases made by Colledges De-re and Chapters Parsons Vicars and other having Spyrytuall Promotions be the checfest Causes of the Dilapidation- -.nd the Decaye of all Spyrituall Lyvynges and Hospitallytie and the utter impoverishing of all Successors Incumbentes in the same; Bee yt enacted by thaucthoride aforesaid, That from henceforth al Leases Gyftes Grauntes Feoffmentes Conveyaunces or Estates, to be made had done

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1571-

13° Eliz. c. 10, 11.

.545

or suffered by any M' and Fellowes of anye Colledg, Deane & Chapter of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church, M' or Gardian of anye Hospitall, Parson, Vicar, or any other having anye Spyrytuall or Ecdesiasticall Lyving, [or1] any Houses Landes Tythes Tenement? or other Hereditament? being any pcell of the Possessions of any such Colledge Cathedral Church Chapter Hospital Parsonage Vycaridg or other Spyrytuall Pmotion, or any wayes apparteyning or belonging to the same, or of any of them, [to any of them *] to any Pson or Psons Bodyes Politike or Corporate (other then for the tearme of one and twenty yeres or three Lyves from the tyme as any such Lease or Graunt shalbe made or graunted, wherupon thaccustomed yerely Rent or more shalbe reserved and payable yerely during the sayd tearme) shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effect to at Internes Constructions and Purposes ; Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary any wayes notw^standing.

Provyded neverthelesse and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therein conteyned shalbe taken or construed to make good anye Lease or other Graunt to be made by any such Colledge or Collegiate Church w,bin either of both the Unyversities of Oxforde and Cambridge or els where w,bin the Realme of England, for more yeres then are lymited by the pryvate Statutes of the same Colledge.

Provyded alwayes, That this Acte shall not extend to any Lease hereafter to be made, upon Surrender of any Lease heretofore made, or by reason of any Covenaunt or Condycion conteyned in any Lease heretofore made and nowe contynuing, so that the Lease to be made do not conteyne more yeres then the Residue of the yeares of the former Lease nowe contynuing shalbe at the tyme of such Lease hereafter to be made, nor any lesse Rent then ys reserved in the said former Lease.

All Leases by College*, Dean*, Parsons, &c. except for 21 Year* or Three Live*, at the accustomed Rent, declared void.

III.

Proviso for Leases under College Statute*.

IV.

Proviso for Leases on Surrender, or under Covenant.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the Mayntenaunce of the Navygation.

WHERE at the Parliament holden at Westni in the fyfth yere of your Ma*? Raigne, there was among other made and pvided an Act touching certayne polityke Constitutions made for the Maynten*nce of the Navie, and in the same amongst other Thinges it was enacted, That from the fyrst daye of Aprill in the yere of our Lord God a thowsand fyve hundrede threescore and foure, and so from thencefoorth, it should be lawfull to all and everye the Subjectes of your MaB% your Heyres and Successors, at his and theyr Wyll and Pleasure, to carry and transport out of this Realme in theyr Shippes and other Vessells of any the Subjectes aforesaid, all and every kynd of Hearing and other Sea Fyshe to be taken upon the Sea by any the Subjectes aforesaid ; any Acte of Parlyament or Lawe to the contrary notwithstanding: And that al and every pson and psons wch should by vertue of that Acte transporte or carry any Hearing or Sea Fyshe from out of any Port or Harborowe of this Realme to any place out of the Domynions of your Ma1' your Heyres and Successors, should be free from Payment of any Custome Subsidie or Pondage Monye for the same Fyshe so carryed or transported duryng the space of Foure whole yeres, beginning at the saide fyrst day of Aprill 1564, and so further during your Mu1? Pleasure; »* tearme of Foure yeres is nowe expired and ended: And where it is by experience found that the said Act hath ben a very good Act, and greatly encreased the Navy and Fyshermen, and causeth many poore Men to be set a worke, and is in greate lykelyhood dayly to increase the same more and more: It maye please your most excellent Mall* of your aboundant Grace that it maye be enacted by aucthoritie of this present Parlyament, That so much of the said Act as ys above recited for Lybertie of transporting of Hearyng and Sea Fyshe by the naturally borne Subject? of your Ma"* your Heires or Successors, and for freedome from paying of any Custome Subsidye or Pondage Money shalbe revyved, and shall from henceforth continue for the Space of Syxe yeres from thend of this Session of Parlyament, and from thenceforth to thend of the next Parlyament after the said Syxe yeres to be summoned, and from thenceforth during yor Ma‘? most gracious Pleasure; so that such transporting be in Vessels w* crosse Sayles.

And where also in the said Act made in the said fyfth yere, amongst other Thynges, al maner of persons are generally forbydden to bring into this Realm any Coddes or Lynges in Barrels or other Caskes, upon payne of forfayture of all the Coddes and Lynges so to be brought in or the value thereof contrary to the Tenour of that Act: Forasmuch as by that Braunch of the saide Statute, it was well intended and ment to meet w,h the Fraude of Strangers and other weh brought into this Realme great quantyty of Coddes and Lynges deceiptfully packed in Barrels, and not meant to hynder any the Queenes Ma‘? Subjectes using upryghtnes k trueth in the barrelling of such Fishe; Maye it therefore please your Ma"' that it be further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That after the Feast of Easter, wch shalbe in the yere of our Lord God a thowsand fyve hundred seventye fyve, it shall be lawfull from thenceforth to all yo’ Ma1? loving Subjectes borne w'Nn this Realme or w,bin any other yo' Ma'? Domynions, (using no Fraude or Deceipt in packing or barrelling thereof for the tearme of syxe yeres next ensuing, to bring into this Realme or any other your Highnes Domynyons, all such Coddes and Lynges as they shall happen to take upon the Sea by theyr owne fyshing in Vessells w4 crosse Sayles, wlbout incurring any Forfayture or Penaltye therefore; Any Thing in the said Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Recital of Stat. Eliz.: S.fi.

permitting Exportation of Sea-Fish by Subjects, free of Customs, for Four Years, kc.

Revived, amended, and continued for Six Years, *c.

II.

Subjects may import Cod, &c. in Barrels, See. for Six Years:

See ^ Eh*. t.f. fj.

1 erroneously, as it seems, for • of ’ The Original of this Act is missing : See Stat. 14 Eli*, e. 14. $ 3. • An erroneous Insertion; O. omits.

6 Z

Go

546

13° Eliz. c. 11, 12.

A.D. 1571.

iii.

Regulations against Persons using certain Ships, &<-. on the Coasts of Norfolk, in the Time of the Herring Fishery there.

IV.

Assise of Herring Barrels, 32 Gallons Wine Measure, containing 1,000 Herrings.

V.

No foreign-taken Fish shall be dried for Sale in England.

And for the avoyding of the lewde Outrages comytted and doone uppon the Sea Coastes of Norfolke and Suffolke, by the Catches Mongers and Picardes pretendyng to buy fressh Herrynges, and w* do cut in sunder dyvers Peeces of Fyshermens Nettes traveling the Hyghe Seas to take fresh Hearringes, to the utter undoing of the said poore Fyshermen; Bee it therefore enacted ordeyned and established by thaucthorytye of this present Parlyament, That no pson or psons using any Ship Boate or Vessell called Catche Monger or Picarde, or other Vessell of lyke use, shall in the tyme of comon Fysshing upon the saide Sea Coastf of Norffolke and Suffolke, betwene the fouretene daye of September and the fouretene daye of November, firon Sonne setting to sonne Rysing, ancker upon the mayne Sea or in the comon Streame or Trade of Fyshing where the Fyshermen use to dryve, uppon payne to forfaite theyr Catch Monger Pycker or Vessel, wlh the Tackle and al the Fysh in the same, or the value thereof; Thon half to your Ma°' your Heyres and Successors, the other halfe to the Bayliffes Burgeses and Commynalde of the Towne of Greate Yarmouth, to be imployed to the recompencyng his Damages to the ptye whose Nettes shall so be cut, and to the building and repayring of the decayed Haven there, and to be taken by waye of Seasure or otherwyse, to be recovered by Byll Action or Information in any of your Ma’f Courtes of Record ; Any Statute Lawe or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And where yo' Subjectes using the Trade of fyshing for Hearting have of many yeres, and tyme out of mynde used to packe theyr Hearring in Caske [of'] Barrels conteyning aboute thyrtey two Gallons of usuall Wyne Measure, and with such Assise hath ben usually gaged and alowed at your honorable C.ytye of London, and do conteyne the said Measure of xxxij Gallons, according to suche usuall Brasse Measure as is out of your honourable Court of Exchequer delyvered to your said honorable Citie of London ; w1*1 Measure yet hath lately ben quarrelled at by c?tayne Infourmers, for that the same conteyne not two and thyrtey Gallons by the old Measure of Standerd, w* they never did, though padventure thextremitie of old Statutes in Wordes by some Mens construction might be stretched to requyre so muche; And for that the usual Barrels nowe be as great as ever w"in the tyme of any memory they have ben knowne to be, and the Alteration thereof woulde be a great Decay and Prill of undoing to the saide Fysshermen; It maye also please your most Excellent Ma'* that it be also ennacted and declared, That the sayde Assise of thyrtey two Gallons of Wyne Measure, wd‘ is about eight and twentey Gallons by olde Standerd well packed, and conteyning in every Barrel usually a thousande full Hearringes at the leaste, is and shalbe taken for good true and lawfull Assise of Hearring Barrels, throughout the whole Liberty of the said Towne of Greate Yarmouth and els where; Any auncient or former Lawe or Statute to the contrary notwithstandynge.

Bee yt further enacted, That no Fyshe hereafter to be taken or brought into this Realme by any Straunger, nor any Fyshe comonly called Scottishe Fishe or Flemish Fishe shalbe dryed w,hin England to be solde, upon payne of forfayture of all such Fysh to be dryed contrary to the meaning of this Act, or the value thereof; wch forfeyture shalbe to such pson dwelling at any Towne where is any Port Peere or Haven, as wyll sease the same Fish or will sue for the same value in any Court of Record, to be imployed to the Reparation and Mayntenaunce of suche Porte Peere or Haven as is next to the Place where the Offence shalbe comytted.

All Prints, haring been conGecrated &c. otherwise than in the Form authorized, temp. Edw.VI. or Eliz. shall subscribe, &c. certain Articles of Religion agreed on in Convocation in 1562, on Pain of Deprivation.

CHAPTER Xn.

An Act to refourme certayne Dysorders touching Ministers of the Churche.

THAT the Churches of the Queenes Malf Domynyons maye be served w,h Pastors of sounde Religyon, Be it enacted by thaucthoritie of thys present Parlyament, That every pson under the degree of a Bysshop w1" doth or shall pretend to be a Priest or Minister of Godes holy Word and Sacraments, by reason of any other fourme of Institution Consecration or Orderyng then the fourme set forth by Parlyament in the tyme of the late Kinge of most worthye Memorie Kynge Edwarde the Syxt, or nowe used in the Raigne of our most gracious Soveraygne Ladye, before the Feast of the Natyvitie of Christ next folowing shal in the presence of the Bysshop or Gardian of the Spyritualties of some one Diocesse where he hath or shal have Ecclesiastical Lyving, declare his Assent and subscribe to all the Artycles of Religion wch onely conceme the Confession of the true Christian Faithe and the Doctrine of the Sacramentf, comprised in a Booke imprinted entituled, Articles whereupon it was agreed by the Archbisshops and Bishops of both Provinces, and the whole Cleargie in the Convocation holden at London in the yere of our Lorde God a thousande five hundred six tie and two, according to the Computation of the Church of Englande, for the avoydyng of the diversities of Opinions and for the establishing of Consent touching true Religion ; put foorth by she Queenes aucthoritie; And shall bryng from such Bysshop or Gardyan of [Spyritualides *] in Wryting under his Seale autentike, a testimoniall of such Assent and Subscription, and openly on some Sunday in the tyme of the publique servyce afore noone in every Churche where by reason of any Ecclesiasticall Lyvyng he ought to attende, reade both the said Testimonial and the said Artycles; upon payne that every suche pson wctl shall not before the said Feast do as is above appoynted, shalbe (ipso facto) depryved, and al his Ecclesiasticall Emotions shalbe voyde as yf he then were naturally dead.

1 So also in Original Act, erroneously, as it seems, for * or ’

* Spyrytualtye* O.

13° Eliz. c. 12, 13.

547

A.D. 1571.

And that yf any person Ecclesiastical ot w* shall have Ecclesiastical Lyving shall advysedly maynteyne or aflyrme any Doctrine directly contrarie or repugnaunt to any of the said Articles, and being convented before the Bysshop of the Diocesse or the Ordynarie, or before the Queenes Highnes Comissioners in Causes Ecclesiasticall, shall persist therein or not revoke his Errour, or after such Revocation eftsoones affyrme such untrue Doctryne, such maynteyning or afiyrming and psisting or such eftsones affyrmyng, shalbe just cause to depryve such pson of his Ecclesiasticall pmotions; And it shalbe lefull to the Bisshop of the Diocesse or Thordynarie, or the said Comissioners, to deprive suche pson so posting or lawfully convicted of such eftsoones afiyrming, and upon such Sentence of Deprivation pnounced, he shalbe in deede depryved.

II.

Ecdeaiaatica maintaining Doctrines contrary to the said Articles shall be deprived.

And that no person shall hereafter be admytted to any Benefice wth Cure, except he then be of thage of Three ptrMn. admitted to and twenty yeres at the least, and a Deacon, and shall fyrst have subscribed the sayde Articles in presence of the Benefices shall be Ordynarie, and publiquely reade the same in the Parish Churche of that Benefyce, w,h declaration of his unfaigned > Dr°con;

Assent to the same; And that every pson after thend of this Session of Parlyament to be admitted to a Benifyce w,h i|jd ArtSeaT

Cure, except that w^in Two Monethes after his Induction he do publiquely reade the said Articles in the same and read them in Church whereof he shall have Cure, in the tyme of Comon Prayer there, w"1 declaration of his unfaigned Assent on* Pain ’&C' thereunto, and be admitted to mynister the Sacraments, within one yere after his Induction, if he be not so admitted Deprivation, before, shalbe upon every such Default, ipso facto, ymedyately depryved; And that no pson nowe pmitted by any Dyspensation or otherwyse, shal retayne any Benefyce wlh Cure, being under the age of one and twenty yeres, or not being Deacon at the least, or wch shall not be admitted as is aforesaid w,hin one yere next after the making of this Acte, or w1^ Syxe Monethes after he shall accomplish thage of foure and twenty yeres, on payne that such his Dispensation shalbe mearly voyde.

And that none shalbe made Mynister or admitted to preache or mynister the Sacraments, being under thage of foure and twenty yeres, nor unles he fyrst bring to the Bisshop of that Diocesse, from Men knowne to the Bishop to be of sound Religion, a Testimonial! both of his honest lyfe and of his professing the Doctryne expressed in the said Artycles; nor unlesse he be able to aunswere and render to the Ordynary an Accompt of his faith in Latyne, according to the said Articles, or have special Gyfte & Habilitie to be a Precher; nor shalbe admitted to thorder of Deacon or Ministerie, unles he shall fyrst subscribe to the saide Artycles.

And that none hereafter shalbe admitted to any Benyfyce w"1 Cure of or above the value of thyrtey poundes yerely in the Quenes Bookes, unles he shall then be a Bachelour of Dyvynitie, or a Preacher lawfully alowed by some Bysshop w^in this Realme or by one of the Unyversities of Cambridg or Oxford.

IV.

None shall be made Minister, tie. until 24. Years old, nor without Testimonial, fitc.

V.

None shall have Benefice of *£30 a Year, except B. D. fice.

And that all Admissions to Beneficf Institutions and Inductions to be made of any person contrary to the fourme Dit|

VI.

itations

ispeni

or any pvysion of this Act, & al Tollerations Dyspensations Qualifications and Lycences whatsoever to be made to the ‘° *"« contrary,

, , . , , ... r l declared void,

contrary hereof, shalbe mearely voyde in Lawe as yf they never were.

vn.

Prov yded alway, That no Title to conferr or psent by Lapse, shall accrue upon any Depryvation, ipso facto, but No Title by Lapse after Syxe Moneths after notyce of such Deprivation geven by Thordynarye to the Patrone. the'patron!*'*

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the encrease of Tyllage, &c.

FOR the better encrease of Tyllage and for maintein*nce and encrease of the Navye and Mariners of this Realme, Bee yt enacted, That from and after the Feast of the Natyvitie of S. John Baptist next c5ming, it shalbe lawfull to al and every pson and psons being Subjects of the Queenes Ma’f her heyres and successors, and inhabiting w'hin her Highnes Realmes and Domynions only out of such Portes and Creekf where are or shalbe resident a Customer or Collector of Subsidye of Tonage and Pondage, or one of theyr Deputies, and not elswhere, to loade carry or transport any Wheat Rye Barly Maulte Pease or Beanes into any Partes beyond the Seas, being in amytie w* this Realme, & not phibited by any Restrayntc or Proclamation, onely to sell as a Marchaundize in Shippes Caryers or other Vesselles bearing crosse Sayles, whereof any English borne Subjects inhabiting w'hin her Highnes Realmes and Domynyons then shalbe thonly Owners, at al such tymes as the severall pryces thereof shalbe so reasonable and moderate in the severall Countyes where any such Transportation shalbe intended as that no phibicion shalbe made, either by the Queenes Ma'f her heyres or successors, by Pclamation to be made in the Shyre Towne or in any Port Townes of the County, or els by some order of the Lord President and Counsel in the North, or the Lord President and Counsel in Wales, w^in theyr severall Jurisdictions, or of the Justices of Assises at theyr Sessions in other Shyres out of the Jurisdiction of the said Two Presidents and Counsels, or by the more part of the Justicf of the Peace of the County at theyr Quarters Sessions, in this maner folowing; that is. The said Lord Presidents and Counsels of the Shyres w^in theyr Jurisdictions, the Justices of Assise at their several Sessions in other Shyres out of the said Jurisdictions belonging to the said Counsels in the North and in Wales, yerely shall upon conference had w" thinhabitauntes of the Countrey, of the cheapnes and dearth of any the saide kyndes of Grayne w'"in the Countries w^in

Corn may br exported to friendly Countries, by Subjects, from certain Porta in certain Ships, at all Times when Proclamation it not made to the contrary, on the Price of Corn being ascertained yearly in the several Counties.

i

548

13° Eliz. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1571.

ii.

Proceeding* in the Counties, &c. shall be notified to the Queen or Privy Council.

III.

Duties of Customs imposed on all Corn exported, viz. 12 d. per Quarter on Wheat, kc.

IV.

The Queen may prohibit the Exportation of Corn, by Proclamation at all Times,

Jurisdictions of the said Counsels, or in thother Countreis w,hin the lymittes of the said Justyces of Assise, by theyr dyscretion determyne whether it shalbe meete at any tyme to permyt any Grayne to be caried out of the Realme by any Port w,hin the sayd several Jurisdictions or Lymites, and so shal in writinge under theyr Handes and Seales cause and make a Determynation either for pmission or phibit/on, and the same cause to be by the Shereiff of the Counties published and affyxed in as many accustomed Market Townes and Portes w'hin the sayd Shyre as they shall thinke convenyent, and in suche tnaner as the Queenes Ma'f Pclamations are usually published and affyxed ; wch determynation of the said Presidents and Counsels in theyr Jurisdictions, and of the Justyces of Assise in theyr Lymytes, shal contynue in force for the tyme place and maner therein expressed until the said Presidentes and Counsels shal otherwyse order, or untill the Justicf of Assise at theyr being in theyr said Circuites in every of the said Counties shal alter or otherwyse order the same, except the same shalbe otherwyse in the meane tyme altered or countermaunded by the Quenes Ma'f her heyres or successors, or by some Ord' of the Justices of the Peace in the Counties scituated out of the Jurisdictions of the said Two Counsels in theyr Quarter Sessions to be holden in the meane tyme, or the great' part of them, shall finde the same Determination of the Justicf of Assise to be hurtfull to the County by meanes of Dearth, or to be a greate Hyndraunce to Tyllage by meanes of to much cheapnes, and shall by theyr Wrytinges under theyr Handes and Seales make any Determynation to the contrary, either for pmission or phibition of Caring of any kynde of Grayne out of the Realme ; And the same determynation shal cause to be in lyke maner published and affixed as above is said; Wd‘ determynation shall also contynue in Force, except the same shalbe altred by the Queenes Ma"* her Heyres and Successours, or untill the Justices of Assise at theyr being in the sayd Cyrcuites, in every of the said Counties afore to them lymited, shal alter or otherwise order the same, who shal and maye upon newe Conference had, by theyr discretions from tyme to tyme alter and chaunge the said determynations in the whole or in parte, as to theyr dyscretions shall seeme meete, and the same shal also cause to be published as is before fPscribed.

Provyded neverthelesse, That neither any of the said Presidents and Counsels, nor the saide Justices of Assise* nor the said Justices of Peace above mentioned, shal publish any theyr determynations above mentioned until the same shalbe fyrst by Writing notified to the Queenes Ma'f or to her Pryvye Counsel, and by her Ma,ie or her Privie Counsel shalbe lyked and alowed.

Provyded also, That the Queenes Mall* her Heyres and Successors shall have and receave by the Customers and Offycers of her Portes for the C.ustome or bondage of every Quarter of Wheate to be transported by force of this Statute, Twelve Pence, and of every Quarter of any other Grayne, Eight Pence, and of every Quarter of Wheate that shalbe by any special 1 Lycence hereafter to be graunted transported out of the Realme, and not by force of this Statute, Two Shillinges, and of every Quarter of other Grayne, Syxtene Pence, notwithstanding any maner of Wordes that shalbe conteyned or inserted in any Lycenses to the contrary; Wrh said severall somes so to be had or taken as Custome or Pondage, to be in full Satisfaction of all maner of Custome or Pondage for the said Corne or Grayne by any Constitution Order Statute Lawe or Custome heretofore made used or taken for transporting of any such maner of Corne or Grayne.

Provided also and be it enacted by thaucthority of this present Parliament, That the Queenes Ma"* her Heyres and Successors, may at al tymes by her Wryt of Pclamation to be published generally in the whole Realme, or in the Counties of the Realme where any Port Townes are, comaund that no pson shalby vertue of this Acte transport

or carry out any man' of Grayne to any partes out of her Domynions, either generally out of any Port in

the Realme, or pticularly out of any speciall Portes to be in the same Pclamation named; and that it shall not be

lawfull for any pson to cary out any such Grayne contrary to the tenor of the same Pdamation, upon such paynes

as by the Lawes of the Realme are & have ben provyded.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the bringing of Bowestaves into this Realme.

Benefits of Archery;

St. 12 E.IV. c.2. for Importation of Bowstaves, confirmed and extended to Merchants of the 72 Hans Towns.

WHERE as the use of Archerie not onely hathe ever ben but also yet is by Gods special Gyfte to the English nation a singuler Defence of this Realme, and an occasion of many noble Victoris and both a very wholesome Exercise for the Health and Strengh of Mens Bodies, and a Maynteyn*nce of a greate nuber of the Queenes true Subjects and Artificers as Bowyers Fletchers Stringers Arrowheadmakers, and other of this Realme ; and for that among other Causes of the Decaye of Archerie, one great Cause is, the excessive pryce of Bowe Staves, w* groweth principally by the Scarcitie of Bowe Staves brought into this Realme : For Reformation whereof. Bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie of this present Parliament, That all the Statutes made in the Twelf yere of the Raigne of Kyng Edward the Fourth, concerning bringing in of c?tayne number of Bow Staves according to the Wayght or Value of other Wares to be brought into this Realme, shall from hencefoorth be duely put in Execusion; And bee yt enacted and declared by this present Statute, That al Merchaunt Straungers using to bring Wares into this Realme from the East Partes, aswel from the threescore twelve Hanse Townes be comprised & meant under the name of and bound as the nichauntes mentioned & bound by the said Statute to bring in Bowe Staves upon lyke paynes and forfeytures as by the said Statutes are appoynted.

Original from PENN STATI

13° Eliz. c. 14—16.

549

1571.

And where the greatest Cause of not putting the said Statute in execution hathe ben, that the Forfaitures thereby IL

iymited are by the said Statute geven only to the Queenes Ma"' her Heires and Successo’s, w^out any Reward to the pson Forfchures'under that shall sue for the same; Bee yt enacted, That from henceforth al the Forfaytures appoynted by the said Statutes shalbe 11 E IV- c- *■ imployed in fourme folowing, that is to saye, Thon Halfe thereof to the Queenes Ma,ie her Heyres & Successors, informer.0* thother Halfe to such pson as shall sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoyne Section nor Wager of Lawe for the Defendaunte shalbe admitted or alowed.

And yt may please the Queenes most excellent Ma,i% That it be on her Highnes Parte straightly charged and Acti *n\ln comaunded, that all the Statutes nowe remayning in force for repressing of unlawfull Games, and for the Maynten’nce unllw,'J1 G»me» and Use of Archerye shalbe duely put in Execution for ever under the Paynes in the said Statutes contayncd. con(innc<1.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte that no Hoy or Plate shall crosse the Seas.

WHERE at the Parlyament holden at Westni in the fyrst yere of yo' Highnes Raigne, it was amongest other St. i Eliz. c. a. $ j.

Things enacted, that no Hoye or Plate, whereof any English Subjects or Subjecte then was or should bee jf^crowng' Owner or Owners, at any tyme after the fyrst daye of January next ensuing the Session of the same Parliament, ,hc Sca*! from any Porte Creeke or Place of this Realme of England or any of the Domynions of the same, should traverse or crosse the Seas into or for any of the Portes beyond the Seas, w"' any Wares Goodes or Merchandizes; upon payne that the said Owner or Owners should forfayte and lose the same Hoye or Plate, w"‘ all and every the MunytionTackling and other Necessaries pteyning thereunto, as by the same Statute more at large doth and may appere ; And whereas by *u'"dby St\t-, an Estatute made in the fyfth yere of your Hignes Raigne, it is amongest other Thinges enacted, that from thenceforth al English Hoyes and Plates might crosse the Seas as farre as Cane in Normandie, and Eastward as farr as Norwaye, the said Estatute made in the fyrst yere of your Hygnesse Raygne to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge;

And forasmuche as the said Braunche in the said Estatute made in the fyfth yere of your Raigne, tendeth greatly to the decay of Maryners and Shypes by the marveylous Encrease of Hoyes; Be yt therefore enacted by thaucthorytie aforesaid, That from the Feast of Sl Mychael Tharchaungell next coming, the said Clause conteyned in the said Estatute made in the said fyfth yere of yor Raigne, for the crossing of the Seas by Hoyes and Plates, shalbe utterly repealed and made voyde and of none effect; And that from the said Feast of S' Mychael Tharchaungell next, the said Estatute made in the fyrst yere of your Raigne phibiting the crossing of the Seas by Hoyes & Plates be observed and kept; the said Estatute made in the fyfth yere of your Ma'f Raigne to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Thys Acte to contynue untyl thend of the next Parlyament.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Actb for the Confirmation of Thattaynders of Charles Earle of Westmerlande Thomas Earle of Northumberland

and others.

IN theyr most humble wyse besechen yo' most excellent Malic the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall, and al other Conviction*, ^ your loving and obedyent Subjectes the Commons of this your most Hyghe Court of Parlyament assembled, Attainder*’for* that where Charles Earle of Westmorland late of Branspethe in the County of Durham, Thomas Earle of Trc^0" Northumberland late of Topdyfe in the County of Yorke, Anne Countesse of Northumberland Wyef to the said Westmorland, Earle of Northumberlande, Leonard Dacre late of Harlsey in the County of Yorke Esquire, Edward Dacre late of ^Xim^Und Morton, in the said County of York Esquyre, Syr John Nevill late of I.eversedge in the County of York Knight, and hi* Countess, John Swinbourne late of Chopwell in the Countye of Durham Esquyre, Thomas Markenfeeld late of Markenfeelde, others,

in the sayde County of Yorke Esquyre, Egremound Ratcleffe late of the City of Yorke Esquyre, Christopher

Nevyll late of Kyrby Moreside in the said County of York Esquyre, Richard Norton late of Norton Coniers in the

said County of Yorke Esquyre, Fraunces Norton late of Baldersbie in the said County of York Esquyre, Georg

Norton Gentleman, Sampson Norton Gentleman, William Norton Gentleman, Christopher Norton Gentleman,

Marmaduke Norton Gentleman, Thomas Norton Gens, Robart Tempest late of Holmeside in the said County of Durham Esquyre, Mychael Tempest Sonne of the said Robart Tempest Wylliam Smyth late of Nunstanton in the said County of Durham Esquyre, Bryan Palmes late of Morton in the said County of Durham Esquyre, George Stafford Esquyre, Thomas Bisshop thelder late of Pucklington in the said County of Yorke Gentleman, Marmaduke Blakestone Gentleman, Cuthbert Nevyll Esquyre, Xpofer Danby late of Beiston in the said County of York Esquyre,

John Trollopp late of Thomley in the said County of Durham Esquyre, Anthony Hebborne late of Hardwyke in the said County of Durham Esquyre, Raulfe Conyers late of Layton in the said County ot Durham Esquire, John Gower late of Richmond in the said County of Yorke Gentleman, Tristram Fenwick late of Brinckeborne in the said County of Northumberland Gentleman, Anthony Welberie late of Branspethe in the said County of Durham Gentleman, John Saltemershe late of Rednes in the said Countye of Yorke Gentleman, Henry Johnson late of Waltonhead in the said County of Yorke Esquyre, Synion Digbie late of Askue in the said County of York Esquyre,

5 r.nz. c. j.

Clause in latter Act repealed;

that in the former Act continued.

Continuance of Act.

Vci.. IV.

550

13° Eliz. c. 16.

A.D. 1571.

ii.

The said Offenders declared attainted, shall be executed, and their Lands and Goods forfeited to and vested in the Crown, without Office found, tee.

III.

Proviso for Henry Earl of Arundel.

IV.

Saving for Sir Henry Percy, Brother of the Earl of Northumberland.

John Fulthropp late of Islebeck in the said County of York Esquyre, Leonard Medcalfe late of Bcereparke in the said County of York Esquyre, Robart Claxton of Old Parke in the said County of Durham Gentleman, Robart Lambert late of Owton in the sayde County of Durham Esquyre, Rause Corners late of Cottam in the said County of Durham Gentleman, Cuthbert Wytham late of Bretonby in the said Countye of Yorke Gentleman, Robart Heighingto late of Richmonde in the said County of Yorke Gentlema, Thomas Jenny Gentleman, Cuthbert Fenwick late of Southeshelles in the said County of Durham Gentleman, Cuthbert Armarer late of Belford in the County of Northumberland Gentleman, Rychard Dacre late of Ayketon in the County of Cumberland Gent, Wylliam Dacre late of S’ Bees in the said County of Cumberland Gentleman, Robart Collingwood late of Abberwicke in the said County of Northumberland Gentleman, Robart Collingwood late of Etel in the said County of Northumberland Gentleman, John Welborne late of Branspethe aforesaid Gentleman, George Horsley late of Acklington Parke in the said County of Northumberland Gentleman, Thomas Greene late of Todcastre in the said County of Yorke Yeoman, Thomas Taylour late of Todcaster aforesayd Yeoman, John Cowper late of Keswyke in the said County of Yorke Taylour, Raulfe Swynnowe late of Durham in the said County of Durham Gentleman, and James Swynnow late of Thornehill in the said County of Durham Gentleman, most falsly and trayterously by open Rebellion in the North Partes of thys your Realme of Englande, have comytted perpetrated and donne many detestable and abomynable Treasons against yor Highnes, to the great Peryl and Daunger of your most Royall Pson, and the utter Destruction and Overthrowe of the good State and publique Peace of this your said Realme of England, yf God of his infynite goodnes had not in due tyme opened and revealed to your Highnes, theyr trayterous Intentf and Purposes; Of and for wch sayde Treasons being most manyfest and apparaunte, the said Traytours and Offendours before named have ben lawfully indicted, and some of them beyng fledd have ben and are lawfully and by due pees outlawed, and therby justly attaynted, & some other of them have ben and are justly and lawfully convycted and attaynted byTryall of the Countrey, according to the Lawes of this your Realme, as by the Recordes of theyr severall Inditementes and Attaynders more playnly it doeth & may appeare; and for the wch severall Offences some of the said Offendors have suffered Paynes of Death according to theyr Demerytes: It maye therefore please your Highnes of yo' most gratious and accustomed goodnesse, and for thentyer Love Favour and harty Affextion that your Ma1' hath ahvaves heretofore borne and yet beareth to the Comon Welth of this your Realme of England, and for the good Preservai ion of your most excellent Ma"‘ & of the good Peace Unytye and Rest of all us your most bounden and obedyent Siibjertes, to graunte and assent, at the humble Desyre and Petycion of yo' loving and obedyent Subjectcs the Lortles Spyrytnail and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled, That all and every the said Convyrtions Outlaries and Attaynders of all and every the said Offendours maye be aproved & confyrmed by thaucthority of this p'sent Parlyament.

And that yt may be further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That the said Charles Earle of Westmerlande, Thomas Earle of Northumberland, Anne Countesse of Northumberland, Leonard Dacre, Edward Dacre, Syr John Nevyll, John Swynbourne, Thomas Markenfeeld, Xpofer Nevyll, Rychard Norton, and all other the said Offendours and Psons before named and every of them, for they' said abomynable & detestable Treasons by them and every of them moste abomynably & trayterously comytted perpetrated and donne against your Hyghnes and this your Realme, shalbc by Aucthorytyc of this present Acte convycted and attaynted of Highe Treason; And that as many of the said Offendours and Psons before named as be yet in Lyes and not pdoned, shall and maye at your Ma’f Will and Pleasure, suffer paynes of Death as in Cases of Highe Treason; And that the sayd Charles Earle of Westmerland, Thomas Earle of Northumberland and all and every other of the said Offendours and Psons attayted before named, aswell such of them as be yet in Lyes as also suche of them as be put to Execution for theyr said Treasons, shall lose and forfayte to your Highnes and to your Heyres and Successors al and every such theyr Honors Castles Manours Mesuages Landes Tenementes Rentes Revertions Remaynders Possessions Rights Conditions Interestes Offyces Fees Anuyties, and all other theyr Hereditamentes Goodes Catels Debtes and other Thinges of whatsoever Names Natures or Qualities they be, wc,‘ they y' said Offendors and Psons before named or any of them had to theyr or any of their Use or Uses, the Daye of the said severall Treasons by them or any of them comytted perpetrated or donne, or any Tyme sithence; And that all and singuler theyr said Honours Castels Manours Mesuages Landes Tenementes Rentes Revertions Remaynders Possessions Ryghtes Condytions Offices Fees Aiiuyties and all other Hereditamentf Goodes Catals Debtes and other the Premisses, shalbe demed vested and judged to be in the actuall and real Possession of your Mam w,hout any Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found.

Provydeu alwayes. That this Acte or any Thing therein contayned, shall not be p'judiciall or hurtfull unto Henry Earle of Arundel his Heyres or Assignes, for or conc?nyng the Manour of Hasilberie Brian in the County of Dorset, or for or concerning any Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentes esteemed reputed or taken as pte or peel of the said Manours or to the same in any wyse belonging or apparteyninge.

(') Savynge to Syr Henry Percie Knight, Brother of the said Thomas Earle of Northumberland, and to Theyres males of the Body of the said S' Henry Percie lawfully begotten and to be begotten, all such Honors and Dygniries, together w"1 all such Estates Ryghtf Titles Uses Possessions Interestes Revertions Remaynders and other Hereditamentes whatsoever as he the sayde S' Henry Percie, at any tyme before the said Treasons comitted, had or ought to have of

1 In the Original Act this Clause is placet! after the Section now marked VI. but there is a Note in the Margin of the Act >tating, that it ought to stand as it now does.

13° Eliz. c. 16.

551

A.D. 1571.

I

I

k

1

a

i

t

P

b

H

m

a

4

K

to

r

Ik

if

I

I

e>

in or to the pPmisses or any part thereof, or at any tyme hereafter may have, onely by vertue of any Gyfte Graunte or Letters Patentes whatsoever heretofore made by the late King & Queene Phyllip and Marye, Sister of our said Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, as yf this Act had never ben had nor made; Any Thing therein conteyncd to the contrary thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

Savyngb [also1] to John Lord Darcie and to al and every person and psons Bodies Polytyke and Corporate, and to General saving for theyr Heyres and Successors, and to the Heyres Successors and Assignes of every of them, other then the said Title* of Strangers. Charles Earle of Westmerland, Thomas Earle of Northumberland, Leonard Dacre, Edward Dacre, Sr John Nevyll,

John Swynbourne, Thomas Markenfeeld, Xpofer Nevyll, Rychard Norton, Fraunces Norton, and other the said Offendours and Psons attaynted before named, and theyr Heires and the Heires of every of them clayming any thing in the said Honors Castels Manors Mesuages Landes TenementC and other the Premisses, or any pte thereof, onely as Heyre or Heyres to or from them or any of them, & all and every other pson and psons clayming or havyng any thing in the Premisses or any part thereof to theyr Uses or to thuse of any of them, or to the Use of any theyr sayd Heyres, al such Ryght Tytle Use Possession Interest Revertion Remaynder Entree C.ondytion Fees Offices Rentes Anuyties Leases Comons Action Suite Peticiou Execution and all other Hereditamentf, & al Actions and Meanes to recover or obtayne the same whatsoever, w,u they or any of them had or ought to have in the p^misscs or any part thereof, at or before the said severall Treasons by the said severall Offendors corny tied or done, in as large and ample maner to al Internes and Purposes as yf this Acte had never ben had nor made; Any thynge herein contcyned to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge.

And yet nevertheles, Where a great part of the Landes Tenem'f Goodes Catels & Hereditam'f of the said Offendo's before in this Acte named lye and be w"’in the Lyberties of the County Palatyne of Durham and the Lyberties of the Byshop of Durham, where the same Byshop of Durham doth now clayme Jura regalia, and by reason thereof doth chaleng to have all the sayd Forfaytures as in the Right of his Church, the trial of w* Chaleng & Clayme ys nowe dependyng in Suite by a Quo Warranto betwene the Queenes Ma’" & the said Bisshop, before her Ma"c in the Court comonly called the Kynges Bench, and there is not yet discussed nor determyned; And forasmuche as the Queenes Ma"1 hath spent and consumed a great masse of Treasure in the repressing of the saide Rebelles and theyr unnaturall Rebellion, and thereby hathe preserved the said Bysshop and his saide Bishopricke, w" stoode in great jeopardie and prill of the said Rebels: Bee yt therefore ordeyned and enacted by thaucthorytye of this p'sent Parlyament, That our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene her Heyres and Successours, shall for this tyme have holde and enjoye, against the sayde Byshop and his Successours, al the said Honors Manors Landes Tenem'f Goodes Chattels and Heredytamentes of the said Offendours w"'in the said County Palatine and Lyberties of the sayd Bysshop of Durham, for and duryng al suche Estates Interests Tytles & Tearmes as the sayd Offendours or any of them had in the same the daye of theyr sayd several Treasons comytted, or any tyme after; the said Challenge Clayme and pretended Title of the said Bysshop for this tyme notwithstandingc: And yet nevertheles, yf hereafter it shall fal out by Judgm' of the said Court, that the sayde Bisshop ought to have the same Forfaytures or any pt thereof, that then yt may please the Queenes Ma'" to bestowe some parte or so much of the sayd Forfaytures, as her Highnes shall thinke meete and convenyent, upon the sayde Bysshop and his successor, or els to the said Bysshop to be by hym bestowed for the erectyng of any Schoole or other godly Uses; and that yf any of the sayd Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentes, whereunto the said Bysshops Title shalbe affyrmed by Judgment, shall at any tyme hereafter be geven or graunted by the Queenes Ma'" her heyres or successors, to any pson or psons, to have thereof any Estate of Inherytaunce, that the same shall and maye be holden of the said Byshop and his successors, and of the said Church of Durham, by the same Tenors Custoincs and Servyces as they were holden at the tyme of the sayde Treasons commytted.

VI.

Claim at Law of (lie Bishop of Durham to the Forfeiture* within the County Palatine;

The Crown shall have all Forfeiture* under thi* Act;

I f the Claim of the Bishop be confirmed at Law, the Queen shall grant some Part to the Bishop, ,Vc. and any such Lands granted by the Crown to others, shall lie holden of the Bishop.

Provyded alwayes and nevertheles be it enacted by the aucthoryty aforesaid. That this Acte or any thing therein Act [lot conteyned, shall not in any wyse extend to make voyde any Graunte Gyfte Lease or Demyse made by our said invalidate Crams

, 1. , , . _ 1 i r . , X. , , X, , of *mli Lands

Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, of any of the said Manors Landes i cneinentf or Heredytamentes to any pson or psons lmjcr t|K, Great by Letters Patentes under the Greate Seale of England, or under the Seale of the Court of Exchequer, at any Sva'* ke. tyme or tymes since the sayd Treasons comytted ; but that the same Gyftes Grauntes and Leases, & every of them, shal stand and be of such lyke force and effect in the Lawe to al intent f and purposes, and of none other or better force, as yf this Act had never ben had nor made; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge.

And be it also further enacted by thaucthoryty aforesaid. That this Act or any thing therein conteyned, shal not in any wyse extend to take awaye or make voyde any Pdon heretofore made by our said Soveraygne Lady the Queene under the Great Seale of England, to any of the sayd psons and Offendors before in this Acte named ; but that the sayd psons & ePy of them, to whome any such Pdon is or hathe ben graunted, shall & may have & take Advantage and Benefyte of every such Pdon, and al Thynges therein conteyned, in as large and ample manor as they or any of them should might or ought to have doone, yf this Acte had never ben had nor made; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

VIII.

Pardons granted to Offender* shall not be made void by thi* Act.

(*) Provyded alwayes, That this Actenor any thing herein conteyned, shall in any wyse extend to take awaye from Proviso for the Anne Countesse of Cumberland, Fraunces Lord Talbott, Alexandre [Culpeper1] Esquyre, William Middleton, Thomas Cumberland Pickeryng Gentleman, and John Prestman Clarke, or any of them, any Goodes Chatels or Leases for terme of yores, and other*.

* O omits. ' The following Proviso is annexed to the Original Art in a separate Schedule.

Colepeper O.

i

552

13° Eliz. c. 16, 17.

A.D. 1571.

of or in any Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes wth they or any of them have or can or maye lawfully clayme to have, by force of one Deede of Gyfte w0" they suppose to be made by the said Edward Dacre before in this Acte named, bearing date the nyne and twenty day of October in the Eleventh yere of the Raigne of o' said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene; but that the same supposed Deede of Gyfte and Grante, for and concerning onely the Goods Catalles & Leases for.yeres by the said Deede supposed to be geven and graunted, shall stande remayne & be as good and of such lyke Strengthe Force and Effect, and no better, to all Intentes & Purposes as the same was before the making of this Acte; Anye thynge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Robert, Earl of Leicester, empowered to found an Hospital in Warwick or Kenclworth

Such Hospital shall be incorporated, and empowered to take Lands, &c. to d£ioo a Year

and to sue and be sued as a Corporation

and to have a common Seal;

and be governed by certain Rules, &c.

II.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte to lycence the Earle of Leycester to founde an Hospitall.

rTT'ORASMUCHE'] as the Ryght Honourable Robart Earle of Leycester, for the charytable Releefe and Sustentation LJJ of poore and needye People, ys mynded and by Gods Grace doth intend to erect founde and estableshe one Hospitall or Measondiewe in the Towne of Warwycke in the County of Warwicke, or els in the Towne of Kenelworth within the same County of Warwycke: For the better pfection and doing whereof, Bee yt enacted ordeyned & established by the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye, the Lordes Spyrytual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled, and by thaucthorytye of the same, That the said Robart Earle of Leycestre hys Heyres Executours or Assignes, at his or theyr Wylies & Pleasure, shall have full Powre Strengft Lycence and lawfiill Aucthorytye to erect found and establish one Hospital or Measondiew w"‘in the said Towne of Warwycke, or els w^in the said Towne of Kenelworth at hys or their Choyse & Election, for the fyndinge Sustentation and Releefe of poore needye and ympotent People, to have a contynuance for ever; And that the same Hospytall or Measondiew so founded shalbe incorporated and have a perpetuall Succession for ever in Facte Deede and Name, of such Head Members & Numbers of poore nedye and ympotent People as shalbe appoynted assigned lymyted or named by the said Earle his Heyres Execute's or Assygnes under his or theyr Handes & Seale: And further that the same Hospytall and Measondiewe shalbe named & called by such Name as the said Earle his Heyres Executors or Assignes shall so lymyt assigne and appoynte: And the same Hospitall or Measondiewe being so incorporated & named, shalby the Name of the Incorporation thereof, have full Powre Aucthoritie and lawfull Capacitie & Habylitie to purchase take holde receave enjoye and have to them and to theyr Successors for ever, Manors Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes set lyeng and being w"'in any Countye w'hin this Realme of England, so that the same exceede not the yerely value of Two Hundreth Poundes above al Charges and Reprises, and so that the same or any part or pcell thereof be not holden of our Sovcraygne Ladye the Queene her Heyres and Successors ymedyatly by Knightes Servyce in cheyfe or els by Knight Servyce and not in cheyfe: And further that the same Hospitall or Measondiewe being so incorporated founded & named shall have full powre and lawfull aucthoritie by the true name of the Incorporation thereof to sue and to be sued ympleade and to be ympleaded to aunswere and to be aunswered unto, in al maner of Courtes that nowe are or hereafter shalbe w"'in this Realme, aswel Temporal as Spyrytual, in al maner of Suites whatsoever they be or shalbe; and that the same Hospital or Measondiw shall have and enjoye for ever such a common Seale or Seales, as by the said Earle his Heyres Executours or Assignes shalbe in Wryting under his or theyr Hand and Seale assigned named or appoynted, whereby the head of the same Incorporation wu' the Members thereof shall and may seale any maner of Instrument touchyng the same Incorporation, and the Landes Tenement^ and other Thynges therunto belonging or in any wyse touching or conc’ning the same: And further shalbe ruled governed ordered dyrected and vysited by such pson or psons as shalbe so nomynated assigned or appoynted thereunto by the sayd Earle his Heyres or Assignes, according to such Rules Statutes and Ordynaunces as shalbe set foorth made devised and established by the said Earle or by his Heyres or Assignes in Wryting under his or theyr Hande and Seale; Any Lawe Statute Custome Usage or other Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding

Savyng alwayes to all and every Pson and Psons Bodyes Politike and Corporate, theyr Heircs and Successo", and the Heyres and Successo's of every of them, al such Right Title Clayme Possession Interest Rentes Afiuyties Servyces Commens Leases Conditions Offyces Fees Actions Interestes Demaundes Pfittes and Comodities wc" they or any of them shal have or of Ryght ought to have, of in or to any Manours Landes Tenementes Rentes or Heredytamentes hereafter to be geven lymited or assured unto the said Hospitalle or Measondiewe in fee in fourme aforesaid, (other then to the said Earle and his Heyres, and other then any other pson or psons and theyr Heyres, that shalbe the Gevers or Graunters of the said Manours, Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes Rents and Servyces and other Pffytes in fourme aforesaid,) in as ample large and in the same mano' and fourme as they or any of them shall have and enjoye or of Ryght ought to have and enjoye the same as yf this Statute had never ben had or made.

1 For so moche 0.

13° Eliz. c. 18.

553

A.D. 1571.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte for the brynging of the Ryver of Lee to the Northside of ye Cide of London.

F1RASMUCH as yt ys perceaved by many grave and wyse Men, aswell of the Cytie of Londo as of the Countrey, that it were very commodious and profitable both for the Cide and the Country, that the Ryver of Lee otherwyse called Ware Ryver, might be brought w"'in the Land to the North Part of the saide Cyty of London, the same to be cut out of the saide Ryver in the most aptest and meetest place of the said Ryver of Lee, to have from thence the leadinge and passage of the saide Water throughe such a convenyent and meete cut as may

serve for the Navygadon of Barges and other Vessels, for the caryag and conveying aswell of all Marchaundizes

Come and Victuals as other Necessaries from the Towne of Ware and all other Places neare the said Ryver, unto the saide Citye of London, and from the said Cytye to the saide Places and the Towne of Ware, and also for Tyltebotes and Whyrryes for conveying of the Queenes Subjectes to and fro to theyr great Ease and Comodyde: In Consyderadon of the Premisses and of dyvers sundry comodious profitable and beneficiall Causes wcl1 are lyke to ensue to the Bodye of thys Common wealth, and so incidently to many pticuler parsons; Bee yt enacted by the Queenes most excellent Ma'*, with thassent of the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall and the Coitions in this present Parlyament assembled, and by thaucthority of the same, That it shalbe lawfull to the Lorde Mayor Comynalde and Citizens of the Cide of London and theyr Successor, at any tyme or tymes hereafter, to begynne and contynue the layeng out of such convenyent Lymites of Grounde for the making of the Trenche for the saide Ryver, at suche

Breadth as to them and theyr Deputyes and Wourkemen shalbe seene convenyent and meete for the same, and

in that Place that they shal fynd to be most apte and meete for that purpose, to have take and use for the purpose abovesaid such and so muche Grounde during and by all the Lenght as the said newe Channel Cutt or Ryver shall passe, as shalbe requysite for the conveying of the said Water, and also fyftye or threescore foote in Breadth on each syde of the said Ryver, by all the Length of the same, so alwaye that they do not in any one place take in

Breadth, both in Channel and in Ground on both the sydes of the Water, above the Breadth of eight score foote in all;

w* convenyent Breadth of Grounde on both sydes is thought needefull to be had, for that Grounde and Soyle of necessitie must be occupied on both sides of the said Ryver, aswell for the laying of the yearth that shalbe cast out of the said Trench, to serve in the lower Groundes, and especially neare the sayde Ryver, to make substantial Banckes for the preservation and keping of the Countrey from Inudations when the Fluddes shal arise, as also for waye to passe w"' Troukes and Cartes, wc,‘ must carry awaye the Gravel and other Earth in very greate Quantitie from the Hylles, where as the Cut must be very deepe to such places as shalbe convenyent, to help to make up the saide Banckes and otherwyse to bestowe the same; and also for that when it shall please God that the same shalbe brought to passe and full effect, that the whole Grounde on both sydes of the saide Ryver maye lye in one Levyll from the said Cide of London to that place where the said Ryver or Trench shall have his begyning out of the mayne River of Lee; and to thend also that in al placf w,hin that Lymyt and Dystaunce al People maye w'11 great Ease and Comoditie go in and out of theyr Tyltebotes and other Vessels whatsoever w'hout prill, and so walke by

foote as long as it shall please them, and also that the Bargemen maye upon the same Grounde w^out offending

any other, draw theyr Vessels from place to place alongest the same, as of lyke they shalbe dryven to do against the Streame being loden.

And bee yt enacted, That the said Mayo' Comynaltye and Cityzens and theyr Succcsso's for ever, shall have the said Grounde alongest all the sayd whole Lengft, for such Composition as they shall make w"1 y‘ Lords Owners & Occupied of the Soyle and Grounde.

(■) Provyded alwayes and be it enacted, That yf in the newe Cut there happen any Breaches Inundations or Hurtes, the Mayor and Cityzens of London shall stop the Breaches at theyr owne Charges, and so mayntaync them from tyme to tyme.

And bee yt also enacted, That the said Lord Mayor Comynalde and Cytizens, shall have the whole Jurisdiction Conservyce Rule and Government, aswell of the saide newe Cut Ryver and Grounde of each side, as also the Royaltie of the Fyshe and Fyshing of the same, and Pfites of the said Grounde Soyle and Water, to them and theyr Successo's for ever; and also shal have aucthoritye to punishe aswell all such Transgresso's as shall offend in the breaking of such good Orders as shalbe hereafter made, for suche of the Queenes Ma'f Subjectes as shall have occasion to travayle and passe by the same new cut Ryver, as also every other pson and psons wdl shall breake such good and holesome Rules and Orders, as shalbe pvyded and ordeyned for the preservation keping and maynteyninge of the said Ryver and every part thereof.

And further bee yt enacted, That the Shyriffes and Justices of the Peace, and such other as it shall please the Lorde Chancellour or Lorde Keper of the Great Seale to put in Comyssion for the same, aswell of Middlesex Essex as of Harford Shyre, or the more of them, by theyr discretions shall at the Costes and Charges of the Countrey, after that the said newe Cut shalbe made and fynyshed, cause the same, from such place where as the saide newe Cut shall begynne unto the Towne of Ware alongest the said Ryver, to be suffyciently densed of all the Shelfes and Shallowes, and to bring the same to a convenyent Deapth in al Places for the Passages of Barges Tiltebootes and other Vessels, in as good and convenyent Deapth al the Waye of the same as shalbe made and contynued in the aforesaid newe

1 This Proviso is interlined in the Original Act.

Advantage* of bringing the River Lee or Ware River to the North of London;

The Mayor, fcc. of London authorized to lay out Ground for making aTrench for the saul River, not exceeding, including the Bank*, Ike. 160 Feet in Breadth.

II.

Ground vrited in the Mayor, See. on Compensation.

III.

Breaches shall be repaired by the City.

IV.

The Mayor, &c. shall have the Conservancy, &c. of the New.River so cut.

V.

Sheriffs and Justices of Peace, See. in Middlesex, Essex, and Hertfordshire, shall be Commissioners for cleansing the River.

7 B

LaOO

554

13° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1571

VI.

Prorino for certain Buildings.

VII. Ground taken by the City shall be fenced off.

VIII. Commissioners may be appointed by Chancery to agree with Freeholders, See. for cleansing the River.

ia.

The River shall be cleansed before the new Cut is made.

X.

City to pay for all Ground taken; and finish in Ten Years.

XI.

Free Passage through the River, &c.

XII.

Proviso for Statutes of Sewers, 8cc.

XIII.

Commissioners shall determine the Price of Ground taken,in case of Dispute.

XIV. Owners of Mills injured by the New River, shall be recompensed by the City.

Ryver by the Mayor Comynaltie & Cytizens of the said Cytye of London, and so to contynue the same from tyme to tyme, upon the Paynes therefore to be lymyted and levyed by the discretions of the sayde Comissioners or the more part of them; And also that all other Buyldinges and Obstacles standing in or upon the said Ryver, wdl may be founde Impeachmentes or Lettes to this good Wourke, may be removed and taken awaye, to thend that this may be a good and pfyte Worke, and by the Grace of God to such good Effect & Comodity as is hooped & loked for.

Provyded alwaye and bee yt enacted, That this Act shall not extend to take away any Buyldyng Locke or Obstacle wch by the said Comissioners, or the more part of them, shalbe thought not to hynder the Passage of Boates or Vessels by and throughe the saide Ryver.

And bee yt further enacted, That the Mayo' Comynaltie and Citizens of London, shall make and mayntayne at theyr Costes and Charges such suffyeyent Hedges and Fences as shalbe requysite, betwene the Groundes so by them to be taken to thuse abovesaid and the Groundes of other Owners, and also convenyent Bridges and Wayes for the Passage of the Queenes Subjects and theyr Caryages.

Provyded alwayes and be it further enacted by thaucthority aforesayd. That the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keper of the Great Seale of England for the tyme beyng shall and maye by his discretion, and at the Request of the said Lord Mayor Comynaltye and Citizens for the tyme being, appoynt & aucthorize by Comission under the Great Seale of England, Syxeteene Comissioners, whereof Foure to be of the said Cytye of London, and thother Twelve to be of the Counties adjoyning to the said Ryver of Lee, [That is to saye,1 ] Foure of every of the Sheires of Essex Myddlesex and Hartforde Sheyre, and every of the said Twelve having Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentf of the cleare yerely value of fourty Markes in the same Shyres or some of them, and not beyng Citizens of London using the Trade of Merchaundize; W,h Syxteene Comissioners or the more nuber of them, shall have full Powre and lawfull Aucthoritie to treate agre and compounde w'" such Numbers of the Freeholders and Inhabitantes of the said Counties, as to theyr Discretions shall seeme meete and convenyent, for the scowring densinge repayring and keping of the said Ryver of Lee, from suche Place whereas the said newe Ryver or Cut shal have the begyning unto the said Towne of Ware, in such sorte as that the same may be navygable for Botes Barges and other Vessels.

And further be it enacted, That untill or before such Order or Meanes be devysed and agreed upon by the said Comissioners, and the said Cdmyssion retourned into the High Courte of Chauncery, yt shall not be lawfull to the said Lord Mayo' Citizens and C5mynalty to put the said diggyng trenching or newe cutting of the said Ryver in Execution, nor to cut or take in any Ground by force of this Statute; Any Thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted, That the Mayo's Citizins and Comynaltie of London shall not by vertue of this Acte take any mans Grounde untill they have compounded wto the Owners of the same Grounde, and shall w°4n tenne yeres next after thend of the Session of this Parlyament cut and fynishe the same.

(*) Provyded alwaye and be it enacted, That all the Queenes Subjectes theyr Boates and Vessells shall have free Passage through the said Ryver, aswell the newe Cut as the olde Ryver, w^out interruption or molestacon, by reason

of or for his or theyre Passage, as in other contone Ryvers and Waters they lawfully may do.

Provyded alway, That this Lawe shall not extend to make the said Ryver to be cleansed, otherwyse then any psons be or shalbe compellable by the Lawe or by the Statute of Sewers to cleanse the same.

Provyded also and be yt enacted, That yf any pson shall refuse to be reasonably compounded w4 for Ground to be taken in for the said newe Cut and Bankes, then the said Syxteene Comyssioners or the more part of them shall appoynt and determyne the Composition and Bargayne betwene] both the pties, and the Satisfaction for such Grounde, and all Wayes Bridges and other thinges to the same parteyning.

Provyded alwaye and be it further enacted, That yf the said newe Cut shalbe the meane and occasyon that any Milles, beaneth or above the begyning of the said newe Cut, shalbe by vertue of this Acte destroyed or the pfite decayed by want of Water, then y* said Lord Mayor Comynaltie and Citizens of London shall yeeld and paye to the Owners of such Mylles so decayed, and to such psons as shall have any Detryment or Losse by such Decaye, such reasonable Recompence in Monye or yerely Rent or otherwyse as the said Syxtene Comissioners, or other Syxtene Comissioners in lyke fourme to be chosen and aucthorized, or any Twelve of them, shall determyne and appoynte; And that suche Owners theyre Heyres and Assignes shall have such reasonable Remedie, by Action of Debt or Distresse or otherwyse, to recover have and obtayne the saide Recompence as the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Reaper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being, together wth the said Syxtene Commissioners or w,h any Twelve of them, shall appoynt; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 Vz 0. The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 19.

555

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the makinge of Cappes.

IN most humble wyse shewen unto the Queenes Ma"* the Lords Spyritual & Temporall and y' Comons in this present Parlyament assembled. The Felowship and Company of Cappers of this noble Realme of England; That whereas they and others occupy eng the Trade and Scyence of Capping, have in tymes past untill nowe of late, w,h the only Travell and Industrye of theyr said Trade and Science of Capping, not onely maynteyned themselves theyr Wyves Children and Famylie in good reasonable and convenyent Estate & Degree according to theyr Vocation and Calling; but have also set on worke a great nuber and multytude of other poore persons the Queenes Ma'f Subjectes bothe Men Women and Chyldren, and also the haulte decrepite and lame, usyng them in sundry Exercises belonging to the Occupation and Art of Cappers, as Carders Spynners Knitters Part era of Woll Forsers Thyckers Dressers Walkers Diers Battelere Shearers Pressers Edgers Lyners Bandmakers and other Exercises, who have in lyke maner thereby maynteyned and releved themselves aftd theyr Famylies, and by reason of theyr Labour and Exercise therin have eschewed and avoyded not onely the greate Annoyaunce of the Townes they dwelled in, who for lacke of Exercyse must have ben enforced to begg, but also hathe kept them from raungyng and gadding throughe the Realme in practising and exercising sundry kyndes of lewdnes, as to many of them doth in these dayes, as it is evident, the more is the Pytye: And also by the meane of this good Exercise and Occupation, a greate number of psonable Men have at all tymes been redye and well able, when they should or have ben called, to serve your Highnes most Noble Pgenyto's and also your Ma*" in tyme of Warrf or elswhere; untill nowe of late dayes that moste and in maner all Men have forborne and left the using and wearing of Cappes, to the great ympoverishing and utter undoynge of all the aforesaid Companye and Felowship of Cappers, and to the greate decaye ruyne and desolation of dyvera auncient Cities and Boroughes wthin this Realme of Englande, w1* have ben the Norishers and bringers up in that Facultye of great Nombers of People, as London w"* by good report maynteyned eight thousande psons exercised in this Faculde, also Excester Brystowe Monmouth Hereford Rosse Bridgenorth Bewdeley Glocestre Worcester Chester Nantwich Newcastle Ulcestre Stafford Lychefeeld Coventrie Yorke Beverley Richemonde Darbye Leycester Northampton Shrewysburye Wellington Southampton Canterburye and dyvers others, aswell bordering and adjoyning upon the Coastes of the Seas as in other Places : In Consideration whereof, and forasmuch as the sayde auncient and laudable Science and Trade of Cappynge hathe ben of longe tyme pmytted and alowed in this most Noble Realme as a thynge very comodious and pffytable, aswell for the maynten*nce and lyvyng of a greate Nomber of psons w^in the same, as also for the upholdyng and replenishing and fortifyeng of the said auncient Cities and Bouroughes, and specially for the trading and exercising of the poorest sorte of People in honest Labour and vertuous Exercyse, and therefore pfitable to the Common wealth ; and for that also the wearyng of the same Cappes are very decent and comelye for all Estates and Degrees, and especially for all psons inhabiring w^in the Cities Bouroughes Townes Vyllages [or'] Hamlettes w,hin this Realme: For Reformation whereof it may please the Queenes Highnes and the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by thaucthoritie of the same, That it maye be enacted and established, That all and every pson and psons above Thage of syxe yerf (except Maydens Ladyes and Gentlewomen) inhabiting commoratinge and abyding w^in any of the Cities Bouroughes Townes Villages of Hamlettes of this Realme of England, And except also al Noble Psonages and every Lorde Knight and Gentleman of the Possessions of Twentye Markes Land by the Yere & theyr Hey res, And except also al such as have borne Office of Wourehip in any Citye Borough Towne Hamlet or Shyre, And also al such as have borne the Offyce of Wardens of the Wourshipfull Companyes of the Cytie of London, shall use and weare upon the Saboth and Holy Daye, onles in the tyme of theyr travel out of the said Cities Bouroughes Townes Villages or Hamlettes, upon their Head one Cappe of Woll Knytt, thicked and dressed in England, made w°'in this Realme of England, and onely dressed and fynished by some of the Trade or Science of Cappers; upon payne of forfeture for every daye not so wearing, the Sume of Three Shilling^ Foure Pence of lawfull Mony of England.

And further be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That Justices of Assise in their Cyrcuites Justices of Peace in theyr Sessions, Shyriffes in theyr Turnes, Stewardes in theyr Leetes and Lawdayes, Mayors Shyrefes and Bailiffes of Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate in theyr Courts, shall and may enquyre heare and determyne from tyme to tyme all and every the said Offences comitted and donne w,hin the Lymites of theyr several Jurisdictions and Aucthorities; And where any such Forfeytures shall happen to be founde wu,in the pkynct of any City Borough Towne Corporate Leete or Lawdaye, then the Mayo" Sheryffes and Bayliffes of the said Cities Boroughes and Townes, and Owners of the said Leete or Lawedaye, shall have and enjoy thone Moytie of the said Forfaytures, and thother Moytie to be distributed at the discretion of the Rulers and Cheese Governors of every such Citie Borough Towne or Hamlet where the Trespas shalbe tried and found, among the Poore inhabiting w'^in the same.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, for the better Execution of this Statute, That the Parentes Gardyans GovWs and Maisters shall lose and forfayte the Penalty aforesaid, for every such Child Servaunt or Warde as shalbe above thage of syxe yeres, and und' thage of one and twenty yeres, and remayning dwelling and abydinge w"‘ any suche person, w* shall offend or do contrary to this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned.

1 and 0.

Evil* arising from the Decay of the Trade of Cap-making, by the Dilute of Capi;

Every Person, (except Ladies, Peers, See.) shall on Sundays and Holidays wear on their Head a Cap of Wool, made in England, by the Cappers; Penalty, 3*. 4d- PCT Day.

H.

Justices may determine Offences, See.

III.

Parents, Sec. shall be liable to the Forfeitures of Infants and Servants.

556

13° Eliz. c.20,21

A.D. 1571

Leases of Benefices with Cure, not impropriated, shall be valid only during the Residence of the Incumbent.

No Pensions shall be charged on such Benefices.

IL

Pluralist may lease one Benefice to his Resident Curate.

III.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte touching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Lyvynges with Cure.

THAT the Lyvynges appoynted for Ecclesiasticall Mynisters may not by corrupt and indyrect Dealinges be transferred to other uses; Bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie of this present Parlyament, That no Lease after the fyfteenth day of Maye next folowing the begynning of this Parlyament, to be made of any Benifice or Ecclesiastical {’motion w*" Cure, or any part thereof, & not beyng impropryed, shall endure any longer then whyle the Leassor shalbe ordynaryly resident and serving the Cure of such Benefice, w^out absence above fourescoore Dayes in any one yere; but that every such Lease, so sone as it or any part thereof shall come to any possession or use above forbidden, or ymedyately upon such Absence shall ceasse and be voyd, and the Incumbent so offending shall for the same lose one yeres Pfitte of his said Benefice, to be distributed by the Ordinarie among the Poore of the Parrishe; And that al Charginges of such Benefices w01 Cure hereafter w,h any Pention or wu* any Pfite out of the same to be yeelded or taken, hereafter to be made, other then Rentes to be reserved upon Leases hereafter to be made according to the meaning of this Act, shalbe utterly voyde.

Phovyded that every pson by the Lawes of this Realme alowed to have Two Benefices, may demyse the one of them, upon wdl he shall not then be most ordynaryly resydent, to his Curat onely that shall there serve the Cure for hym; but suche Lease shall endure no longer then duryng such Curates rysydens, w^out Absence above fourty dayes in one yere.

This Acte to contynue to thend of the next Parlyament.

Recital of Stat.

2,3 P. & M. c. IJ. prohibiting Purveyance in Cambridge and Oxford or within Five Miles thereof j

Abuse of the said Restriction

No Purveyor, &c. shall take Provisions in Cambridge or Oxford, without Licence of the Vice-Chancellor, &c.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte that Purveyours may take Graine Corne or Vyctuals within fyve myles of Cambridge and Oxford,

in certayne cases.

WHEREAS in the Second and Thyrde yeres of the late Kynge Phillip and Queene Mary, it was with the Assent of the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall and the Comons in that present Parlyament assembled, enacted ordeyned and established, That from thencefourth no maner of Purveyour Taker Badger Loader or other Mynister might or shoulde take or bargayne for anye kynde of Vyctual or Grayne in any of the Markettes of the Townes of Cambridge and the Citie of Oxforde, nor should take or bargayne for any Vyctuall w'"in the compasse of fyve Miles thereunto adjoyninge, w,hout the Consent Agreement or good will of the Owner or Owners, neither should attempt to carry take awaye or bargayne for any maner of Grayne or other Vyctual bought or pvyded w'"in the said space of fyve Myles, by any comon Mynister of any Colledge Hostel or Haule to be spent w,hin any of the said Colledges Hostels or Haules, upon payne of forfayture of the Quadruple Value of any such maner Grayne or Vyctuall so taken or barganed for in any of the said Markettf, or w,hin the said space of fyve Myles, against the wyll of the Owners as is abovesaid, or attempted to be taken or caryed awaye or bargayned for, being pvyded as is abovesaid, for to be spent w,hlin anye of the said Collvges Hostels or Haules, and further should suffer ymprysoment for the space of Three monethes wlhout Bayle or Mayneprise; and that the Chauncelor or Vycechauncellor, or his Comissarie for the tyme beyng, in either of the said Unyversities, wth two Justices of Peace of the Countye wherein the said TJnyversitys be set, shall have ful powre by aucthoritie of the said Acte, to enquyre by the Othes of Twelve Men, of and upon the Defaultes and Offences comytted contrary to the tenour thereof, and to see due Punyshment and Reformation thereof in fourme aforesaid from tyme to tyme ; the one halfe of w*1 foresaid Forfaytures to be to the comon Treasourers of eyther of the said Unyversities respectively to the faulte edmitted against the said pryvyledg, thother halfe to the party that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Playnte or otherwyse in any Courte of Recorde, or before the foresaid Chauncello’ his Vicech‘uncellor or Commissarye, or theyr Deputies for the tyme beyng, and Two Justices of Peace as is before expressed ; as by the said Acte more at large appeareth: Sithens the makyng of wdl Acte dyvers of the Towneshippes Inhabitauntes and Resyauntes w,hin the Lymyttes and Precinct aforesaide, have converted the benefit of the said Acte to theyr pryvate use and comodytie w^out any pfite or commodity to the poore Schollers of either of the said Unyversities contrary to the true intent and meaning of the saide Acte, whereby the Queenes Ma,k is not only not served of pvysion of Corne Grayne or other Vyctuall to be taken for her Ma*f Provysion, but also the said Unyversytyes are defrauded of the Benefyt and Comodities to them intended and graunted as is aforesaid: For Remedie whereof bee yt enacted and ordeyned by thaucthoritie of this present Parlyament, That from hencefoorth no maner of Purveyour Taker Badger Loader Poulter, or other Mynister for the Queenes Ma,k her Heyres or Successors, nor any other comon Poulter, shall or maye take or bargayne for any kynd of Vyctuall or Grayne in anye of the said Markettes or Townes of Cambridge and the Citye of Oxford, or either of them, nor shall take or bargayne for anye Vyctual or Grayne w^in the compasse of the aforesaid Fyve Myles thereunto adjoynyng, w,hout the Consent Agreement Good Wyll and Lycense of eyther of the sayde Chauncellours Vycechauncellours for the tyme being in Wrytinge had and obtayned, under the Seale or Seales of the Office of the said Chauncellor or Vycechauncellor of eyther of the sayd Unyversities, and in no other

13° Eliz. c. 21, 22.

557

fourme then in the said Lycense in Wry ting shalbe conteyned and expressed, so as the same geve not to any of the foresaide Purveyours Takers Badgers Loaders Poulters or others, any further aucthoritie and powre then they have or maye lawfully use in other partes of the same Countrye being w^out the said Lymites of Fyve Myles; neither shall attempte to carrye take awaye or bargayne for any maner of Grayne and other Vyctuall bought and provyded w"’in the saide space of Fyve Myles by any comon Mynister of any Colledge Hostel or Haule, to be spent w'^in any of the said Colledges Hostels or Haules, w,hout lyke Lycence and Assent, and in no other fourme then is next aforesaid mentioned; upon lyke paynes forfaytures and ymprisonments and to lyke Uses as are lymited and ordeyned by the said former Statute; And that the said Ch'uncello's or Vycechauncellors for the tyme being of either of the said Unyversities, w,h two Justicf of Peace of the said Unyversities Citye Towne or Countye wherein the said Unyversities be set, shall have lyke powre and aucthoritie by this Acte to enquyre upon the Defaultes and Offences contrary to the tenour hereof, and to see due punyshment and reformation thereof in fourme aforesaid, as was to them lymyted and appoynted by the said former Acte.

And bee yt further by thaucthorytye aforesaid enacted and ordayned, That yf anyc pson or psons wu,in the said Precincte of Fyve Myles, shall refuse reasonably to serve the necessarie pvysion of the said Unyversities according to the true meaningc of this present Acte, that then it shalbe lawfull to anye of the Queenes Ma'f Takers or Purveyours, to provyde any Come or Vyctual of anye suche psone or psons w,hin any parte of the pcincte aforesaid, for the use of the Queenes Ma'", as shalbe declared and notyfied to the saide Purveyours or Takers to be psons not worthy of the said Pryviledge, for not reasonable serving the necessities of the said Unyversities, by the Chauncelour or Vycechauncellour for the tyme being of either of the said Unyversites, w"1 the Assent and Consent of two Justices of Peace resiaunt wlhin either of the said Unyversities Cytie Towne or Countie, under the Hands and Seales of the said Chauncelour or Vicechauncelour and the said two Justicf of Peace, as the said Purveyours or Takers lawfully may in any other place w'^out the said Precincte of Fyve Myles, and not otherwise; The said former Act or any Thing therein conteyned, or any other Clause Article Sentence or Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Peovyded, That this Acte shall not be put in execution at any tyme or tymes whensoever the Queenes Ma’", her Heyres or Successours, shall come to any of both the saide Unyversities, or w^in Seven Myles of either of them, but shalbe in suspence during that tyme onely and no longer.

Provyded alwayes, and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That this Acte or any Thynge therein conteyned shall not in any wyse be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Mayor Kayliffes and Comynaltie of the Cine of Oxford, nor the Mayor or Comynaltie of the Towne of Cambridge, or to theyr Successors, for & concerning any of theyr Liberties or Privileges; but that they and every of them and theyr Successours respectyvely may have and use the same, in such maner and fourme as they or any of them might or ought to have donne before the making of this Acte; Any thynge in thys Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provyded alwayes, That this Act shall contynue unto the laste daye of the next Parlyament.

II.

Persons refuting to supply the Univertitiet shall be liable to Purveyance.

III.

Act shall be suspended during the Queen’s Residence.

nr.

Saving for the Corporations of Oxford and Cambridge.

V.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Acte to contynue the Statute for Division of Sheriffes.

WHERE in the Parlyament by Prorogation holden at Westm, the last day of September in the eight yere of the Recital of Stat.

Raigne of our most gracious Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, and there contynued to Thend and fn^i^nfr'ing Dissolution of the same, It was ordeyned and enacted amongest other Thynges, that where the Counties and Shyres separate Sheriffs of Surrey and Sussex, Essex and Hertford, Somerset and Dorset, Warwycke and Leicester, Nottingham and Derbye,

Oxon & Barkes, of long tyme have had but one Shyriffe to serve for two of the said Counties, That is to saye.

One for Surrey and Sussex and one other for Hertford and Essex, and one other for Somerset and Dorset, and one other for Warwicke and Leycester, and one other for Nottyngham and Derbye, and one other for Oxon and Barkes, that from and after the fyrst daye of November w* was in the yere of our Lorde God a thousand fyve hundreth syxtey seven, the Queenes most excellent Ma", her Heyres and Successors Kynges and Queenes of this Realme, should and might from and after the said fyrst daye of November in the said yere of our Lord God 1567, yerely chose and make for every the said Counties before named, one suffyeient and able pson to be Sheryffe in every of the saide severall Counties, in suche lyke maner and fourme as is and hath ben used to be chosen made and donne for any other County or Shyre w"'in this Realme; Any Lawe Custome or Usage heretofore had or used to the contrary thereof notww'hstandinge ; wth dyvers other Artycles Clauses Braunches and [pvysions'] therein conteyned, as by the said Acte more at large doth and may appeare; The same Acte to contynue and endure to thend of three whole yeres, to be accompted from the Feaste of All Sainctf in the said yere of our Lord God 1567, and from thence to thend

1 Provisoes 0.

7C

558

13° Eli z. c.22, 23.

A.D. 157A'

of the next Parlyamet, then next folowing the end of the said three yeres: And Forasmuche as the Chargf and Burthen of Shyreffes are partly eased thereby, and also an Occasion of the better Execution of Justice mynistred, by reason that the Gentlemen appoynted to be Shyriffes do best knowe and are best acquaynted w"1 those Counties Recited Act m»de ^ shyres wherein they inhabite and are commorant, as by the Experience thereof hath ben well seene; Bee yt m to'surrey'iDS1 therefore enacted by the Queenes most Excellent Ma'" the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in this Sunex. present Parlyament assembled and by thaucthoritye of the same, That the said Acte made in the said eight yere of

her Ma*f Raigne, for touchyng and conceminge the choyse electyon and making of Shyriffe and Sheryffes in the saide severall Counties of Surrey Sussex Essex Hertford Somerset Dorset Warwycke Leycester Nottingham Derbie Oxon and Barkes and every of them, And that all and every Article Clause Sentence Braunche and Pvyso therein conteyned, shall from henceforth for all and every the said Shyres and Counties and every of them, except the said Shyres of Surrey and Sussex, stand remayne and contynue in full Force Strength Vertue and Effect to all Intentes Constructions and Purposes, to be holden and kept for ever; Any Acte Statute Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Certain Way» near Aldgate shall be paved by the Owners of Houses, &c. on each Side ; Penalty, 38. 4d. per square Yard,

IL

For carrying off the Water horn suchWays, Ditches shall be cleansed, &c.; Penalty,

3s. 4<L per Rod.

CHAPTER XXm.

An Acte for pavyng of a Streete without Algate.

WHERE as one Waye betwene two Postes next Algate, sometyme called the Barres next Algate, in the Parrysh of S* Butolphe in the Suburbs of the Citie of London, and a corner House in the said Parrysh nowe in thoccupation of Thomas Sparrowe, and one Waye extending and leading from a Place called Thold Cage in the said Prysh of S' Butolphe to the North End of a Lane called Nyghtingale Lane in the Prish of S' Mary Matfellon at Whyte Chappell, and one other Waye betwene the said Place called Thold Cage and one Myll called the Crasse Mill in the said Parish of S' Marye, by reason aswell of dyvers the Queenes Ma'f Caryages passynge by and throughe the said Wayes from her Highnes Store Houses of Minories Marie Graces and Ratcliffe to the Towre of London, and other Caryages, as also the greate Passage Course and Recourse of dyvers her Subjectes on Horsebacke and one Fotote are become so myerie and fowle in the Wynter tyme as hard it is to have any Passages for the same through the said Wayes : For Reformation and Amendment whereof. Bee yt enacted ordeyned and established by the Queenes MaM' the Lordes Spyrytuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parlyament assembled, and by thaucthorytye of the same. That all and every pson and psons Bodies Polityke and Corporate, theyr Heyres and Successors that nowe be, or at any tyme hereafter shalbe seased of any Manours Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentf in any wyse next adjoyninge to the said Hyghe wayes, or any of them, be it on thon side or on thother side or sydes of them or any of them, of any Estate of Fee Simple Fee Tayle or for tearme of Lyfe or Lyves, shall before the Feast of S* Mychel Ttharchaungel w* shalbe in the yere of our Lord God a thousand fyve hundreth threescore and twelve, sufficiently pave or cause to be paved w'h Stones the said Wayes, and every of them, along by his & theyr Manours Landes and Tenementes adjoyning to the saide Wayes, and every or any of them, unto the myddest of the same Wayes; and shall at all tymes after the said Feast of S' Mychell Tharchaungell, wch shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God M. D. lxxij. sufficiently mayntayne the Pavementes of the said High wayes against every of theyr said Landes and Tenementes, in such lyke manor and fourme as is above declared; upon payne to forfayte unto the Quenes Ma'1', her Heyres and Successors, for every Yarde square of the saide Pavements not sufficiently paved repayred amended or maynteyned Three Shillinges Foure Pence; Thone Halfe thereof to be to the Queenes Ma'k, her Heyres and Successo's, and thother Halfe to hym or them that wyll sue for the same.

And because the Waters fallynge to and upon the said Wayes betwene the saide two Postes next Algate, and the said comer House nowe in the occupation of the said Thomas Sparrowe hathe and doth comonly overflowe into the Ditch of the Towre of London when greate aboundance of Water falleth in the same Waye, whereof the said Towre Dych is the rather to be in short tyme filled up j It is therefore ordeyned enacted and established by thaucthoride aforesaid, That the said Waters on both sides of the said Hygh waye shall have the Fall and Course onely from the said Waye downe to the said comer House, and from thence into the Dyche lyeng on the North side of Hogg Lane, and so to the Comon Sewer at the East end of the said Hogg Lane; And that al and every pson and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate, theyr Heyres Successors and Assignes, that have or hereafter shall have any Landes Tenementes or Heredytamentes in Fee Simple Fee Tayle or for Terme of Lyfe or Lyves, adjoyning to the said Diche on the North syde of Hogg Lane either on thon side or on the other, shall sufficiently before the said Feast of S' Michael wch shalbe in the yere of our Lord God 1572, skowre and cleanse and so kepe skowred and cleansed the said Dyche alonge the saide Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes to the myddest of the saide Dyche; upon payne that every peon and psons Bodies Polytike and Corporate, theyr Heyres and Successors and Assignes, wch shall suffer the same or any part thereof to be unskowred and uncleansed after the saide Feast Daye of S' Mychael, shall forfayte and loose to our said Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Ma'1*, her Heyres and Successours, the sume of Three Shillinges Foure Pence for every Pole or Rod in Lengthe conteyninge Sixteene Foote and a Halfe, for every Moneth that the same shalbe unskowred and uncleansed after the same Feast.

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c.23, 24.

559

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoryde aforesaid. That the Justycea of Peace w^so the Citie of London, and in the said Countie of Mydd w* for the tyme shalbe, at all tymes hereafter at the general Sessions of Peace to be kept and holden in the said County of Midd, shall have aucthoritie to enquyre of all and every the said Defaultes to be done w*^ the Powre and Lymites of theyr Comyssion; And further to set and aasesse for such Defaultes, upon all and every the pson and p6ons and Bodyes Polytyke and Corporat aforesaid, all such further Penalties and Sumes of Money for the not making keeping and maynteyning of the said Diche and Watercourse, and every or any of them, as to theyr Discretions shalbe thought meete, and that all such Penalties and somes of Money as shalbe so assed and taxed, shalbe forfeyted and lost to our said Soveraigne Lady, her Heyres and Successors.

III.

Justices of Peace in London and Middlesex, shall execute this Act, &c.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the pavyng of the Towne of Ipswiche.

FOR that it is very convenyent and necessarie for the Towne of Ipswich in the County of Suffolke that the Pavementes of the Streetes there be repayred and newe made, according to the Necessitye thereof, the Inhabitantes of the saide Towne humbly praye, That it maye be enacted by our Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, the Lords Spyrituall and Temporall and Comons of this present Parlyament assembled, and by thaucthoritye of the same, That all and singuler psons theyr Heyres and Successors now being or wch hereafter shalbe imediate Owners Landlordes or Terretenauntes of any Houses Landes or Tenementes w^in the said Towne or the Suburbes of the same, of any Estate or Estates in Fee Simple Fee Tayle [or'] for Lyfe or Yeres, shall from tyme to tyme and at all tymes from and after the last daye of this present Session of Parlyament, at the Assignement or Appoyntment of the Bayliffes of the said Towne for the tyme being, aswell pave or cause to be paved w* good pavyng Stones, along from and against his or theyr Houses Landes and Tenementes adjoyning to the Streete, so much of the said Streete in lengh as his or theyr saide Houses Landes or Tenementes so adjoyning extendeth unto, and in breadth during all the said lengh to the Chanel, or to such Place as the Chanell there shalbe by the saide Bayliffes for the tyme beinge appoynted to; upon payne to lose or forfayte for every Yard Square not sufficiently paved in fourme aforesaid w^n Two Monethes after Warnyng thereof geven to the Baylifff for the tyme befog, the same befog presented before the Bayliffes of the said Towne for the tyme beyng by the Twelve Headboroughes of the same Towne, Twelve Pence of lawfoll Mony of England ; And that the saide. Owners Landlordes or Terretenauntf and all and every pson and psons havyng or wch hereafter shall, have any House Houses Landes or Tenementes in Fee Simple Fee Tayle or for tearme of Lyfe or Yeres, adjoyning to any of the Streetes wlllin the saide Towne or Suburbes, theyr Heyres and Successors, shall from the saide laste daye of this present Session sufficiently from tyme to tyme mayntayne and repayre as often as it shalbe nedeful, the Pavement of the saide Streete and Streetes so adjoyning, w* lyke Stone, against all and every theyr Landes and Tenementes, in such and lyke Maner as above is declared, upon payne of forfayture for every Yarde Square of the same not suflfyciently repayred and amended, and presented in maner and fourme aforesaid, Eight Pence of lyke Monye.

Ann where any neede shalbe of [Pavementes’] of any of the sayde Streetes adjoyning to any Churches or Churchyardes wll,so the said Towne or Suburbes of the same ; Bee yt also enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That the same Streete shalbe paved and repayred wlh Stone from tyme to tyme at the Charges of the Parishioners of every such Church and Churchyard; the Charges thereof to be indifferently rated by the Twelve Headboroughes aforesaid or the more part of them, and the same to be levyed in suche manr as the Forfaytures by this Acte are to be levyed: And that all the said Forfaytures above mentioned shal be to thuses of the Bayliffes Burgeses and Comynalties of the saide Towne of Ipswich and theyr Successors, to and for Thamendment of the Have there, at and by the discretion of the said Bayliffes and of the Portemen of the said Towne or of the more parte of them.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaide, That the Bayliffes for the tyme beyng and theyr Successors, shall have foil Powre and Aucthoritie once every Quarter of a Yere, after the last day of this present Session, w'^so the said Towne, to inquyre by the othes of the said Twelve Headboroughes for the tyme being of every such defalte of Pavyng or of not repayring or amending of the said Pavementes ; And for every defaulte so before them presented by the said Twelve Headboroughes, shall have also Powre and Aucthoritye to levye or cause to be levyed by Distresse or lawfoll Meanes w,hin or upon the saide Houses Landes or Tenementes, the said severall Forfaytures and Sumes of Monye assed; And that the saide Bayliffes shall and maye make suche like Avowry Cognisaunce or Justification for the same as may be made for Arrerages of Rent Charge by the Comon Lawes of this Realme, and shall have lyke Judgement of and for Costes Damages and Returne.

Provyded alwayes, That yf the [Leases3] for Yeres or at Will of the said Houses Landes or Tenementes, or of the Houses Landes or Tenementes wlhin the saide Towne of Ipswiche or Suburbes of the same, do suffycienrly pave or repayre the Streetes before the Mansions or Dwellynge Places in fourme aforesaide, That then they and every of them shall and maye defaulke abate and reteyne in his and theyr owne Handes, as much of theyr Rents due to theyr Leassors or others to whome the yffiediate Revertion of theyr sayde Houses Landes or Tenementes do belong, as they

1 O omits. * pavement 0. 1 Leasees 0.

Owners of Houses in Ipswich shall pave and keep in Repair the Streets in iront of their Houses; Penalty on not paving, is.; on not repairing, 8d. per square Yard.

IL

Streets opposite Churches, Sic. shall be paved by Rate on Parishioners.

Application of Forfeitures.

III.

Bailiffs of the Town shall inquire of Defaults, and levy Penalties.

IV.

Lessees paving the Streets may deduct Expences out of their Rents.

L_

560

13° Eliz. c.24, 25.

A.D. 1571.

V.

Bailiffs, &c. of the Town, and Church, wardens of l*arishes, may assess and levy Church Rates for maintaining Ministers and repairing Churches.

VI.

Churchwardens shall account for such Rates to their Successors.

can duely pve to have ben expended by them upon the same pavynge; and so muche defaulked shalbe to all Internes accompted as payde to theyr Leassors in such fourme as by theyr Leases is appoynted to be payed ; and the said Leassors or they to whome suche rent shalbe due, to have no Action or Title of Reentrie, for or by reason of the none payment of so much of the same Rent as shalbe defaulked, except the said [Leases'] have otherwyse conven'nted to make the said pavemente at theyr owne Costes and Charges, or beare harmeles their Lessours of all Charges Payments or Dueties issuyng out of or to be ymposed upon suche theyr Houses Landes or Tenementes.

And where also there are w,hin the said Towne of Ipswich and the Suburbes of the same, dyvers Parrishe Churches either nothyng or verey poorely endowed, and unsuffycient to mayntayne convenyent Mynisters ; Be yt therefore enacted by the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye and the Lordes Spyrytual and Temporall and by the Comons of this present Parlyament assembled, and by thaucthoritye of the same, That the Bayliffes of the saide Towne of Ipswiche wth the Port Men there, or the more Part of them for the tyme beynge, callynge to them the Church wardens and Foure other of every of the said severall Parisshes shall have full Powre and Aucthoritie to taxe and assesse upon every House Ground and Tenement, free or copye, scituate and beyng w"'in the saide severall Parishes, such reasonable Summe and Summes of Monye to be yere/y payed, as well for and towardes the finding and maynteyning of a convenyent Stipendarie Mynister w'^in every of the said Parrishes, as to and for the Reparations of the said severall Churches and Chauncels as they shall thinke meete. And also shall lymyt and appoynte the tyme and tymes when the severall Paryshoners shall paye the same, and shall enter the same w"1 the severall Names and Summes payable by every pson into a Paper Booke wc" shall remayne w'" the sayd Baylyffes for the tyme beinge; And also shall appoynte the sayd Church wardens to collect and receyve the same from yere to yere, to whom a Copy of the said Booke shalbe delyvered by the said Bayliffes ; and every such Churchwarden so appoynted, to do the best of his endevour to collect and gather the saide several Sumes, and shall have full Powre and Aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to distrayne the Goodes or Cattals of any of the saide severall Paryshoners makyng defaulte to and for the Payment of the said Rates at the tyme and tymes lymited for the same w^in the Charge of theyr Collection; and the Dystresse so taken shall and maye avowe or justyfie in such maner and fourme as is used for Rent Charge beyng unpayde at the Comon Lawe.

And bee yt also further enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid. That every suche Church warden, his Executors and Admynystrators shalbe accomptable of and for his Collection and Receypt, before the Churchwardens of the said severall Pryshes wch shall succeede them, and before the Inhabitantes, or the more part of them, of the same Prish, yf they wylbe present there, when and where so ever he or they shall be thereunto requyred; and shall presently upon the determynation of his or theyr Accompt paye all such Summes of Monye as it shall appeare that he or they be charged with to the Handes of such other Churchwardens as then shall succeede.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for the revyvyng and continuance of certayne Statutes.

retwed «ndmade TX7HERE in the Parlyament begun and holden at London the thyrd daye of November in the one and twenty perpetual, viz. v v yere of the Raygne of our late most dread Soveraygne Lord of famous memorie Kyng Henry Theyght, and from

wmdJng Wooh (17* l^ence adjomed to Westm, and there holden and contynued by dyvers ^rogations until the dissolution thereof, 23 H.VIII. c. 3. An Acte was made for the true wynding of Wols: And where also in the same Parlyament, one other Acte was made and established for Attayntes to be sued for the Punishment of Perjurie upon untrue Verdittes: And wher in Pre6Edn8vY°°d91 t*1C Parlyament holden at Westm in the fyve and thyrtey yere of the Raygne of our said late Soveraigne Lord King llegrators, sic. '4 Henry Thyght, one Acte was made for the Preservation of Woodes: And where also at the Session of a Parlyament Milch Kine1 C'3* ^y Prorogation holden at Westm the three and twenty daye of Januarye in the fyfte yere of the Raygne of our late Soveraigne Lord Kynge Edward the Sixt, one Acte was then and there made against Regratours Forstallers and Ingrossers: And where also at a Parlyament begun and holden at Westm the one and twenty daye of October in the second and thyrd yeres of the Raignes of the late Kynge Phillip and Queene Marie, and there contynued untill the dissolution of the same, one Acte was made then and there for kepyng of Mylch Kyne, and for the breeding and rearyng of Calves: All wth Actes were by sundry Actes of Parlyament contynued in Force and Effect untill thend and dissolution of the last Parlyament of our Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Mauc that nowe is; at wch tyme the same severall Actes and every of them were dyscontynued, and lost theyr Force and Effectes; Which Actes above mentioned and every of them by Prose and Experience have, since the making of the same, ben tryed and found to be very necessarie benefyciall and pffitable for the Comon Wealth of this Realuie, and therefore are thought good to be made perpetuall; Bee it therefore enacted by the Queenes Matie our sayd Soveraigne Ladye w01 the Assent of the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall and the Comons in thys present Parlyament assembled and by thaucthoritye of the same, That the said Actes above remembred and every of them, and all and every the Braunches Clauses and P visions in them and every of them conteyned, shalbe revyved and from henceforth remayne and contynue in Force and Effect for ever.

11 • And where also in the said Parlyament begun and holden at London in the thyrd daye of November in the saide

one and twentye yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kyng Henry Theight, and from thence adyomed to Westm, and there contynued by Progation untill the dyssolution thereof, one Acte was there made, entytuled An Acte against the

1 Leasees 0.

Go

Original fror

PENN STA1

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 25.

561

kyllyng of young Beastes called Wenlinges: And where in the Session of a Parlyament ended at West® in the fyrst daye of Februarie in the fourth yere of the Raygne of our said late Soveraygne Lord Kyng Edwarde the Syxt, one Acte was made concemyng the buying and selling of Rother Beastes: And also one other Acte was then and y*' lykewyse made, entytuled An Acte for the buyeng and sellyng of Butter & Cheese: All wch Actes were contynued untill thend of the laste Parlyament of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma‘" that nowe is, at w* tyme the same were lykewyse for defect of further contynuaunce, discontinued and lost theyr Force and Effectes: And where also an Act was made in the fyrst Session of the said Parlyament holden in the fyfte yere of her Ma'f Raigne, entytuled An Act for the maynten'unce and encrease of Tillage: And one other Acte then also made, entytuled An Acte for the Releefe of the Poore; wcl1 were to endure to thend of the next Session of the same Parlyament, and then also to thend of the said Parlyament dyscontinued and lost theyr force & effect for defect of further contynuance : And where also in the Parlyament begun and holden at Westm in the three and twentye daye of January in the fyrste yere of the Reigne of the Queenes Ma"* that nowe is, and there contynued by Progation untill the dissolution thereof, one Acte was then and there made, entytuled An Acte for the Preservation of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe; wA Acte was to endure to thend of the next Parlyament, and then in the same next Parlyament was not any further contynued, and so lykewyse lost his Force and Effecte: Forasmuch as all the said severall Actes and every of them last recited, do seme by Tryall and Experience of them hitherto had, to be good pffitable and necessarye for the Comon wealthe of this Realme, & therefore to be revyved & to have yet further contynuaunce; Bee yt therefore enacted by our said Soveraigne "Lady the Queenes Ma"% w'h Thassent of the said Lordes Spyritual and Temporal and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled & by thaucthorytie of the same. That all the said laste mentyoned Actes and every of them, and all the Artycles Clauses and Pvysions in them and every of them conteyned, shalbe lykewyse revyved, and shall from henceforth contynue and endure in full Force and Effect untyll thend of the next Parlyament.

And where also one Acte entytuled an Acte for the making of Gaoles in dyvers Shyres of this Realme, was made in the aforesaid Parlyament begun and holden the thyrde daye of November in the one & twenty yere of the Raigne of our said late Soveraigne Lord King Henry theight, and sithence by dyvers Actes contynued untill the death of the same late Kyng, and after in the last Sessyon of the Parlyament begun and holden upon progation at Westm the foure and twenty daye of October in the first yere of the Raigne of our sayd late Soveraigne Ladye Queene Marie, the same Acte and all Clanses and Sentences therein conteyned was then made to contynue and endure untill thend of Tenne yeres then next ensuing thend of the same Parlyament; whiche Acte afterwards in the fyrst Session of Parlyament begun and holden at Westmister the twelf daye of Januarie in the fyfte yere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma,ic that nowe is, and there by progation contynued untill the dissolutio thereof, was by one Acte then and there made, and entytuled An Acte for the revyving of a Statute made Anno vicesimo tertio Henrici Octavi, touching the repayring of Gaoles made to contynue and endure in full force and effecte, and to be observed and kept in al Thinges unto thend and terme of Tenne yeres next ensuing the last day of the same Parlyament, and was also by the said Acte made in the same fyfth yere of her Ma'f Reygne, in c?tayne Poyntes and Artycles enlarged, as by the same Acte more fully appeareth: And forasmuch as the said Actes made in the said one and twenty yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kyng Henry the Eight, and in the said Session of Parlyament holden in the fyfth yere of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma" that nowe is, touching the making and repayring of Gaoles, are thought to be very good and benefyeial for the Comon wealth of this Realme, and do not yet extend to the County of Cambridge;

Bee yt therefore enacted, That the said Actes shall extend to the saide Countye of Cambrydg, and to and for the

makyng and repayring of Gaoles in the same Countye, in all and every Thyng and Aitycle as fully and in as ample maner & fourme as the same Actes and either of them do extend to the Counties & Gaoles in them, and either of them specially mentyoned, and as though the said County of Cambridg and the Gaole in the same Countye had ben in the same Actes and either of them specially mentyoned ; and that the said Actes and every Clause Sentence and Pvision in them and either of them conteyned, shall contynue and indure and be observed in all Thinges, aswell w^in the said Countie of Cambridg as in other the Counties or Shyres in the same Actes and in eyther of them specified, for Ten whole yeres next ensuing thend and determynation of the Ten yeres mentioned in the said Acte made in the said fyfth yere of the Raygne of our said Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Ma'k that nowe is.

And where in the fyrst Session of the Parlyament begun and holden at Westm in the sayd fyfth yere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes MaUc that nowe is, and from thence contynued by prorogation untill the dyssolution thereof, one Acte was then and there made entytuled. An Acte for thavoyding of dyvers forraigne Warres made by handy craftes men beyond the Seas; and one other Acte entytuled An Acte for the Punyshment of such persons as shou|d peure or comyt any wilful Perjurie; w*h Actes were lymyted to indure to thend of the next Parlyament: And where also in the last Session of the same Parlyament holden by progation at Westm in theight yere of the

Raigne of the Queenes most excellent Ma'k that nowe is, one Acte was then and there made, entytuled An Acte for

Bowyers and the Pryces of Bowes, and was made to contynue to thend of the fyrst Session of then y' next Parlyament; & also w'^all one other Acte then made entytuled An Acte for the Preservation of Grayne, and to contynue to thend of the next Parlyament ensuing; All w" severall Actes w,hout further contynuaunce will end and discontinue in this present Parlyam*, and also lose theyr force and effectes: Wherefore and forasmuch as the same several Actes and every of them do seeme good benefyeial and nedefull to be further contynued for the Weale and Pfite of this Realme; Bee yt therefore further enacted by the Queenes most excellent Ma'k, w"’ thaasent of the Lordes Spyrytual and Temporal), and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled, and by thaucthoritie of the same, That the same Actes and every of them, and eche and every Artycle Clause and Sentence in them and every of them conteyned, shall contynue be and indure in full force and effect until thend of the next Parlyament.

7 D

Certain Acti revived, and continued till End of the next Parliament; viz.

1+ H. VIII. c.9. killing Weanling* j

*& 4E.VI. c. 19. Rother Beast*;

3 ft 4 E.VI. c. si. Butter and Checie;

5 Elia. c. *. Increase of Tillage;

1 Eliz. e. 17. preserving Fry of Ftsh.

III.

*3 H. VIII. c. a. for building Gaols (continued by 1 Mary, St.*, c.14. and revived continued and enlarged by J Eliz. c. *4,) extended, as enlarged, to the County of Cambridge, and further continued for Ten Years.

IV.

Certain Acts continued till End of next Parliament, viz. 5 Eliz. c. 7. foreign made Ware 1 j

t Eliz. c.9. Perjury

8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowyers j

8 Eliz. c. it. destroying Crows.

UO I

562

13° Eliz. c. 25,26.

A.D. 1571

V.

5 Eliz. c. 7. shall not affect Intercourse under Treaties.

VL

All Woods and Coppices shall be inclosed, for Two Years longer than the Times respectively required by Stat. 35 H. VIII. c. 17.

VII.

All Badgers of Corn shall be licensed under St. 5 Eliz. c. 1Z.

VIII. St.y,6E.VI. c. 11. against Regrators, not to extend to Wines, &c.

Grant, by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of a Subsidy of (it. in the Pound:

Tenor of the said Grant:

Motives for the Subsidy -.

Phovyded neverthelesse, and be yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That the said Acte concerning the avoyding of forraigne Wares made by hande craftes Men beyond the Seas, or any Clause Artycle or Meaning therein conteyned, shall not in any wyse extend or be prejudiciall to any Entercourse or Treatyse of any Entercourse nowe standing in force, had or made betwene the Pgenytours of the Queenes Matk or her Highnes, and any others ; Any Thinge heretofore or nowe ordeyned or enacted to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

(1) For the more Increase of Woddes, where by an Acte of Parlyament made in the fyve and thyrtey yere of the Raigne of Kyng Henry the Eyght, entytuled For the p>servation of Woodes, &c. there are severall Clauses lymiting howe many yeres al maner of Landes or Copies Woodes, being severall or in commen, shall next after the felling thereof be sufficiently inclosed, or the Springes thereof otherwyse saved and preserved from destruction, as by the same Acte more pticularly appeareth ; For that by experience it is founde that the space and tyme of the saide severall yeres of Inclosure or Preservation is not sufficient. Bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie of this present Parlyament, That from the twentye of June next, al maner of Woodes or [Copies1 ] intended by the said Acte to be inclosed, and the Springes thereof preserved, shalbe sufficiently inclosed, or the Springes thereof otherwyse saved from destruction by the space of two full yeres more then in the several Clauses of the said Acte is severally lymyted, according to thage of the Woodes felled, upon lyke Paynes as are contayned in the foresaid Clauses of the said Acte conceminge Inclosure or Preservation of the said Woodes [Coppies1] or Sprynges ; and that from the said twenty of June next folowing it shall not be lawfull for any maner of pson to put any maner of Catall into any [Copie3] Wooddes inclosed to be preserved from the tyme of the Sale thereof, untill thend of fyve yeres ; nor from thend of fyve yeres any other Cattal but Calves and yerelinge Coltes onely untill thend of syxe yeres, yf the Wood was under thage of fourtene yeres at the laste fall, or untill thage of eight yeres, yf the Wood was above thage of fouretene at the tyme of the laste fall, &c. Provyded that this Addition to the Statute of Woodes shall contynue as long in force as the aforesaid Estatute made in the fyve and thyrtey yere of the Raigne of King Henry the Eight.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That no pson or psons shalbe a Byer Badger Kydier or Carrier of Corne Catal Butter Cheese and such lyke kynd of Vyctuall, in none other maner nor fourme then ys conteyned in a Statute made in the fyfth yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, nor shalbe any other wayes admytted or lycensed to be a Byer Badger Kydyer or Carrier as is aforesaid, then is mentioned and appoynted by the said Statut; Any Thing in this or any other Act heretofore to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Phovyded alwaye and be it enacted, That the said Acte against Regratours Forestalled and Ingrossers is not meant to extend, nor shall extend, to any Wynes Oyles Sugers Spices Corrans nor other forraigne Vyctuals brought or to be brought into this Realme from beyond the Seas, Fysshe and Salt only excepted.

CHAPTER XXVI. («)

An Acte for the Confirmacbn of a Subsedie gr*unted by the Clergye.

WHEARE the Prelates and Clargye of the Province of Canterbury have lovinglye and liberallye for certeyne Considerac&ns, geven and graunted to the Queenes Ma* a Subsedye of Sixe shillingf of the pounde, to be taken and levyed of all and syngler theyre Promotions Spirituall within the same Provynce durynge the tearme of Three yeares nowe nexte ensuynge, in suche certeyne maner and forme and wlb such Exceptions and ProvicOns as be spyed and conteyned in a certeyne Instrument by theym thereof made and delyv'ed to the Queenes Heighnes under the Sealle of the moste RevWde Father in God Mathewe nowe Archbyshoppe of Canterbury and Prymate of all England j Wrt Instrumente is nowe exhybyted in this pnte Parlyament to bee ratifyed ; the Teno' whereof ensueth in theise Wordes

Thu Prelates and Cleargye • of the Provynce of Canterburye, beyngc lawfullye congregated and assembled togeathe' in a Convocation or Sinode, caulinge to theyre remembraunce the greate and manyfolde Benefites wa‘ they have manye and sondrye Wayes receavyd of yor Majesties moste gratious Bowntifullnes, principalie for the settynge for the and advaunceinge of Godes holye Woorde, his syncere and trewe Religion, and abolishinge all forrayne powre contrarye to the same; Consideringe further the inestimable Chardges susteyned by youre Highnes of late dayes, aswell in repressynge the detestable Rebellyon within thys youre Realme, accompted by some of yo' unnaturall Subjectes, Enemyes to God, to yor Majestie and to this their natyve Countrye, as also in procurynge so muche as in youre Heighnes hath lyenn, by all godlye and prudent meanes, the abatynge of all Hostilitie and Persequution w,hin the Realme of Fraunce, and in other places practyzed againste the Professors of Gods holie Gospell and trewe Religion; Ponderinge also what Chardges yo' Highnes hath bien at to reduce the Scottes to an Unitye and Concorde amownge theymselves; and finallye weighinge the great Chardges wherewith youre Majestie is like to be burdenyd hereafter in defendinge and preservinge this youre Realme, withe other youre Highenes Domynyons and naturall Subjectes in Xpian Peace and Tranquilitye agaynste all Assaultes of foren Enimyes : In Consideration of the premysses, and for a trewe declaracbn of oure bounden dewtyes good Hartes and Myendes towardes yor Majestie, withe one uniforme Agreament Accorde and Consent togeather wlh moste hartye good will, have geven and graunted and by thiese pntes

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in Three separate Schedules. 4 Coppicf 0. 5 Coppic O.

4 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

Original

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 26.

56 3

doe geve and graunt to yor Heighnes yo' heyres and successo's, One Subsidie in maner and sonne followeinge; Grant of 6*. in

That ys to saye, That everye Archbusshope Busshope Deane Archdeacon Provouste Maister of Colledge Prebendarie |he vj^ of"

Parsonn Vacar, and every other parson and parsons of whatsoever name or degree he or theye be, wlhin the Provynce pJ0Sp'[|tu*1

of Canterburyc, enjoyeinge any Spuall Promotion or other Temporall Pocessyonn to the same SjSuall Promotion rated to the

annexed, nowe not devyded nor seperated by Acte of Parliament or otherwise frome the possessyon of the Cleargye, Tenth j

shall paye to youre Heighnes yor heyres and successours, for every pounde that he maye yearely dispende by reason

of the saied Spuall Promotion the some of syx shillingf : And for the trewe and certein value of all the Promotions,

and ev*y of theym, whereof the payement of this Subsidie shalbe made, the Rate Taxae&n Valuacon and Estimaf&n nowe

remaynynge of Recorde in yo' Majesties Courte of Exchequor, for the payment of the perpetuall Disme or Tenth

graunted to yo' Majesties most noble Father in the xxvj" yeare of his Raygn, conceminge such Promoctma as nowe

be in Pocessyon of the Cleargye, or of any other not devided by any Acte of Parliament, or otherwyse alienated from

the pocessyon of the Cleargye, shall onlie be followed and obs'ved, witheout makeinge any Valuac&n Rate Taxac&n

or Estymac&n, other then in the saied Recorde is nowe comprised: Provided alwaies, That forasmuch as the Tenth but payable on

parte of the saied Rate and Valuaf&n before menc&ned, is yearely paied to yo' Highnes for the saied ppetuall Disme, Nine entl"on,y ’

so as there remayneth onely Nyne partes to the Incombent clere. This Subsidie of Syxe shillingf the pownde shalbe

understanded and ment of every pounde onelie of the saied Nyne partes and of no more: Provided alwaies that no and not on the

parson that is allredye promoted to any Spuall Benefice or Promoc&n sythens the firste daie of October laste paste, promotion*

in the yere of or Lorde God 1570, or that hereafter shalbe promoted to anny Spuall Benefice or Promotion on

thisside the firste daie of October wd shalbe in the yeare of oure Lorde God 1573, by reason wherof he

is shall or maye be chardged to the payment of the Firste Fruites for the saide Promoc&n, shalbe contributorie or

chardged for the same to yo' Heighnes youre Heyres or Successors, wth any pte of this Subsidie duringe the firste

yeare after the acceptaunce of his saied Promoc&n: And youre Prelates and Cleargye also doe graunte that thys payable in Three

Subsidie of vj s. the Pounde of the Nyne partes of the yearely Value of ev’y Promoc&n Spuall aforesaied w^in the e*r*’ *• "ch-

saied Province taxed as is aforesaied, shalbe paied to yo' Majestie, yo' Heires and Successors, w^in three yeares next

ensueinge the date hereof, in man! and forme followeinge, That is to saye, Twoe shillingf of ePy Pounde aforesaied, in

every of the saied three yeres; The firste Paymete therof to be dewe at the firste daie of October nowe next Time* of Payment.

ensueinge, in this pnte yere of oure Lorde God One thousande fyve hundreth three schore and eleven; and the

Second Payment thereof to be due at the firste daye of October, wch shalbe in the yeare of o' Lorde God a thowsaund

fyve hundreth three schore and twelve ; And the Thirde Payment thereof to be dewe at the firste daye of October in the

yere of o' Lorde God One thowsand fyve hundreth three schore and theirten; to bee deliverid & paied yearly by

suche parsone and parsons as in this pnte Graunt shalbe appointed to have the collecc&n thereof to the Lorde

Heighe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of England for the tyme beinge, or to such other parson or parsonns, and in

such Place or Places as yt shall please yo' Heighnes to appointe, to be paied at or before the thirtennth daye of

January in ev*y of the saied Three yeares, without payeing any thinge to the Receyvor or to any other offyeer or

parsonns to be assygned for the Receipte thereof, for any Accquietaunce or other Dischardge upponn any suche

Payment & Receipte of the sayd Subsidie or anye pte thereof to be geven and deliv’ed, but onlye iiij d. and that to

the Clarcke for the Wrytinge of ev'y of the same Acquittauncf or Dischardge for every of the same Paymentf:

Item, Youre Graces saied Prelates and Cleargye also do graunte, yr every Prieste and all other Ecclesiasticall parsonns Like Subridy on

havynge any Penc&n by reason of the Dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colleges Free Chappellf Chauntrys £""on*to

Fraternities Guyldes and Hospitallf, or of anny other Spuall Dignitie or Corpora£&n nowe dissolved within the saied

Provynce of Canterburye, shall likewise paye to yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successors, Syxe Shillingf of ev’y Pounde

of the sayde Penc&ns within the saied Three yeares, at suche dayes and tyines as are before specified; And that for y*

sure Payment thereof, Deducc&n & Retenc&n of the sayde vj s. shalbe made yerely in the Hands of the Payers of the

sayde Penc&ns after the Rate and Porc&n of Two shillingf the Pounde everye of the sayde 1 hree yeres, to be defied

and paied by her Highnes Receavours and Officers deputed for the Payment of such Pen&Sns unto youre Majesties

use, at suche tyme and to suche psonns as the Subsidie of Syx shillingf y' Pounde aforesaied shalbe paied unto:

Item, Youre saiede Prelates and Cleargye doe graunte that ev*y Priest or Minister Stipendarie receveynge an annuell Proportional

Sdpende, beynge no perpetuitie of Syx Poundes xiij s. iiij d. or above within the saied Province, shall paye unto the f0Upri^n{Stlp*n<1,

use of yo' Highnes, youre Heyres & Successors Syx Shillingf and Eight Pence in every of the saied Three yeares at suche

tyme & to suche p6ones as the saied Subsidie shalbe payed; And for Defaulte of Payment of the saied Stipendaries,

that ev'y Psone Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall psonn Proprietarie or Farmore hiringe any Priste or Minister to serve

in any Place, shalbe answerable and chardged for and w,h the payment of the sayde Syx shillingf and eighte pence for

the sayde Priste or Mister every of the sayde Three yeares, and shall & may make retention of his and theire Wages

quarterlye, of somuche as the sayde Stipendaryes bee chardged w01 by this pnte Graunte every of the sayde Three yeares:

Item, Youre sayde Prelates and Cleargye doe graunte that every Archbushoppe and Bushoppe, and the See being voyde Bithoos, kc. shall

everie Deane and Chapiter of that See voyde, shalbe Collectors of this Subsidye within theire pper Diocf durynge be ColJeetor»-

the sayde Three yeares, other then of the Penc&ners aforesayde; And the sayde Archebushoppe Busshope, or the See

beynge voyde the Deane and Chapiter, shall certifie into yo' Majesties Courte of Excheaquer under theire Seales, the

Names and Surnames of all such Stipendaries Priestes and Ministers w,hin theire Dioces as be chargeable by this Acte,

before the saide thirtenth day of Januarie yearely durynge the sayde Three yeares : And youre sayde Prelatf & Cleargye Payment! shill

doe moste humbly beseach y' Ma" that yt maye enacted by youre Majestie and youre Heigh Courte of Parlyamente,

(for the spedie payment of the sayde Subsidie and to avoyde Delayes thereof,) that when and as oftenn as any Collector tendered by them j or Collectours charged w*1* the Collecc&n of this Subsidie or of any pte thereof, or the Deputie or Deputies of any of them, shall offer y* payment thereof or of any pte thereof, to the use of yo' Ma°* yo' Heyres or Successours, to

564

13° Eliz. c. 26.

A.D. 15^l.

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty, aBto.

Collectors shall have the same Powers as for levying the Tenths, See.

Allowance for Collection, 6d. in the Pound.

Incumbent of any Benefice,onDemand of Subsidy from him, and Certificate by the Bishop into the Exchequer of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice.

Form of such Certificate;

any parson or psonns appoynted to receave the same by yor Highnes or by the sayde Lorde Heigh Treasourer or Subtreasourer, that the sayd psonne or psonns so appoynted, shall w'bin sour dayes next after suche Appoyntmente, receave or cause to be receavid the Mony so offrede to be paied w‘hout any further Delaye, and shall deliver one sufficient Bill testyfyenge the Receipte therof to the sayde Collectour or his Deputie, uppon ev’y such pticuler payment: And that ev’y suche Awdyto' as is or shalbe appoynted to take or receave thaccompt of any suche Collectour or Collectours, shall w*hin syx dayes next after requeste to hime to be made, truclie and indiiferentlie take the saied Accompte and make Allowaunce as by this Graunte ys appoynted ; upponn payne y* every suche psonne and psonns appoynted to receave the some or somes soe offrede, and every such Awdytour, shall lose and forefaite for every Defaulte or Delaye to be made to the saied Collector or Collectors so offeringe to make payment or accompte as is aforesaiede the some of Tenne poundes of laufull Money of England, thone Moytie thereof to bee to yor Majesde, yor Heyres and Successors, and thother Moytie to the saied Collector or Collectors so greyed, the same to bee paied uppon complainte made to the saied Lorde Treasourer Under Treasourer or to the Lorde Chieffe Barron of yor Ma'f Courte of Exchequer, whoe uppon suche complaynte shall presently examyne the matter, and fyndynge defaulte shall commite the Offender to Warde, there to remayne untyll hee shall have payde the sayde severall somes so forfaytede: And for the better levyenge and recoveringe of the saide Subsidie, Yo' sayde Prelatf and Cleargie do lykewise moste humbly beseach yor Highnes, that it maye be enacted by yor Majestie and yo' saide Highe Courte of PHamente in maner and forme followeinge. That is to saye ; That every Collectour of the sayde Subsidie and of ev'y pte and pcell therof, and theire laufull Deputie or Deputies, maye have full power and aucthoritie to use all suche wayes and meanes & processe as be pscribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme, for the collection and levienge of the [the ’] same, and maye make accompte therof before the Lorde Heighe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beynge, or anny other Officer by yo' Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to bee appoynted for the same, and in suche place as yo' Majestie likewyse shall assigne, in suche wyse and after suche forme only as the saied Archbusshopes and Busshoppes be now chardged to make accompte for the sayd ppetuall Disme or Tenth, wherebie ys ment that the lacke and default of payment of and for any pticler promotion or pmocftns, shall onely chardge the Incubent or Incumbentf and suche others as be bounde to paye the same ; And that the Archbusshoppe Bushope Deane and Chaptter gatheringe that wdl they cann receave, and makeynge payement therof, shall for the rest not by theim receavid be dischardged by theire Certificat to be made before the thirtenth of January in ev'y of the sayde Three yeraes, unto yo' Heighnes Courte of Exchequer; And that Syxe pence of ev*y pownd wherew"* the Collector shalbe chardged in his Accompte clearelie to bee paied into the Receipt of yo' Ma’f Exchequer, or into suche other place as shall please yor Highnes to appoynte, shalbe allowed to the sayde Collectour uppon his Accompt for the same, in eve'y of the sayd Three yeares, for the Chardges of collection portage saves conveyenge and payeinge of y' same Subsidie; And moreover that yt maye be enacted likewise that after any Payment of the said Subsidie shalbe once due by vertu of this Graunte in any of thes sayde Three yeares, if any Incumbent of any Benefyce or PromociSn Spirituall, chardged to the payment of the same Subsidie, beynge at any tyme after that the same payment shalbe dewe, lawfully monished eyther psonallye or his Dignitie Stalle Church or Mancon Howse by tharchbushoppe or Bushoppe of the Dyoces or theire Deputie or Deputies, or the Deane and Chapter, the See beynge voyde, or by any theire Deputie or Deputies aucthorized in that behalfe, to appeare by himesealfe or his Deputie at a certayne daye or place of convenyent distaunce to the saied Incumbante then to be signified & prefyxed, and then and there to paye suche parte of the sayd Subsidie for his Benefice or Promoxon Spuall, as then by vertue of this Graunte shalbe dewe, doe not either at the same daye and place soe to hyme signified and prefixed trewly content and paye or cause to be contented and paied the same parte of the saied Subsidie vIth then by hime shalbe dewe to be paied, unto the same Archbishoppe or Bushoppe, or to theire Deputie or Deputyes, or to the Deane and Chapiter of any See beynge voyde, or to theyre Deputie or Deputies, or to one of theim, sheweinge sufficient Deputac&n frome the sayde Archbushoppe Busshoppe or Deane and Chapiter under his or theire Seale in y‘ behalfe, beynge redye at the same daye and place so signified and prefixed to receave the sayd Subsidie then dewe and openlie demaundinge the same, or els paye the same wthin Fourtie Dayes nexte after anye suche prefixed daye at the fartheste, (so that open Demaund be made of the saied Subsidie in and at the saied place and daye before prefixed,) that then ePy Incumbent so makeing default of payment of his parte of the sayd Subsidie in any of the sayde Three Yeares after suche defaulte thereof certified into youre Majesties Excheaquer in Writinge under the Seale and Hand wrytinge of any Archbusshopp or Busshope, or of the Deane and Chapiter the See beynge voyde, chardged w"* the Colleccbn of the same Subsidie, so that the sayde Certificate shalbe made accordinge to the forme hereafter expressed and exibyted into yo' Majesties saied Courte of Exchequer before the xiijUl daye of Januarie in every of the saide Three Years, shall forefayte and loose that only Dignitie Beinfice and Promoc&n Spuall, by what Name soever it be called, for wd' he maketh such defaulte of paimente, and whereof suche Certificate shalbe made, and shall thereof be deprived ipso facto ; And the saied Promotion, frome & after the daye of the deliv’y of the saied Ce'tificat into yo' Highnes Courte of Exchequer, shalbe dearely voyde and destitute of Incumbent in the Lawe to all ententf & purposes, as if suche Incumbent makeynge suche defaulte of payment were deade in deed: And that ev’y Certificate of any suche defaulte of payment shalbe made accordinge to the Teno1 and Effecte ensueinge, mutatis mutandis; Honorabilibus et egregiis Viris Dho Thesaurario et Baronibus de Scaccario Illustrisime Dhe Hre Dhe Elizabeth Dei gra Anglie Frauncie et Hibnie Regine fidei Defensor, &c. vester humilis, E. pmissione [domina " ] L. Epus aucte et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliament! anno Regni dee Dhe Regine xiij° editi et provisi ad colligendu et levand Subsidiu eidem Dhe Regine in eodem Parliameto p Prelatos et Clerum Cantuarien

1 An erroneous Repetition.

« erroneously for ‘ divina ’

13° Eliz. c. 26.

565

A.D. 15?!.

Provincie concessum, viz. pro prima solucone inde solvenda primo die Octobris, ultimo pterito, jaffa Diocesim iiram L. deputatus et aucthorizatus, omnimod rev’entia tantis viris debita cum cu honore: Vestris reverentiis hap serie annundo et certifico me pfatu Episcopu, modo quo pfertur deputatu et aucthorizatu, sufficienter et cu omni diligenria requisisse per N. O. deputatu meu in hac pte, de quocuq, Beneficio et Pmotione Ecclesiastica, in quadam schedula pntibus annexa spificatis, Sumas died Subsidii pro dictf Beneficiis et Promoc&nibus debitas pro prima soluc&ne dicti Subsidii debif solvend die! primo die Octobris, ultimo preterito, prout in eadem schedulam pntibus annexa plenius liquet et apparet. Sed d£as [Similas 1 ] ex causas in eadem schedula allegatis recipere non potui.

In cujus rei testimoniu Sigillu meu pntibus apponi feci. Dal die Anno Dni MiHimo

quigentesimo septuagesimo primo. The Forme of wch Schedule above menc&ned ensueth ; Decanatus de Vicarius ibm monitus suit apud pd die ultimo prajterito, per C. D.

deputatu meu, ad solvend apud Ecctiam de L. in Coni E. , die tunc prox sequen, illam partem

Subsidii p se debitum primo die Octobris ultimo praeterito pro Promucone sua predca. Sed predcus A. B. nec apud Ecciam de L. p'dict eodem die nec alibi per quadraginta dies postea, Sumum per

se debitum ut prefertur non solvit nec satisfecit; neq, d£fum Sumam de proficuis dicte Promoc&nis, nec de bonis et cattallf die A. B. aliquo modo levare sive recipere potui. Provided alwaies, That if any Psonn or Incumbent chargeable by this Acte or Graunt to any payment of this Subsidie, shall proffer or tender payment of any s5me dewe to the Archebushopp or Busshope or to the Deane and Chapiter where the See is voyd, or to any Deputie or Deputies of any Archbushoppe Bushope or Dean and Chapiter aforesaied, at any tyme before the Certificat exibited into the Excheaquer as is aforesaied, That then notwithstandinge the [the1] Certificat made as is aforesayd against any suche Persone, the saied Incumbent or Personn against whome the Certificat was so made, shall and maye aver the offer or tender of his payment as ys aforesaied; And if the same shalbe tried ether by sufficient Witnessbefore the Lorde Treasourer or Barrons of thexchequer or by the Triall of twelve Menn uppon any yssue thereuppon to be joyned betwixte the same Incumbent or any other Personn or Psonns, that he or any for hyme dyd offer or tender the payment of the some dewe as ys aforesaede. That then e9y suche Incumbent shall have and injoye his Promof&n or Promocons still as though no Certificate of Defaulte of such payment had ben made or exhibited; Any thinge in this Graunt or Acte to the contra'y notw^standinge: And farther that it maye be enacted likewise, That every Archbussop and Busshoppe and Deane and Chapiter of every See vacaynte and other Personns chargeable to and with the Colleccon of the saied Subsidie of Syx Shillingf y' pounde w'hin the sayde Pvynce of Canterbury, shall and maye have uppon every payment of the same Subsidie made to the Lorde Heighe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of England for the tyme beinge, or to suche other Personn or Personns, in place and places to whome and where yt shall please yor Heighnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to appoynte for the Receipt thereof in ev*y of the saied three yeres, a sufficient Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge of the sayd Lorde Heighe Treasourer or Under Treasourer or of suche other Person or Persons as either yo' Highnes or yo' saied Courte of Exchequer shall assynge for the Receipt thereof, or as heretofore in the lyke Causes it hath ben accostomed, the same Accquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipe of as muche of the same s5ine of the saied Subsidie as shalbe so receavid; And that ev’y such Accquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge, sealed or subscribed w'" the Name or Names of the sayd Lorde Heighe Treasourer or Under Treasourer for the tyme beynge or of suche Awditor or other Personn or Psons as yt shall please yo' Heighnes or yo' sayd Court of Excheaquer to appoint for the same Receipt, or of such others as heretofore in lyke caces it hath ben used, shall and maye be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and be also as sufficient Dischardge to all and everie of the sayd Collectours to all Ententf Constructions and Purposes as if the same were made by Acte of Pliamente; And that ev*y of the sayd Collecto" shall paye but only Three Shillingf and Fowre Pence for e\?y genial 1 and finall Accquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est for ev*y yeres payment of the sayd Subsidie: And also that ev*y ptictr Accquittaunce, wch uppon payment of any ptte of the sayde Subsidie shalbe made by any Collecto' or Collecto" of the same Subsidie or of any paymet thereof, or by his or theire Deputie or Deputies in that behalf, to any Incumbent of any Benefyce or Promocbn Spuall or to any other Personn or Personns contributary and chargeable to and w,h the same Subsidie or any pt of or payin' thereof, shalbe good and effectuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient Dischardge to ePy suche Incumbent and other Pson, & his Benifice or Pmocftn Spuall, of and for all suche some and somes of Mony as by the same Accquittaunce shalbe acknowledged to be receavid in respecte of the same toefice or Promotion Spuall for any payment or pt of the same Subsidie; And that non Accquittaunce of any other Psone or Psonns made before suche Certificate, shall in any wise dischardge any Pson or Promocbn for any pt of this Subsidie nor of any Payne Pennaltie or Forefayeture spified in this Graunt: And to thentent it maye be knowen to the Courte of Exchequer whoe be the Deputie or Deputies of every such Archbishoppe Busshope or Deane and Chapiter able to make [ Accquentaunce, * ] ev*y Archebusshoppe Busshopp & Deane and Chapiter of any See beynge voyde, shall yearely w,h the Certificate of the Names of Stipendaries Priests, certifie the Name and Names of every the Deputies to be appointed as is aforesayd: Provided alwaies. That no Spuall Promoc&ns or any Lands Pocessions or Reveynewes annexed to the same being chardged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterbury, or any Goods or Cattallf groweinge beinge or renewynge uppon the same or elswhere, apperteigninge to the Owners of the sayde Spuall Promocbn or of any of them, shalbe chardged or made contributorie to any Fyftenth or Tenth or any other Subsidie alredie graunted to yo' Highnesse by the Layetie, or hereafter to be graunted duringe the tearme of the sayd three yeres : Provided also, That all Deanes Archedeacons Dignities Maisters Wardens & Prebendaryes of all Cathedrall & Collegiat Churches and Colleges or of any of them w,hin the saied Provynce, shalbe charged w,h this Subsidie for thoese Pocessyons Reveynewes & Porc&ns onely w*

1 erroneously for • Sums; ’ 1 An erroneous Repetition.

5 erroneously for « Acquittaunce ’

7 E

and Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due, at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Acquittances to Collectors paying Subsidies to Lord Treasurer;

Particular Acquittances by Collectors to Incumbents.

Names of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, Scc. chargeable for their Promotions.

566

13° Eliz. c. 26.

A.D. 1571-

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, &c. appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Certificate of such Revenues,

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy,

Exemption for Chauntries, &c. vested in the Crown under St. i Edw.VI. c.14.

Exemptions; for Colleges in the Universities, &c.

For Benefices not exceeding jC6. 13s. 4<f.

For Vicarages not exceeding agio.

For Pensions not exceeding 40s,

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

to theire severall Promof&ns Dignities and Rowmes are clearely and distyndye lymyted, and to theire owne oly Uses seveared thereof, to pay the tenth parte beynge deducted, Syx Shillings of evy pounde w,hin the sayed three yeres, in man! and forme as is above rehearsed : And that all thoese Rents Possessyons Pfittf Porc&ns Hereditametf and Spuall Pmoc&ns and ev'y of theim heretofore by yor Highnes or any yo' Majesteyes Noble Pgenitours or any other personue or persons whatsoev5 given graunted bequethed demised or impropried unto the sayd Cathedrall or Collegiat Churces or Collegeis or to any of theim, wch any wayes be assigned or used either for or towardes the yearly maynten*nce of poore Menn Scolemaisters Usshers Gramarians Peticannons Vicars Corall Readers of Divinitie Singinge Menn Choresters Vergers or of any other necessarie & dailie Officers or Ministers in suche Cathedralle & Collegiate Churches or Colligies or any of theim, or for or towards the redifienge or repairinge of any of the same Cathedrall or Colegiat Churches or Colligies, comonly named Ad fabricam Ecctie, shall not be chardged w,h any pte of this Subsidie; The certentie of wd‘ Porffcns aswell chargeable to this Subsidie as not chargeable in this behalf, the Archbushopp or Bushopp of the Dioces, [of1 ] the See beinge voyed, the Deane and Chappiter, uppon dewe Search & Examinac&n, shall certifie under his or theire Seale into yor Highnes sayde Courte of Exchequer before the saied xiij"1 daye of January in ev*y of the saied three yeres: Provyded alwayes. That ev'ye Personn ViC or other Spuall Personn payeinge anny Penc&n whereof no allowaunce is made in the Valuac&n of his Promocon or Benefice, shall and maye retayne Twoe Shillingf of e9y pounde of ev*y suche Penc&n e$y yeare duringe the sayd Three yeres to his owne Relief, in considerac&n that he ys chardged to pay this Subsidie of Syx shillingf the pounde owte of ev'y pounde of the whole value of his Proino£5n : Provided also, & yo' sayd Prelatf and Cleargye doe most humbly beseach yo' Highnes, that it maye be enacted by yo' Ma‘f Aucthoritie and yo' Highe Courte of Parliament, That where c?teyn Lands Tenement Rents Spuall Promoc&ns Tithes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruyte6 and other Hereditametf lately belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches and to other places and psons Ecclesyasticall w""in the sayd Province of Canterbury, w* were geven and assigned to be bestowed and spent to and on the fyndinge and mayntayninge of certayne Chauntries AnnivWies Obytes Lyghtes Lampes and other like Chardges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into Thandf and Possessionn of the late Kynge of famous Memory Edward the Syxt, by force of a Statute thereof made in the First yere of his late Raign, as by the sayd Statut more playnely appeareth; That the saide Catheadrall Churches and the Busshoppes Deanes or Presidents and Chapiters of the same, & all other places and personns, or any of them, to whome the saied Landes Rents and all other the pmisses or any of them dyd lately apperteign, shall not duringe the sayd Three yeres be chardged to and w,h any payment of Subsidie of and for that parte or porcon of Landes Tenementf Rents Spuall Pmocons and other Hereditametf or any of them, whereunto the sayd late Kynge by force of the sayd Statute was intituled or possessed of, not of or for any yearely Rents or Paymentf goeynge owt or dewe to be payd unto yo' Ma" owte of the p'misses nor any parte thereof, but onely of and for all and singier Lands Tents Rents Spuall Promocons Tythes Pencons Porc&ns Fruites and other Heredytametf wch doe yeat still remayne not disseveryd frome the Hands and Possessyons of the sayd Cathedrall Churches and other the places & persons Eccliasticall aforesayd; And that Deducc&n and Allowaunce therof be made to them and ePy of theime accordinglye, in and uppon ev’y payment of this saied Subsidie out of the whole Value Taxacon and Estimacon made for the payment of the sayd perpetuall Disme or Tenth remaynynge of Recorde in yo' Hieghnes Courte of Exchequier, for that rate and porc&n of Landes Tenementf Rents Spuall Pmocons and other Hereditamentf, & for thoese yearly paymentf whereunto the sayd late Kying was intituled or possessed of, or wth otherwyse have ben severed frome the possessyons of the sayd Cathedrall Churches and other places and persons aforesaied, by force of the [ Statue * ] p>mised; the same Acte or any other Acte or Acts whatsoev*, or any Thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye notwithstandinge: Provided also, That this Subsidy graunted by the Cleargie, shall not be demaunded or levied owte of any Benifice Howse of Students or Collegeis scituat or set within either of the Univ’sities of Oxforde or Chambridge, or any other Benefice or other Revenewes unto the sayde Howses or Collegis in the sayd Univ’sities, or in either of theim, or to any Howse of Students or Colledge in any of the same UnivWies, united appropriated or appteyninge, or of the Colledgf of Wyndsor, or Eaton nighe Wyndsor, or of the Colledge called S' Maryes Colledge by Wynchester founded by Wiltm Wickh*m somtyme Bushopp of Winchester, or of any Hospitallf or GrannS Scholes, or of any other Churche bnefice or other Reveynewes to the sayed UnivWies Howses Colleges Hospitallf Aimes howses Aimes halls or GramiS Scoles, or to any of theym annexed appropriated or otherwise appteynynge: Provided alwaies, That all Persons Vicars and other Eccliasticall persons whose fenefices are not above Syx pounde thiertyn shillingf and sour pence by yeare, after the Taxac&n aforesaied, shall not be chardged w1" this Subsidie, or any parte thereof: Provided also, That e9y Vicar whose Benefice ys above vj ti. xiij 8. iiij d. and not above Tenne powndes by yere after the Taxac&n aforesayd, shall paye every yere of the saied Three yeres only, six shillingf eight pence for his parte of the sayd Subsidie, as Stipendarie Pristes be chardged to paye by force of this Graunt, and not otherwyse: Provided also, That ev’y Priest and all other Eccliasticall or late Religyous persons, haveinge a Penc&n by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappellf Chauntries Fraternities Guilds and Hospitallf, or any other Incorporac&n w,hin the Provynce of Cantebury or any of them, and beinge of the some of fourtie shillingf or under, and not above, shall not be chardged or chargeable for any suche Penc&n ; Any Thing conteyned in this Graunte to the contrary notwithstandinge : And for the sure and trewe payment of this Subsidie graunted by yo' saied Prelatf and Cleargy of the Provynce of Canterbury, acco'dinge to the Tenor Purport Effect and trewe meaninge of this pnte Graunte; Yo' sayd Prelates and Cleargy most humbly desyre yo’ Highnes that this theire saiede Gufte Graunte and Subsidie, and ev’y Matter Some of Monye Petic&n Clause Pvic&ns and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerninge the sayd Subsidie, maye be ratified established and confirmed by thactoritie of yo' Highnes Courte of Parliament:

1 erroneously for « or’

4 erroneously for ‘ Statute ’

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 26.

567

Wherfore for the trewe and sure payment of the sayd Subsydye, graunted by the sayd Prelates and Cleargye of the sayd Provynce of Canterbury, accordinge to the Teno' Effect and true meaning of the sayd Instrumet, Be yt Enacted by the Quees Ma1' w"1 the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall & the Comons in this pnte Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same, That the sayde Guifte and Graunt, and e$y Matter some of Money Petic&n Pvic&n Clause and Sentence in the sayd Instrument conteyned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoryty of this pnt Parliament.

And Furthermore be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That ev'y psonne that shalbe appointed to the Collection and Gatheringe of the sayd Subsidye, shall have full power and aucthory to leavy take and pceave the same Subsydie by the aucthorytie of the Censures of the Church, That is to saye, by Suspen&n Excomunkacbn of Interdic£6n, and also by Sequestration of the Frutis and Pfitf of their Benifices and -Pmocons Spuall, in whose Hands so ev1 they be, and to make sale of the same Frutes, w^out daunger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse uppon the Possessyons of the Farmers or Occupiers of the Landes and Tents chaergeable by the saied Instrument, for or to the paymen' of any some or somes of Money to be dewe by force therof, or otherwise by the discressyon of the Collecto' therof; And that no Replevey ProhibiC&n or Supersedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for any persone or personns makeinge default of the payment of the sayd Subsidy, contrary to the Teno' of the Graunt thereof, untill such tyme as they have truly satisfied and cotented all suche parte and porcbns as to (heim in that behalf appteyneth: And that ev'y suche Farme' and Farme's theire Executo" and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to and w,h the paymet of the sayd Subsidye or anny pte thereof, shalby thauctoryte aforesayd, be allowed and reteyne in his Hands as much of his yerely Rent and Farme as the some wch he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Leassor shall extende unto; Except the sayd Farme' or Farmers their Exd and Assignes by the Lease and Graunt that they have of any parte of the Lands Tythes [Pfyfff1 ] Tents chargeable to the sayd Subsedye or by force of any Coven’nt or Article therein coteynd, be bounde and chardged to paye the same, and thereof to dischardge the Leaso' and Landlord duryng the Tearme menconed in the sayd Lease.

And likewise be it enacted by thaucthority of this pnte Pliam', That whereas dyvers Curates liable to this Subsidie beinge often tymes removable, do sarve aswell in div*f Impropriations belonginge to the Queenes Ma1", as in other Spuall Promoc&ns belonginge to other persons; That for the spedye RecoPie of the sayd Subsidye, It maye be laufull to the Collecto' or Collecto'’ of the sayd Subsidye theire Deputie or Deputies, to leavy the sayd Subsidy uppon the Farmer and Farmers or Occupiers of all suche Impropriac&ns and Spuall PromoTons by all Censures of the Churche aforesayd and ev*y of them, or by waye of Distresse of Tithes of the said Impropriacon or Impropriac&ns & Spuall Promocons, or otherwyse uppon the Goods and Cattallf of the sayd Farmer or Farme" and Occupiers, in wch cace no Inhibition PhibicSn Replevey or other Pcesse awarded to the contrary shalbe obeyed; Any Lawes Statutf Priviligies or Customes to the contrary hereof heretofore made graunted or used or hereafter to be made graunted or used to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge.

And that it maye be lawfull to the Collecto", and the Officers and Ministers of suche Archbushoppe Bushoppes [Bushoppf 1 ] or Deane and Chapiter, for not payment of the Subsidie after the same shalbe due in any of the saied three yeares, to prayse and value the sayd Distresse or Distresses by two indiferent Neighbours by hym to be chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so praysed to sell, and thereof to deteyne so much Money asshalle amount to the some paieable to the Queenes Ma"', with the reasonable Chardges also of y' sayd Collecto" susteyned in that behalfe; and the reste of the Money made of the sayd Dystresse to be deliv’yd and payd to the Owno' and Occupier thereof.

Provyded alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesayd, That e9y Lay Personn havinge Spuall Promocon chargeable by this Acte, and allso havinge Temporall Possessyons Goods Chattallf and Debts chargeable to the Subsidie graunted in this Pliament by the Temporalty, shalbe chardged taxed and set for his saide Spuall Promocbn w01 the Cleargie, and for his Temporall Possessyons and Chattallf reall wlh the Temporality, and not otherwyse; Any thinge before menc&ned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And bee it further enacted by the aucthorite aforesaied, That all and ev'y Graunte and Grauntf of all and e$y some & somes of Money, w4 hereafter shalbe graunted to the Queenes Matle by the Cleargie of the Pvince of Yourk, shalbe of the same streingth force and effecte in all things as the sayd Graunt made by the said Prince of Caunterbury ; and shalbe taxed certified collected levied gathered and paied accordinge to the tenno' forme and effect of this pnte Acte of Parlyamet, to all Ententes Construccbns & Purposes, in suche mart and forme as tiowgh yt were spially playnely and pticulerly expressed and rehearesed in this Acte, by expresse Woordf Termes and Sentences in theire severall Natures and Kyendf.

Provided alwaies & be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That all Provisoes before rehearesed contayned in the sayd Graunt of the Prellatf and Cleargy of the Province of Cantorbury, and the lik of the same Pvic6ns hereafter to bee conteyned in the Graunt of the Prelates and Cleargie of the Province ofYourck, shalbe good and effectuall and to be observed and kept in ev*y Poynt and Article accordinge to the trewe purporte & meaninge of the same.

Such Subtidy confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

II.

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Centuret, Ac. or by Diatreia on the Farmers, &c.

Ill

ipropriatort, Ac. all pay Subsidy

Im;

shall pay of the Curates of Benefices impropriate.

IV.

Distresses may be appraised and sold.

v.

Lay Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

VI. Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VII. All Provisions in the Grants confirmed.

1 erroneously for ‘ pffyttf ’

• An erroneous Repetition.

568

13° Eliz. c.27.

A.D. 1571.

Motives for this Subsidy, Sec.

Grant of Two whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable in Two Years; deducting j£6,oooo from each Fifteenth ice. for Poor Towns.

II.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of Parliament for the several Shires, See.;

and allotted to several Divisions;

and chargeable for the same severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery;

or in Default such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor

CHAPTER XXVII. (* )

An Acte of a Subsidie and Two Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltye.

CONSIDERINGE youre Majesties bothe carefull Travaile and happie successe, by the greate Provydence of God, in Govemement of this youre Realme, (moste myghtie and redowted Sovereigne) whereby not only Wee have ben so longe tyme kepte in Peax w,h forreyne Realmes, and quyet w^n oure selves, more happely then in anye former tyme we can fynde to have ben; And that the same moste happy Estate hathe ben of late attempted by certen evell disposed unnaturall and unkynde Subjects of youre Majesde, Enemyes to God and to yo' Highnes, to be interrupted; w* evell unnaturall Popishe and and Rebellyouse Attempte, allthough by the greate Grace of God (to whome allwaies bee geven moste humble Thanckf) and youre Highnes greate Provydence and inestymable Charges, was and hathe ben sone broughte to an Ende, yett it hathe ben discomforth to Us yo' lovinge Subjects, greif to yo' Highnes and greate waiste unto yo' Treasaure; Therefore Wee moste humble lovinge and obedyent Subjects the Lordes Spirytuali and Temporall and the Comens in this present Plyament assembled, have thought yt for those and other manye greate and urgent occasions, no lesse then owre Dewtie to offer to yo' Highnes for parte of a Supplye of that yo' Majestie hathe borne and is like to beare, not onlye in repressinge the sayd Rebellf butt also in provydinge againste forreigne Attemptes wcl1 in and after suche Cases are not wont to be unreadye, One lyttell and smale Present, the whiche moste humbly and on o' Knees Wee praye yo’ moste excellent Majestye to accepte in good part, nott weyinge the smalenes therof, butt the good wyll of our Myndf ; that is, Twoo Fyftenes and one Subsidye, and that it wold please yo' Majestie that it be enacted by authorytie of this Pliament, as hereafter followeth: Be it Inactbd, That yo' Highnes, towards the greate Charges of this yo' Realme, and for the better Mayntenaunce of yo' Royall Estate, shall have by Aucthorytie of this present Plyament, Twoo Fyftenes and Tenthes to be payde taken and levyed of the movable Goods Cattallf and other Things usuall to suche Fyftenes and Tenthes, to be contrybutorye and changeable, w^n the Sheyres Cyties Boroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Majestyes Realme, where the lyke Fiftenes and Tenthes have been heretofore paid, in maner and forme afore tyme used; Excepte the some of Twelve thousande powndf therof fully to be deducted ; That is to saye, Syx thowsand powndf of eyther of the sayd whole Fyftenes and Tenthes, in Releiff Comforth and Dischardge of the poore Townes Cytties and Burrowes of this yo' said Realme, wasted desolate or dystroyed or ov* greately empoveryshed, after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme ben had and made to everye Shyre, and to be devyded in suche mano' and fourme as heretofore for one whole Fyftene and Tenth hathe ben had and devyded ; And the sayd Twoe Fyftenes and Tenths (the Exception and DeduccSn aforesayd thereuppon had deducted and allowed) to be payde in Maner and Forme followinge. That is to saye; The firste whole Fyftene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be payde to yo' Highnes in the Receipte of yo' Highness Exchequer before the twentieth daye of October nexte comynge; And the sayd second Fyftene and Tenth (except before excepted) to be payde to youre Highnes in the said Receipte of yor sayd Eschequer, before the twentieth day of October, which shalbe in the yeare of o' Lord God One thousand fyve hundred threscore and twelve.

And Be it further Inacted by the authorytie aforesayd, That the Knightf elected and retorned of and for the Shires w"'in this Realme for this present Plyament, Cytizens of Cyties and Burgeses of Borowes and Townes, wheare Collectours have ben used to be named and appoynted for the Colleccon of anye Fyftene and Tenth before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoynte yearly before the twentieth daye of Auguste in eyther of the sayd twoe yeares, suffyeient and able psons for the Collection of the said Twoe Fyftenes and Tenthes in everie of the sayd Shires Cyties Boroughes and Townes, everie of whiche sayd psons so to be named Collecto" then havinge Landes Tenementf and other Heredytamentf in his or their owne Righte, of an Estate of Inherytaunce of the cleare yearelie value of twende powndf, or ells in Goods worth Twoo hundred powndf att the leaste, after suche rate and valewe as he shalbe rated att in the Subsydie Booke, yf anye suche be in the said Lymytf, and for want of suche so assessed, that those to be appoynted Collecto's, that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsedye Booke in Landes or Goods nearest to the values aforesaid; And allso suche pson and psons so by them to be named and appoynted for the Colleccyon of eyther of the sayd Fyftenes and Tenthes, shalbe by them severally appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cytties Boroughes and Townes; And allso the sayd psons so named and appoynted for the Collecctyon of the said severall Fyftenes and Tenthes, shalbe severally chardged and chardgeable, uppon his or their Accompte or Accomptf in the Exchequer to be made, w" all suche some or somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakf Cittyes Boroughes and Townes wheare he or they shall happen so to be appoynted shall amownte unto, and of no more s5me or somes; And uppon the payment of suche somes of money as he or they shall so be chardged w*, shalbe discharged and have his and theire (Quietus est, The none accomptinge or none payment of anye other his Fellowes, or the • insuffyeieneye of them or anye of them notwithstandinge} And the Names and Surnames of every of the sayd Collecto's for the sayd Fyftenes and Tenthes duringe eyther of the sayd twoe yeares, together w"' the place allotted to theyre Colleccon and Chardge, the sayd Knightf Cytyzens and Burgeses for the Shyers Cyties and Boroughes whereunto they be ellected named and retorned, shall certyfye before the Quene in her Chauncerye before the Twentyeth daye of September in everye of the same twoe yeares, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte: And yf defaulte of annye suche certyfyinge be had or made in forme as is aforesayd, then the Lorde Chauncello’ of Englande or Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, shall imedyatly after, name and appoynte Collecto" for the Colleccyon of eyther of the sayd Fyftenes and Tenthes, in suche like maner and fourme as the said Knightf of the Shire Cytizens

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 27.

569

of Cyties and Burgeses of Boroughes sholde have don, and as aforetyme hathe ben used; The w" sayd Collecto" and everie of the so to be named and appoynted as is aforesayd, shall have Allowaunce uppon theire Accomptf for theire Fees Wadges and Rewardf for the Collecc&n of the said Fyftenes and Tenthes, in as lardge maner and fourmc as anye Collecto' or Collecto" of anye Fyftene and Tenth have had att anye season in tymes paste ; And that the Barones of the Quenes Exchequer for the tyme beynge shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde suche pees for the spedye Payment of the said severall Fyftenes and Tenthes against the Collecto' and Collecto" of the same, as by theyre Discretions shalbe thoughte convenyent.

Provided allwayes and be it Inacted by the authoryde of this present Plyament, That the sayd Lorde Chauncello' or Kep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, Knightf of the Shire, Cydzens of Cytdes and Burgeses of Boroughes Townes and other Placf, havinge authorytie by this present Acte to nominate the sayd Collecto" of or for the Collection of the said Fyftenes and Tenthes, shall uppon their Nomynatim and Ellecc&n had and made, take by authorytie of this present Pliament, suffyeient Recognysauncf or Obligacbn of everye pson so by them to be named, to be bownde to the Quenes Ma"* in the doble s5me of the s5me of their Collection, and to be indorsed uppon suche condition, that yf the same Collecto' and Collecto" doe trulye content and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestie in her Receipte of the Exchequer at or before the sayd twentieth daye of October in everye of the sayd twoo yeares, so muche of the some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collectibn, as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and doe likewise after the said twentieth daie of October in everye of the sayd twoo yeares, content and paye to the Quenes Ma'f use att the same Receipte, the Resydewe of his Collecc&n and Chardge, w'‘in one Moneth nexte after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Resydue, That then the said Recognisaunce or Obligacbn to be voide, or ells to stande in full strengeth and vertue; which Recognisaunce or Obligac&n so taken, the same Knightf of the Shire Cytizens and Burgeses and everie of them takinge anie suche Recognisaunce or Obligation, shall certifie and delyver to the Lorde Treasoro' and Barons of the same Exchequer before the same twentieth daie of October in everie of the said twoo yeares, uppon paine of forfeyture of ten powndf to the Quenes Highnes for every Recognisance or Obligacbn so to be taken &c not certyfyed; And that every suche Collectour uppon Requeste to him made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognysaunce or Obligacbn accordingely, uppon lyke payne of forfayture of ten powndes to the Quene for his refusall therof; And that the Treasaurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme beinge, uppon the payment of the same Colleccftn att the same Dayes, shall cancell and delyver the sayd Recognysaunce or Obligation to the sayd Collecto' or Collecto" w,houte anye other Warraunt, and w^out anye Fee or Reward to be paide to anye pson for the same.

And Furdermore for the greate and weightie Considerations aforesayd, Wee the Lords Spirituall and Temperall, and the Comens in this present Pliament assembled, Doe by oure lyke Assent, and Authorytye of this Plyament, gyve and graunte to yo' Highnes o' said Sovereigne Ladie the Quenes Ma°* youre Heires and Succesaours, One entyre Subsedye to be rated taxed levyed and payde att twoo severall Paymentf, of every pson Spyrituall and Teinporall, of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte, in maner and fourme folowinge. That is to saye ; Aswell of everye pson borne w"*in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and everye Fraternytie Guylde Corporation Mistery Brotherhead and Comynaltie, corporated or not corporated, w,hin this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, beinge worth Three powndes, for everye pownde aswell in Coyne and the value of everie pownde that everye suche Pson Fraternytie Guilde Corporation Mysterie Brotherhead Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or their owne or anye other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stocke of Marchaundizes all maner of Come and Grayne Howshold Stuffe and of all other Goods movable, aswell w*in the Realme as w^oule, and of all suche somes of money as to him or them is or shalbe owinge, whereof he or they truste in his or their conscience surely to be payde, Excepte and oute of the Premisi deducted suche somes of money as he or they owe and in his or theire conscience intendeth trulye to paie, And except allso the Apparell of everie suche psons theire Wyves and Children belonginge to their owne Bodies, Savinge Jewellf Golde Silver Stone and Pearle, shall paye to and for the first payment of the same Subsedie, twentie pence of everye pounde, and to and for the second payment of the same Subsedie, twelve pence of every pownde: And allso everye Alyen and Straunger borne oute of the Queenes obeysaunce, aswell Denyzen as others, inhabytinge w*in this Realme, of everye pownde that he or they have in Coyne, and the valewe of everye pownde in Plate Corne Grayne Marchaundice Howshold Stuffe or other Goods Jewellf Cattallf moovable or unmoovable as is aforesayd, aswell w,hin this Realme as w*oute, and of all sdmes of Money to hym or them owinge, wherof he or they trust in his or theire consciencf to be paide, Except and owte of the same Premiss deducted, everie suche sdme or s5mes of Money whiche he or they doe owe and in his or their conscience or consciencf intende trulye to paye, shall paye of and for everye pownde, to and for the first payment of the sayd Subsedie Thre Shillingf and Fower Pence, and to and for the second payment of the said Subsydie Twoo Shillingf of everie pownde: And allso that every Alyen and Straunger borne owte of the Quenes Domynyons, beinge Denyzen or not Denyzen, not beinge contrybutorie to anye the Rates abovesaid, and beinge of the Age of Fowretene yeares or above, shall pay to and for the first payment of the said Subsedie, iiij d. and to and for the second payment of the sayd Subsedie, Fowre Pence for everye Poile; And the Master or hee or shee w,h whome the same Alien is or shalbe abydinge att the tyme of the taxation or taxations thereof, to be chardged w"* the same for lacke of payment therof.

And be it further Inacted by thauthorytie aforesayd. That everye pson borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce, and everye Corporation Fraternytie Guilde Mysterye Brotherhood and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, for every pownde that everie of the same psons, and every Corporation Fraternytie Guilde Mysterie Brotherhoode and Comynaltie,

Vul.IV.

7 F

Their Allowance

Ptoccm against then.

III. Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the said Fifteenths, See.

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty j via. Of Subjects, above

is. 8 d. per Pound for the first Payment, and is. for the Second.

On Aliens, js. +d. for the first Payment, and as. for the Second.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to Subsidy,

4d. each Payment.

V.

Subsidy on Lands, via. Of Subjects, as. 8d. and is. 4d.

GOOQl6

570

13° Eliz. c. 27.

A.D. 1571.

Of Aliens,

js. 4d. and at. 8d.

VI.

Proportional Rates. Exception!;

Mode of rating Personalty, See.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, &c.

VII. Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[J« f XXXI.]

VIII. Rating of Absentees and others, according to Assessments, &c.

corporate or not corporate, or anye other to his or their use, hathe in Fee Simple Fetaile, for tearme of Lyffe, tearme of Yeares, by Execuc&n Wardshippe, or by Coppie of Courte Rolle, of and in anye Honours Castellf Manno" Lands Tenementf Rents Servies Hereditam'f Aiiuyties Fees Corrodies or other yearely PfTettf of the yearlie valewe of Twentie Shillingf, aswell w"*in auncient Demayne and other Placf pryveleged or els wheare, and so upwardf, shall paye to and for the firsre paiment of the sayd Subsedie, Twoo Shillingf Eight Pence of and for everye pownde, and to and for the second payment of the sayd Subsydie, Syxtien Pence of and for every pownde: And everye Alyen Denyzen or not Denyzen, borne oute of the Quenes Obeysaunce, in suche case to paye att the firste of the sayd paymentf, Fyve Shillingf Fower Pence of every pownde; and att the seconde payment, Twoo Shillingf Eight Pence of and for every pownde.

And that all somes pnted and chardgeable by this Acte, eyther for Goods and Dettf or eyther of them, or for Landes and Tenementf and other the p>miss as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe att eyther of the sayd paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Porc&n accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte; Lands and Tenementf chargeable to the Dysmes of the Clergie, and yearly Wages dewe to Servauntes for their yearly Service, other then the Quenes Servauntf takinge yearlye Wadges of fyve powndes or above, onlye excepted and foreprised: And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debttf and Cattallf psonallf, beinge in the Rule and Custodie of anye pson and psons to the use of anye Corporacbn Fraternytie Guylde Mysterie Brotherhead or any Comynaltie, beinge corporate or not corporate, be and shalbe rated sett & chardged by reason of this Acte, as the value certyfied by the presento" of that Certificath of everie pownde in Goods and Debts as is abovesayd; And of everye pownde in Lands Tenementf Annuyties Fees Corrodies or other yearlye Pffettf as is abovesayd, and the somes that are before rehearsed sett and taxed, to be levyed and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custodie, or otherwise chardged for Lands as is before rehearsed; And the same pson or psons and Bodie Corporate by Authoryde of this Acte, shalbe dischardged againste him or them that shall or oughte to have the same att the tyme of the payment or delyverie therof, or att his otherwise depture from the Custodie or Possessyon of the same: Excepte and allwaies foreprised from the Chardge and Assessement of this Subsedie, all Goods Cattallf Jewellf and Ornamentf of Churches and Chapellf, w^ have ben ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the hono' and service of Allmighde God.

And the firste payment of the sayd Subsedie shalbe by Authorytie aforesaid, taxed assessed and rated accordinge to this Acte, in everye Shier Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cyttie Borowe Towne and everye other Place w"in this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, before the twentieth daye of September nexte comynge; And the second payment of the sayd Subsydie shalbe by the Authorytie aforesayd, assessed and rated before the twentieth daye of September whiche shalbe in the yeare of oure Lorde God One thousand fyve hundred seventye twoe; And the pticuler somes of everye Shire Rydinge Borowghe Towne and other Placf aforesaid, w"* the pticuler Names of suche as are chardgeable for and to the firste payment of the sayd Subsydie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same lymytted or twoo of them att the leaste, w"" the Names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same Fourme shalbe certyfied into the Quenes Exchequer before the twentieth daie of October nexte comynge: And the pticuler somes of everie Shire Rydinge Burrowe Towne and other Placf aforesaid, w* the pticuler Names of suche as are chardgeable for and to the secunde payment of the said Subsydie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymyted or twoo of them att the leaste, w"1 the Names of the High Collectours, and in the same Fourme shalbe certyfied into the Quenes Exchequer before the twentieth day of Octobre, wu shalbe in the yeare of oure Lorde God one thousand fyve hundred seventye twoo; And the sayd somes in Forme aforesayd to be taxed to and for the firste payment of the sayd Subsydie, shalbe payde into the Quenes Receipte of her Exchequer aforesayd, to the use of oure Sovereigne Ladie, before the twentieth daye of November nexte comynge; And the sayd s5mes in maner and fourme aforesayd, to be taxed for the second payment of the sayd Subsedie, shalbe payde into the Receipte aforesayd, to the use aforesayd, before the twentieth daye of November whiche shalbe in the yeare of oure Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred seventy twoo: And the s5mes abovesaid of and for the sayd Subsydie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed and payde to the use of o' said Sovereigne Ladie her Heires and Successours in Fourme aforeseid, aswell w^n the Lyberties Franchises Sanctuaries auncyent Demayne and other whatsoever Place, exempte or not exempte, as wthoute; Exepte suche Shires Placf and Psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this present Acte; Anye Graunte Chartre inscription Use or Libertye by reason of anye Letters Pattentf, or other Prevylege Prescripcbn Allowaunce of the same, or whatsoever any other Matter of Dischardge, heretofore to the contrarie made graunted used or obteigned, notw"‘standig.

And it is further Inacted by the Authorytye of this present Plyament, That everye suche pson, aswell suche as be borne under the Queenes obeysaunce, as every other persone Straunger borne, Denyzen or not Denyzen, inhabydnge w'hin this Realme or w^n Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, w* at the tyme of the sayd Assessingf or Taxations or of eyther of them to be had or made, shalbe owte of this Realme and oute of Wales, and have Goods or Cattallf Lands or Tents Fees or Aiiuyties or other Pffyttf w,hin this Realme or in Wales, shalbe chardged and chardgeable for the same by the Certifycath of the Inhabitauntf of the place wheare suche Goods Cattallf Lands Tenementf or other the Premises then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche parsone or his Factoour Deputie or Attorney shall have his moste resorte unto w"'in this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as yf the same pson weare or had ben at the tyme of the sayd Assessinge w,hin this Realme; And that everie pson abydinge and dwellinge w^in this Realme or w'Njute this Realme, shalbe chardged or chardgeable to the same Subsydie graunted by this Acte, accordinge and after the Rate of suche yeraely substaunce or valewe of Landes and Tenementf Goods Cattellf and other the p>miss, as every pson so to be chardged shalbe set at in the tyme of the sayd Assessinge or Taxacon uppon hym to be made, and in none otherwise.

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c.27.

571

And Further be it Inacted by the Authorytie aforesayd, That for the cessinge and orderinge of the sayd Subsedie to be dewlye had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Keper of I he Greate Seale, the Lorde Tresourour of England, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Ma'f Howshold, the Lord Presydent of the Quenes Honorable Cowncell, and the Lorde Prevy Seale for the tyme beinge, or twoo of them at the leaste, whereof the Lord Chauncello' of Englande or Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and maye name and appoynte of and for everie Shire and Rydinge and other Placf, aswell wuin this Realme as in Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, and allso of and for every Cyttie and Towne beinge a Cowntie of it self, and of and for the Isle of Wighte, suche certen number of psons of every of the same Sheires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wighte, and every other place as they shal thinck convenyent, to be Comissioners of and w'in the same place, whereof they be Inhabytauntf ; And allso of and for the honorable Howshold of the Quenes Ma,k, in what Shier or other Placf the said Houshold shall hapen then to be; and the Lords Chauncello' or Lord Keper of the Greate Seale, and other w"1 hym before named, or twoe of them as is aforesayd, in lyke maner maye name and appoynte of everye other suche Borough and Towne Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales, and other the Queenes Domynyons, as they shall thincke requysyte syx fyve sower three or twoo of the head Offycers, and other honest Inhabytauntf of ePy of the sayd Cytties Borowes and Townes Corporate, accordinge to the nomber and multytude of the people beinge in the same; The whiche psons yf anye suche be thereunto named of the sayd Inhabytauntf of the sayd Boroughs and Townes Corporate, not beinge Cowntyes of themselves, shalbe joyned and putt in as Comyssyoners w* the psons named for suche Shires and Rydingf as the sayd Borowes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Cownties in themselves, be sett and have theire beinge ; W* psons so named for and of the sayd Borowghes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Cownties, by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not take uppon them nor none of them, to putt anye parte of their Comission in execucbn for the p'miss owte of the sayd Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named onlie, nor to execute the same Comissyon w"‘in the Borowe or Towne Corporate wheare they be so dwellinge, butt ntt suche dayes and tymes as the said other Comissyoners for the same Shire and Rydinge shall thereunto lymytt and appoynte, w'in the same Borough or Towne not beinge Cowntie Corporate whereof they be so named, and nott of suche Borough or Towne; and in that maner to be aydinge and assystinge w"* the sayd other Comissioners in and for the good executinge of theffecte of the same Comission, uppon payne of every of the sayd Comissioners, so named for everie suche Cyttie Borowe and Towne Corporate not beinge a Cowntie, to make suche Fyne as the sayd other Comyssioners in the Comission of and for the same Shyre or Rydinge so named, or Three of them att the leaste, shall by theire discrecbns sett and certyfie into the Quenes Exchequer, there to be levyed to the use of the Quenes Majestie, in like maner as yf suche or like s5mes had ben sett and rated uppon everye suche pson for the sayd Subsydie; The whiche Comissyoners so named of and for the sayd Cytties Borowes and Townes not beinge Cownties, and onlye put in the sayd Comission by reason of their dwellinge in the same, shall not have anye pte of the porcbn of the Fees & Rewardf of the Comissyoners and theire Clarkf in this Acte afterwards spified and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncello' of England or the Keper of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme beinge, shall make and dyrect oute of the Courte of Chauncerye under the Greate Seale, several! Comissions, that is to saie, To everie Shier Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cyttie Towne Borowe Isle and Howesholde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discreacbn and anye of the other w* him afore named and appoynted, as is before rehearsed, shalbe thoughte suffyeient, for the cessinge and levyinge of the sayd Subsydie in all Shires and Placf accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte; Wch Comissyon for the firste payment of the sayd Subsydie, shalbe dyrected and delyvered to the sayd Comissyoners or to one of them before the xxvj" day of July nexte comynge; And the Comissyon for the second payment of the saide Subsydye, shalbe dyrected and delyvered to the seid Comyssioners or to one of them before the six and twentieth daye of Julye, whiche shalbe in the yeare of o' Lord God a thousand fyve hundred and seventye twoo; And to every of the sayd Comyssions Ten Scedules conteyninge in them the teno' of this Acte shalbe affyled; By wrt Comyssyon the Comyssyoners in everie suche Comission named accordinge to this Acte, and asmanye of them as shalbe appoynted by the sayd Comyssion, shall have full power and aucthorytie to put the effecte of the same Comyssion in execucon: And that by authorytie of this Acte, after suche Comyssions to them directed, they maye by theire assentf and agreementf sever themselves for the execucbn of their Comission, in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Prishes and other Placf w'in the Lymytf of theire sayd Comission, in suche so'me as to them shall seme expedyent to be ordered, and betwene them to be comyned and agreed, accordinge to the teno’ and effecte of the Comission to them therein dyrected, upon which severaunce everie pson of this present Plyament that shalbe Comyssyoner shalbe assigned into the Hundred where he dwelleth : Provided alwaies, that no psone be or shalbe compelled to be anye Comissyoner to and for the execucbn of this present Acte, but onlye in the Shire wheare he dwelleth and inhabyteth; And that anye pson being assigned to the cotrary therof in anye wise, shall not be compelled to putt in execucbn the effecte of this Acte or anye parte therof.

And it is allso Inacted by the aucthorytie of this present Plyament, That the Comissyoners and everie of them whiche shalbe named lymyted and apoynted accordinge to this Acte to be Comissyoners in everie suche Shire Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cytie Towne Boroughe Isle and the said Howshold or anye other place, and none other, shall trulye effectuallye and diligentlye for theire parte execute the effecte of this present Acte accordinge to the teno’ therof in everie behalf, and none otherwise by anye other meanes, w'houte omissyon favour dread malice or anye other thinge to be attempted and done by them or anye of them to the contrarie therof: And the sayd Comissioners and asmanye of them as shalbe appoynted by the sayd Comission, and none other, for the execucbn of the said Comissyon and Acte, shall for the taxacbn of the said fyrste payment of the said Subsydie, before the thirde daye of September

IX.

Appointment of Commiuioaen, for making Assessment* in Shim, Cities, ire.

Limited Power* of Commissioners in Corporations

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

Commissioner* may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

X.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, ire.;

572 13° Eliz. c. 27. A.D. 1571.

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

XI.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to the said Subsidies; on Penalty of

Charges of the Commissioners to such Inquirers

Farther Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers

nexte comynge, and for the taxae&n of the sayd second payment of the sayd Subsydie, shall before the third daye of September w1* shalbe in the yeare of oure Lorde God a thousand fyve hundred seventye twoe, by vertue of the Comissyon delyvered unto them in forme aforesaid, dyrect their severall or joynte p*cept or p*ceptf unto eighte seven six fyve sower three or twoo, as for the nomber of the Inhabytauntf shalbe requysyte, of the moste substanciall discreete and honest psons Inhabytauntf, to be named by the sayd Comissyoners or by asmanye of them as shalbe appoynted by the sayd Comission, of and in Hundrethes Laths Rapes Wapentakes Wardes Pishes Townes and other Placf, aswell w,hin Liberties Franchises Auncyent Demeanes Placf exempted and Sanctuaries as w*"oute, w1^ the Lymytf of the Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cyties Townes Borowes or Isle aforesayd, and other Placf w^in the Lymytf of theire Comissyon, and to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other lyke Ofiycers and Mynisters of everie of the sayd Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Placf beforesayd, as to the sayd Comyssyoners and everie number of them or unto three or twoo of them by theire discrec&ns in

dyvysion shall seme expedyent, as by the maner and use of those pties shalbe requysyte; Straightly by the same

precepte chardginge and comaundinge the same Inhabytauntf Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whome suche precepte shalbe so dyrected, to appeare in their proper psons before the same Comyssyoners or suche nomber of

them as they shall devide themselves, accordinge to the teno' of the said Comissyon, att certen dayes & placf by

the sayd Comissyoners or anye number of them as is aforesayd, w^in Cyties Borowes or Townes Corporate or w^oute in anye other Placf as is aforesaid, by theyre discrec&ns shalbe lymyted thereunto, to doe and accomplishe all that to them on the ptie of the Quenes Ma’1' shalbe enjoyned towchinge this Acte; Comaundinge further by the sayd precepte, that he to whose Hands suche preceptf shall come, shall shewe or delyver the same to the other Inhabytauntf or Ofiycers named in the same precepte; And that none of them fayle to accomplishe the same, uppon payne of sortie shillingf to be forfeyted to the Quenes Majestic.

And it is further ordeyned by thauthorytie of this present Plyament, That at the sayd daye and place pffixed and lymyted in the said p>cept, everie of the Comissyoners then beinge in the Shire, and havinge no suyficient excuse for his absence, att the daye and place p*fyxed for that parte whereunto he was lymyted, shall appeare in his prop pson and there the same Comissyoners beynge present, or asmanye of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comissyon, shall calle or cause to be called before them the sayd Inhabytauntf and Offycers to whome they have dyrected theire sayd Preceptf, and wct had in comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the said Precepte: And yf anie pson so warned make defaulte, unles he be then letted by sickenes or lawful excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by Othes of twoo credyble psons, or yf anye appearinge, refuse to serve in forme followinge, then everye suche pson so makinge defaulte or refusinge to serve, shall forfeyte to the Quenes Ma"* sortie shillingf; and so att everye tyme appoynted by the sayd Comissyoners for the same Taxac&n, unto suche tyme the number of everie suche pson have appeared and certyfied in forme under written, everie of them so makinge default or refusinge so to serve, shall forfeyte to the Quenes Majestie sortie shillinges: And uppon the same Apparaunce had, they shalbe chardged before the Comissyoners by all convenyent wayes and meanes, other then by Corporall Othe, to inquyer of the beste and moste value of the Substaunce of everie pson dwellinge and abydinge w,hin the Lymytf of the Placf that they shalbe chardged with, and of other wch shall have his or theire moste resorte unto anye of the sayd Placf, and changeable w* anye some of Money by this Acte of this sayd Subsydie, and of all other Things requysyte towchinge the sayd Acte, and accordinge to the intent of the same; and thereuppon as neare as maye be, or shall come to their knowlege, w,houte respecte of anye former Taxac&n heretofore had, trulye to present and certyfie before the said Comissyoners the names and srnames and the beste and uttermoste substaunce and valewes of everie of them, aswell of Lands Tenementf &c other Heredytamentf Possessyons and Pffyttf as of Goods Cartallf Debts and other things chardgeable by the same Acte, w,houte anye Concealment Love Favo' Affeccon Dreade or Malice, uppon payne of forfeyture of Fyve powndes or more, to be taxed extracted and levyed in forme as hereafter in this present Acte shalbe lymyted or appoynted : And thereuppon the said C5missyoners shall openly there reade or cause to be read unto them, the sayd Rates in this Acte menc&ned, and openly declare the effecte of theire chardge unto them, in what maner and fourme they oughte and sholde make theire Certifycathe, accordinge to the Rates and Somes therof abovesaid, and of all maner of psons, aswell of Alyens and Straungers Denyzens or not Denyzens, inhabytinge w,hin this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chardgeable to this Acte ; And of the Possessions Goods and Cattallf of Fraternyties Guyldf Corporations Brotherheadf Mysteries and Comynalties and other as is abovesaid, and of psons beinge in the pties of beyonde the Seas, havinge Goods and Cattallf Lands or Tenementf wu‘in this Realme as is aforesayd, and of all Goods beinge in the Custodie of anye p6on or psons, to the use of anye other as is aforesayd ; by the whiche Informac&n and shewinge, the sayd pson shall have suche playne knowledge of the trewe intent of this present Acte, and of the maner of theire Cerdfycath, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignoraunce: And after suche Chardge, and the Statute of the sayd Subsydie, and the maner of the same Certifycath to be made in Wrightinge, conteyninge the Names and Surnames of every pson, and whether he be borne w""oute the Quenes Obeysaunce or wthin, and the best value of everye pson in every Degree, as well of yearly value of Landes and Tenementf and of suche like Possessions and Pffyttf, as the value of Goods and Cattallf Dettf and every thinge to their Certeftcath requisyte and necessarye to them declared, the sayd Comissyoners there beynge, shall by theire discresc&ns appoynte and limyte unto the sayd psons another daye and place to appeare before the sayd Comissioners and chardging the sayd psons, that they in the meane tyme shall make dyligent Inquyry by all waies and meanes of the premiss, and then and there everie of them, uppon paine of forfeyture of Fortie Shillingf to the Quenes Majestie, to appere att the said newe pffixed daye and place, there to certyfie unto the said Comissyoners in Writing accordinge to their said

II 7 1

13° Eliz. c. 27.

573

A.D. 15?l.

i

i

k

k

c

F

F

n

b

M

k

M

i*

a

I

r

t*

i*

Chardge, and accordinge to the true intent of the said Graunte of Subsydie, and as to them in maner aforesaid hathe ben declared and shewed by the Comyssioners: At wch daie and place so to them p>fixed, yf anye of the sayd psons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certifycath, that then every of them so offendinge, to forfeyt to the Quenes Ma'* Forty Shillingf; Except there be a reasonable excuse of his defaulte, by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Othes of twoe credyble psons there witnessed: And of suche as appeare ready to make Certyfycath as is aforesayd, the sayd Comissioners there beinge, shall take and receave the same Certyfycath and everie parte therof, and the names values and substaunce of everie pson so certifyed ; and yf the same Comissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examyne the said Presenters therof, and thereuppon the same Comissioners at the sayd dayes and place by theire Agrement amongest themselves, shall from tyme to tyme openlye there pfixe a daye att a certen place or placf w"4n the lymytf of theire Chmyssion by theire discreaciSn, for theire further pcedinge to the sayd assessinge of the same Subsydie : And theruppon at the same daye of the sayd Certifycathe as is aforesaid taken, the same Cdmissioners shall make theire precept or preceptf to the Constables Subconstables Baylyfff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Towns or other Placf aforesaid, as the same Cdmissioners shalbe of, comprysinge and conteyninge in the same pcepte the names and surnames of all psons presented before them in the sayd Certifycath, of whome yf the sayd ComissioSs, or asmanye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comissyon, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattallf or somes of Money owinge to them, or other substaunce beforesayd, then uppon suche pson or psons shalbe certyfyed, the same Comissyoners shall make theire precepte or preceptf, dyrected to the Constable Baylyfff or other Ofiycers, comaundinge the same Constable Baylifff or other Offycers to whome suche preceptf shalbe dyrected, to warne suche psons whose names shalbe comprised in the sayd precept, att theire Mansyons or to their psons, that the same psons named in suche preceptf and everie of them, shall psonallie appeare before the sayd Comissyoners att the same newe pfixed daye and place, there to be examyned by all wayes and meanes, (other then by corporall Othe,) by the sayd Cdmissioners, of their greatest substaunce and best valewe, and of all and everie somes of Money owinge to them, and others whatsoever matter concerninge the premiss or anye of them accordinge to this Acte: Att whiche daye and place so Pfixed, the said Cdmissioners then and there beinge, or asmanye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comission, shall cause to be called the said psons whose names shalbe comprised in the sayd precept as is beforesaid, for theire examynac&n; And yf anye of those psons w"1 shalbe be warned as is beforesayd to be examyned, wch att anye tyme after the warninge and before the prefixed daye shalbe w hin suche place wheare he maye have knowledge of his sayd apparaunce to be made, make default and appeare not, unlesse a resonable cause or ells a reasonable excuse by the Othes of twoo credyble psons before the said Cdmissioners be truly alleadged for his dischardge, that then every of them so tnakinge defaulte, to be taxed and chardged to the Quenes Majestie wu and att the doble somes of the Rate that he sholde or ought to have ben sett att, for and after

the best valewe of his Landes or Substaunce uppon hym certyfyed yf he had appeared, by the discrecdn of the

Comissionis there beinge ; W* Comissyoners shall travell wth every of the other psons soe then and there appearinge, whose names shalbe expressed in the sayd precept or pcepif, and in whome anye vehement suspect was or shalbe had in fourme abovesaid, by all suche waies and meanes as they can, other then by corporall Othe, for the better knowlege of their beste valewe, eyther in Heredytamentf or Possessions, eyther ells in Goods or Debts: And that everie Spirightuall pson att eyther of the sayd taxaebns of the said Subsydie, shalbe rated and sett accordinge to the Rate abovesayd, of and for every pownde that the same Spirytuall pson or anye other to his use hathe by Discent

Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Taile tearme of Lyfe tearme of Yeares by Execucbn by Warde or by Coppie

of Courteroll in anye Mano" Lands Tenementf Rents Servies Offycf Fees Corrodies Annuyties or Heredytamentf, after the true juste and yearly value therof, and accordinge as other the Quenes Ma'f Subjects borne w^in this Realme be chardged in fourme above remebred, so that it extende to the yearly value of twende shillingf or above.

Penalty of 40a. on Non-appearance or Refuaal to certify.

Receiving Certificate* and making Allotment*;

Summoning Partiet underrated!

Partiet not appearing shall be rated Double 1

Partiet appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath

Rating Spiritual Pertont for their Lay Pottettiont.

And it is further Inacted, That yf the sayd Taxo" and Assesso" shall not dulye behave themselves in their Inquyrye Mr

Taxation Assessement or Certifycath, but shall affecctyonatly corruptly or partially demeane themselves in that behalf, *J,e Ataettort for in suche wise that the Comissyoners shall by theire Considerac&n deme them Offendo" worthye of ponishement for excLding £10. not doinge their Dewues therein, that then sower or more of the said Comissyoners in that Cownue for this Subsydie, shall have power and authorytie by their discrecdns, eyther to chardge the sayd Assesso" uppon theire corporall Othes for the better service aforesayd in that behalf, or ells by theire discrecdns to tax and sett uppon everie of the sayd Assesso" for Mysdemeano" in that behalf, suche a Fyne or Payne as they shall thincke good, so that it exceade not the some of ten powndf; And the same Fyne or Payne att theire discrecdns to extracte into the Courte of Exchequer; every w1* Fyne so taxed and sett by sower of the said Comissionts or more, and beinge extracted w* the Scedule or Bookes of that Lymyte shalbe levyed and answeared to the Quenes use, in like maner and fourme to all intentf and purposes as anye other some that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Estatute and Acte of Subsydie, and not in anye other wise or maner: And yf anye pson certyfied or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be Commiirionert Comissioner or other, to anye maner of valewe, dothe fynde hymself greaved w4 the same presentment sessinge or Oit^°of P»nL-i°arc taxing, and thereuppon complayne to the Comissioners before whome he shalbe rated sessed or taxed or before twoo !"*T dcc^* or of them, before the same Taxacdn be certyfied into the Courte of Exchequer, That then the said Chmyssioners, or twoo of them, shall by all waies or meanes, examyne pticulerly and distinctly the psone so complayninge, uppon his Othe, and other his neighbo'* by theire discretions, of everie his lands and Tenementf above specyfied, and of everie his Goods Cattellf and Debts above mentioned; And after dewe examinacon and pfect knowledg therof had and pceaved by the sayd Comisionls, or twoo of them, wcb shall have power by Authorytie aforesayd, the sayd Comyssioners or twoo of them to whome anye suche Complaynte shalbe made, by their discrecOn, uppon the Othe of

7 G

574

13° Eliz. c.27.

A.D. 1571

the sayd p6on so complayninge, maye abate defaulke increase or inlardge the same Assessment accordinge as it shall appeare unto them juste uppon the same examynac&n; And the same some so abated defaulked increased or Penilty on Evasion inlardged, shalbe by them extracted in fourme as hereafter insueth: And yf it be pved by wittoesse or by the pries Overcharge, owen confession or other lawfull waie or meanes, w^in a yeare after anye suche Othe made, that the same pson so

the full Sum rated, taxed and sworne was of anye better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things above specified att the tyme of his sayd Othe, then the same psone so sworne dyd declare uppon his said Othe, that then everie suche pson so offendinge shall loose and forfayte to the Quenes Majestie so muche in lawfull Money of England as he the same pson so sworne was sett att or taxed to paye.

XIII. Partiea shall be rated where dwelling, &c.

Commissioners, within Shires; Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, 8tc.

Relief against Double Charges.

XIV. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, Double Rate.

And allso it is Inacted by the same Authoryrie, That everye pson to be rated att the sayd Taxaf&n as is aforesaid, shalbe rated taxed and sett, and the some on him sett to be levyed, at suche Place wheare he and his Famelye att the tyme of the same presentment to be made, shall kepe his Howse or Dwellinge, or wheare he then shalbe most conversaunte abydinge or resyaunt or shall have his moste resorte att the tyme of the sayd Certyfycath to be made, and no wheare ells; And that no Comissyoner for this Subsydie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shier and other Place wheare he shalbe Comyssioner; And that yf anye pson chardgeable to this Acte att the tyme of the same Assessinge, happen to be owte of this Realme and owte of Walles or farr from the Place wheare he shalbe knowne, then he to be sett wheare he was laste abydinge in this Realme or w,hin Wales, and after the substaunce value and other Pffettf of everie pson, to be knowne by the Examynaf&n Certyfycat or other maner of wise as is aforesayd: And that the sayd Comissioners, or asmanye of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Corny ssion or Comyssyons, shall after the Rate and Rates aforesayd, cause everie pson to be sett rated and taxed accordinge to the Rate of the substaunce and value of his Landes Goods Cattallf and other proffyttf chardgeable by this Acte, wheareby the greatest and moste best some or somes accordinge to his moste substaunce by reason of this Acte mighte or may be sett or taxed: And that everie pson taxed in anye Cownrie or Place other then wheare he is moste resyaunt or hathe his Famelye, or in anye Cownrie or Place other then wheare he is a Comissyoner for this Subsydie yf he be a Comissioner, uppon Certyfycat made to the sayd Courte of Exchequer, under the Handes and Seales of twoo Comissioners for the Subsydie in the same Cownrie or Place wheare suche pson is moste resyant or hathe his Familye, or wheare he is a Comissioner for the Taxac&n and Payment of this Subsydie, testyfyinge suche his moste Resyauncy havinge of Familye or beinge a Comissioner, shalbe a sufiycient Dischardge for the Taxac&n of that pson in all other Placf, & of and for all other S5mes of Money uppon suche pson so sett and taxed, save only the Taxaf&n made in that Cownrie or Place from wch suche Certyfycath shalbe made as is aforesaid and for the seme of Money uppon suche pson there assessed or taxed; And that suche Certyfycat w^oute anye Plea or other Circustaunce shalbe a suffyeient Warraunte, aswell to the Barones and Audytour and Audytours of the said Courte of Exchequer as to all and every other Offycers to whome the Allowaunce thereof shall appteine; payinge for suche Dischardge and Allowaunce only syx pence and no more.

Provided allwaies, That everie suche pson whiche shalbe rated or taxed accordinge to the intent and true meaninge of this Acte, for payment of and to this Subsydie, for and after the yearelye value of his Landes Tenement f and other Reall Possessions or Pffettf att anye of the seyd taxac&ns, shall not after be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattallf or other his moveable Substaunce at the same taxac&n; And that he that shalbe sett charged or taxed for the same Subsydie for his Goods Cattallf and other Movables at anye of the said taxac&ns, accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, shall not after be chardged taxed or chardgeable for his Landes or other Reall Possessions and Pffettf abovesayd att the same Taxac&ns nor anye of them; Nor that anye pson by any Taxation be doble chardged for the said Subsydie nor sett nor taxed att severall Places by reason of this Acte; But yf anye p6on happen to be doble sett taxed or chardged either in one place or att severall placf, then he to be dischardged of the one taxac&n and chardged w*1 the other, accordinge to the meaninge and interne of this Acte; Anye thinge conteyned in this present Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And that it be ordeyned and Inacted by the sayd Authoryrie of this present Plyament, That no pson havinge twoo Mansyons or twoo Places to resorte unto, or callinge hymself howsholde Servaunte or waytinge Servaunte to the Quenes Majestye or other Lorde or Ladie Master or Masters, be excused uppon his sayenge from the taxes of the said Subsydie in neyther of the Placf wheare he maye be sett or taxed, unles he bringe a Certyfycath in Wrytinge from the Comissyoners wheare that he is so sett or taxed indede att one place; And yf anye pson that oughte to be sett and taxed to this present Subsydie by reason of his removinge or resortinge to twoo Placf, or by reason of his sayinge that he elswheare was taxed, or by reason of anye pryvyledge by his dwellinge or abydinge in anye Place not beinge foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his covyne or crafte, or by anye words or sayings, Or yf anye that is a Comissioner or Assesso1 of others, happen to escape from the sayd Taxac&ns of this Subsydie or anye of them, and be nott sett and taxed accordinge to the true intent of this Acte, and that pved by Presentment Examynac&n Infonnac&n or otherwise before the sayd Comissioners, or twooe of them, or before the Barons of the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer, or twoo Justicf of the Peace of the Cownrie wheare suche pson dwelleth, Then everie suche pson that by suche meanes or otherwise willingely by covyne or w'Vute juste cause shall happen to escape from the sayd Taxac&ns or Paymentf aforesaid, or anye of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe chardged uppon the knowledge and proof therof, w,h and att the double value of so muche as he sholde mighte or ought to have ben sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte: And the same dowble value to be levyed gathered and payd of his Goods and Cattallf Landes and Tenementf towardes the sayd Subsydie, and further to be ponished accordinge to the discrec&ns of the Barones Justicf and Comissioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceipte in that behalf.

A.D. 1571.

13° Eliz. c. 27.

575

And be it further Inacted by the Authorytie aforesayd, That the said ComissioQs in everye Comission, shall accordinge to theire Devisions and after they be devided, have full Power and Aucthorytie by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse everie other Comyssyoner joyned w* them in everie suche Comissyon and Devysion, and shall allso assesse everye Assesso' w^in theire Devysion for his and theire Goods Landes and other the Premiss as is abovesayd; By the whiche sayd Comission the said Comissioners shall indifferently sett taxe and assesse themselves and the sayd Assessours; And that aswell the somes uppon everie of the said Comissioners and Assessoures so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and presented by the presenters as is abovesaid, shalbe written certyfied sett and estreated, and the Estreatf therof to be made w"1 other the Inhabytauntf of that pties w,hin the Lymytf of the same Comission & Devision so to be gathered and levyed, in lyke maner as it oughte or sholde have ben yf the said Comissioners had not ben in the sayd Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and everie Estate above, shalbe chardged w*1 their freholde and value as is abovesaid, by the Chauncellor or Lorde Keper of the Create Seale of England, the Highe Treasons' of Englande for the tyme beinge, or one of them, together with other suche psons as by the Quenes Ma'f authorytie or comaundement shalbe named and appoynted; and theye to be chardged for the sayd severall paymentf of the sayd Subsydie after the forme of the said Graunte accordinge to the Taxac&n aforesaid; and the somes of and uppon them to be sett and taxed w,h the names of the Collecto" appoynted for the getheringe and payinge of the same, to be estreated delyvered and certyfied, att dayes and places above specyfied, by the Lorde Chauncello' or Keper of the Greate Seale and Lorde Treasoro', or one of them, together with other suche psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaid.

And be it further Inacted by the authorytie aforesaid, That after the Taxes & Assesses of the sayd s5mes, uppon and by the sayd Assessingf and Certifficat as is aforesaid made by the said Comissioners or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted and have authorytie by the Quenes Ma'f Cdmission, shall w"" all speade and w,houte delaye by the wrytinge estreated of the sayd Taxe therof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the said Comissioners, or asmanye of them as shalbe appoynted att the leaste, shalbe delyvered unto sufficyent and substaunciall Inhabitauntf Costables Subconstables Baylifff and other Offycers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Placf aforesaid w,hin their Lymyttf, or to other suffycient psones Inhabytauntf of the same only by the discrec&n of the said Cdmissioners, and as the place and parties shall requyre, aswell the pticuler Names 8c Surnames, as the remembraunce of all s5mes of Money taxed and sett of and uppon everie pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Housholders and all other Inhabytauntf and Dwellers w'hin the said Parrishes Townes and Places contrybutorie to this Acte of Subsydie; By authorytie of w1* wryting or estrete so delyvered, the said Offycers, and other Psons so named and deputed, severally shall have full power and authorytie by vertue of this Acte, imedyatly after the delyverie of the said wrytinge or estreate, to demaunde levie and gether of everie pson therein specyfied, the some and somes in the same wrytinge or estreate comprysed; And for nopayment thereof to distrayne the same pson or psons so beinge behinde by theire Goodes and Cattallf, and the Distresse so taken to kepe by the space of eighte dayes at the Costs and Chardges of the Ow8 therof; And yf the sayd Own! doe not paye suche s5me of money as shalbe taxed by authorytie of this Acte, w^in the same eighte dayes, then the same Distresse to be praysed by sour three or twoo of the Inhabytauntf wheare suche Distresse is taken, and allso then to be solde by the sayd Constable or other Collecto" for the payment of the sayd money, And the Overplus comynge of the sale and kepinge therof (yf anye be) to be ymedyatly restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; Whiche sayd Offycers and other psons so deputed to aske take gether and levye the sayd somes, shall answeare and be chardged for the portion onely to them assigned and lymyted, to be gethered levyed and comprysed in the sayd wrytinge or estreate so to them as is aforesaid delyvered, to the use of oure Sovereigne Ladie the Quenes Majestie and her Heires and Successo"; And the said s5me in that wrytinge or estreate comprysed, to paye unto the highe Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Colleccon of the same, in man' and forme under written thereunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitauntf and Offycers so gatheringe the same pticuler s5mes, for their Collecc&n therof, shall reteyne for everye twentie shillingf so by them receaved and payed, two pence, and that to be allowed att the payment of theire Collecc&n by them to be made to the highe Collectoure or Collecto".

And be it further Inacted by the sayd authorytie, That the said Cdmissioners, or the more parte of them as shall take uppon them the execuc&n and busynes of the sayd Comission, shall for everie of the same paymentf of the sayd Subsydie, name suche sufiyciente and liable psons whiche then shall have and possede Landes and other Hereditamf in theire owne Righte, of the yearely valewe of fourtie pounds, or Goods to the value of sower hundred powndf at the leaste, as he shalbe rated in the Subsydie Booke, yf anye suche be in the sayd Lymytf; and for wante of suche so assessed, that those to be appoynted Collecto" that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsydie Booke in Landes or Goods nearest to the values aforesayd, as by their discretions shalbe thoughte good, in Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cyties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, aswell w^in places priviledged as w^out, not beinge foreprised w,hin this Acte, to be highe Collectours and to have the Collecc&n and Receipte of the seid somes set and levyable w"in the precincte lymyt and bowndf wheare they shalbe so lymyted and appoynted to be Highe Collectors; And to everie of the sayd Collectors so severally named, the sayd Comissioners or twoo of them att the leaste, w* all spede and w^oute delaye after the said whole sdme of anye payment of the said Subsydie be sett by all the lymytf of the same theire CSmission, or in suche lymytf as the highe Collecto" shalbe so severally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signes Manuell, delyver one estreate indented in Pchment, comprysinge in it the names of all suche psons as weare assigned to levie the sayd ptyculer somes, and the somes of everie Hundred Wapentake

XVI. Commissioners shall ukii themselves and the Assessors.

XVII. Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, Jcc.

XVIII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress Ilc. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

XIX. Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

576

13° Eliz. c. 27.

XX.

High Collector* shall enter into Recognizance! to pay Sum! received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commiiaioneri; Penalty Jtio.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money leried, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XXI. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

XXII. Assessors and Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XXIII.

A.D. 1571.

Towne or other Place aforesaid, w"* the Names and Surnames of the psons so chardgeable, accordinge to the Estreate so first thereof made and delyvered as is aforesaid: And the Collectours so to be assigned, shalbe chardged to aunsweare the whole some comprised in the said Estreate lymyted to his collecc&n as is aforesaid.

Provided allwaies and be it Inacted by the authorytie aforesaid, That the sayd Comissioners havinge authorytie by this Acte to name and nomynate the sayd highe Collectors of the said Subsydie, shall imedyatly uppon the nomynac&n and ellectyon, take by authorytie of this present Plyament suffyeient Recognysauncf or Obligaf&ns, w'^oute anye Fee or Rewarde to be paide therefore, of everye p6on so by them to be named to be highe Collecto', to be bownden to the Quenes Majestie in the doble sSrae of the some of his Collecc&n, and to be indorsed and made uppon suche Condic&n, that is to saye; For the collecc&n of the said firste payment of the said Subsedie, that yf the said Collecto' his Heires or Executours doe truly contente and paye to the use of the Queenes Majestie her Heires or Successours in the Receipte of the said Exchequer, att or before the sayd twentieth daie of November nexte ensuinge, so muche of the said some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collecc&n, as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Resydue of his Collecd&n and Chardge w"*in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Resydue, That then the said Recognysauncf or Obligac&ns to be voide, or ells to stande in full strengeth and vertue; And for the Collection of the second payment of the said Subsydie, uppon condic&n that yf the said Collecto' his Heires or Executours doe truely contente and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestie her Heires or Successours in her Receipte of the Exchequer att or before the twentieth daye of November which shalbe in the yeare of oure Lorde God one thousand fyve hundred seventie twoo, so muche of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Resydue of his Collecc&n and Chardge w""in one Moneth nexte after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Resydue, That then the said Recognysaunce or Oblygac&n to bee voide or ells to stande in full strengeth and vertue; Which said severall Recognysauncf or Obligaf&ns so taken, the said CSmissioners shall severallie certyfie and delyver into the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer w,h the severall Certificathes of the saide Taxac&ns and Rates of the paymentf of the said Subsydie, att and by the tyme to them prescribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certificat of the said severall Taxac&ns of the said Subsydie, uppon payne of forfeiture of ten powndf to the Queenes Ma"* for everie Recognisaunce or Obligac&n not certyfied: And that everie suche Collectour so ellected named and chosen, uppon Requeste to hym made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognysaunce or Obligac&n uppon like payne & forfeiture of ten powndf to the Quenes Majestie for the Refusall therof; And everie Collecto' so deputed havinge the said Estreate in Pchement as is aforesaid, shall have authorytie by this Acte to appoynte Dayes and Placf w^in the Circuite of his Collection for the payment of the said Subsydye to hym to be made, and therof to gyve warninge by Proclamac&n or otherwise to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhitantf havinge the Chardge of the pdculer Collecc&n w *in the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by hym or them lymyted, to make payment for the said pdculer Collecc&n of everie some as to them shall apperreine; And yf att the same Daye and Place soe lymited and prefixed by the said Highe Collecto', the said Constable Officers and other Psons or Inhabytauntf as is aforesaid for the said pdculer Collecc&n assigned and appoynted w‘"in such Hundredd Cyttie Towne or other Place doe not paye unto the said Highe Collectours the s5me w'^in their severall Hundredes Townes Parishes and other Placf due and comprised in the said Estreate therof to them delyvered by the said Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaid, or so muche therof as they have by anye meane receaved, (twoo pence of everie pownde for the said pdculer Collecc&n as is aforesaid allwaies to be therof allowed excepted and abated,) That then it shalbe lawful I to the said Highe Collectours and everie of them and to theire Assignes, to distrayne everye of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabytauntf for the said severall and pdculer Collecc&n of the said somes comprised in the sayd Estreate and Wrydnge therof to them and everie of them as is before expressed delyvered, or for so muche of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered & levied and behinde and unpaide, by the Goods and Cattallf of everie of them so beinge behinde ; And the Dystresse so taken to be kepte appraysed and solde as is aforesaid, and therof to take and levie the somes so then beinge behinde and unpaide ; And the overplus comynge of the Sale of the said Dystresse (yf anye be) to be restored and delyvered unto the Owner in fourme above remembred.

Provided allwaies and be it Inacted by the authorytie aforesaid, That no pson or psons shalbe nomynated or appoynted to be a Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the second payment of anye Fyfteneth Tenth or Subsedie graunted by this Acte, wch before that tyme hathe ben a Collecto' or Collecto" for the firste payment of anye parte of the same Fiftenth Tenthe or Subsydie unles suche pson or psons so to be nomynated and appoynted Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the said seconde payment, doe firste shewe for the before him or them by whome he shalbe so nomynated and appoynted, his Quietus est for the dischardge of his Collecc&n before appoynted to his chardge, uppon payne of Forde Powndes to be paide & forfeyted by hym or them that shall so nomynate and appoynte anie suche Collecto' contrarie to this present Acte.

Provided allwaies, That no pson inhabytinge in anie Cyttie Borowe or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to be anye Assessour or Collector of or for anye parte of the said Sulxydie in anye Place or Placf oute of the said Cytie Borowe or Towne Corporate wheare he dwelleth.

And it is allso by the same Authorytie Inacted, That yt anye Inhabytaunt or Officer or whatsoever pson or psons chardged to and for the Collecc&n or Receipte of anye Parte or Porc&n of the said Subsydie by anye maner of Meanes, accordinge to this Acte, or any pson or psons for themselves, or as Keper Gardian Deputic

13° Eliz. c.27.

577

r

A.D. 1571.

>!

k

k

k

a

fc

k

a

e

a

a

a

tk

is

ai

c

k

i*

f!

Facto' or Ato'ney of or for anye other Pson or Psons, of anye Goods & Cattallf of the Owner therof at the tyme of the said Assessinge to be made, beinge oute of this Realme, or in anye other Pries not knowne, or of and for the Goods and Cattallf of anye other Pson or Psons of anye Corporac&n Fratemytie Mysterie or other whatsoever Comynaltie, beinge Incorporate or not Incorporate, and all Psons havinge in theire Rule Governaunce and Custodie, anye Goods or Cattallf att the tyme of the said Assessinge. or anye of them to be made, Or wrt for anye Cause for and by Colleccion, or for hymself, or for anye other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Governaunce or Custodie of anye Goods or Cattellf of anye other Pson or Psons Corporac&n Comynaltie Fraternyrie Guilde or Misterye, or anye suche other like, or as Factour Deputie or Attorney of or for anye pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to anye s5me or s5mes by reason of this Acte, and after the Taxac&n or Assessinge uppon anye suche Pson or Psons as shalbe chardged w'h the Receipte of the same, happen to dye or departe from the place wheare he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattallf be so eloyned, or in suche previe and covert maner kepte as the said p6on or psons chardged w* the same, by Estreatf or other Wrytingf from the sayd Comissioners, or asmanye of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid, can ne maye levye the same some or somes comprised w,hin the same Estreatf by Distresse w'hin the Lymytf of theire collecc&n as is aforesaid, or cannot selle suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for anye of the said paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the highe Collecto', for his payment to be made in the Quenes Majesties Recepte, Then uppon relac&n therof w'h due examynac&n by the othe or examynac&n of suche psone or p6ons as shalbe chardged w'" and for the Receipte and Collecc&n of the same, before the said Comissioners or asmanye of them as by the sayd Comission shalbe thereunto appoynted wheare suche pson or psons or other as is aforesaid, their Goodes and Cattallf weare sett and taxed, and uppon playne Certify cate therof made in the Quenes Ma*f Exchequer by the same Comissioners, aswell of the dwelling place names and somrnes of the said psons of whome the said somes cannot be levied and had as ys aforesaid, Then aswell the Constables and other Inhabytauntf appoynted for the sayd pticuler Collecc&n against the highe Collecto", as the highe Collecto' uppon his Accompte and Othe in the sayd Exchequer, to be discharged therof; and proces to be made for the Quenes Ma"* oute of the said Exchequer, by the discrec&n of the Barones of the said Exchequer, against suche pson, his Heires or Executours so beinge behinde w* his payment: And over that the same Comissioners to whome suche Declarac&n of the Premiss shalbe made in forme aforesaid, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and authorytie to dyrecte theire precepte or preceptf unto the said pson or psons chardged w"1 any some of for and uppon anie suche pson or psons or other as is aforesaid, or to anye Sheriff Stewerd Bayliff or other whatsoev* Officer Mynister pson or psons of suche place or placf where anye suche pson or psons so owinge suche some or somes shall have Landes and Tenementf or other Heredytamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattallf, whereby anie suche pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executours or Assignes, or other havinge the Custodye Govem*nce or Disposic&n of anye Goods Cattallf Lands or Tenementf or other Heredytamentf whiche oughte or maye by this Acte lawfully be distrayned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goodes Cattallf Landes Teiitf or other Possessions wherof suche some or s5mes whiche by anye suche pson or psons maye or ought to be levyed, be itt w,hin the Lymyttf of suche Comission wheare suche pson or psons was and weare taxed or w'houte, in anye place w^in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons Marches or Territories} By whiche Precepte aswell suche pson or psons as shalbe charged to levye suche Money, as the Offycers of the Place or Placf wheare suche Distresse maye be taken, shall have full Power and Autorytie to destreine every suche pson indebted chardged and changeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Admynstrato" of his Goods and Cattallf, his Gardians Factours Deputies Lessees Farmo" and Assignes, and all other psons by whose Handes or out of whose Landes anye suche psons sholde have Rente Fee Anuytie or other Pffytt, or whiche att the tyme of the sayd assessinge, shall have Goodes or Cattallf or anye other thinge movable of anye suche pson or psons beinge indebted or owinge suche some; And the Distresse so taken cause to be kepte appreased and solde in like maner and forme as is aforesayd for the Distresse to be taken uppon suche psons to be taxed to the sayd Subsydue, and beinge suffycient to distraine w,hin the Lymyttf of the Collectours Inhabytauntf or other Offycers chardged w,h or for the same somes so uppon them to be taxed; And yf anye suche Distresse for none payment happen to be taken oute of the Lymytt of the sayd psons charged and assigned to levye the same, the psons so charged for the levie of anye suche somes by Distresse, shall pceave and take of the same Distresse for the Labour of every pson goinge for the execuc&n therof, for everye Myle that anye suche pson so laboreth for the same Twoo pence ; And everye Farmoure Tenaunt Gardian Factoure or other whatsoever pson beinge distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of anye suche some or somes, or anye other somme by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche somme or somrnes of hym or them so levyed and taken, discharged or acquyted att his nexte daye of payment of the same, or att the delyverye of suche Goods and Cattallf as he that is so distrayned had in his Custodie and Governaunce, againste hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; Anye Graunte or Wrytinge obligatorie or other whatsoever Matter to the contrarie made heretofore notwithstandinge: And yf anye suche pson that sholde be so distrayned, have no Landes or Tenementf suffycient, wheareby he or his Tenauntf and Farmours may be distreyned, or have alyened eloyned or hidd his Goodes and Cattallf whereby he sholde or might be distreyned, in suche maner that suche Goodes and Cattallf shall not be knowne or fownde, so that the sdme of or by hym to be payde in the sayd fourme shall ne can be convenyently levyed, Then uppon relac&n therof to the Comissioners or to asmanye of them as by the sayd C5mission shalbe thereunto appoynted, wheare suche pson or persons was taxed and sett by the Otht-s of hym or them that shalbe chardged withe the leveye and payment of that some or somes, the same Comissioners shall make a Precepte in suche maner as is aforesayd for to attache take and arreste the Bodie of suche pson or psons that oughte to paye the sayd somes and by this Acte shalbe chardged w'" and for the said somme and somes ; and them so taken safelye to kepe in prison w^in the Shyre or other Place wheare anye suche pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, there to remayne w,houte Baylc or Mayneprise untill he hathe

Incite of Death,&c. of Collector*, or Parties chargeable for themaelve* and others, and •uflicient Distress not forthcoming. High Collectors shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, <kc. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, &c.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment j

V<)L. IV.

7 H

578

13° Eliz. c. 27

.£>.1571.

Like Proceu against Persons chargeable for othera;

Certificate of all •uch Proceu into the Exchequer j

Collector! and Officer* disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear, or to be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXIV. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves. Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

XXV.

payde the same somme or sommes that suche pson for hymself or for anye other by this Acte shalbe chardgeable or oughte to bee chardged w^all, And allso for the Fees of everye suche Arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche Precepte, Twentie pence : And that everye Offycer unto whome suche Precepte shalbe dyrected, doe his true dylygence and execute the same uppon every pson so being indetted, uppon payne to foriaite to the Quenes Majestie for everie defaulte in that behalf Twentie Shilling^ ; And that noe Keper of anye Gaile, from his Gaile suffer anye suche pson to goe att lardge by lettinge to baile, or otherwise to departe oute of his Prison before he have payde his said Debte, and the said Twentie pence for the said Arrest, uppon payne to forfayte to the Quenes Majestie Fortie shillingf, and the same Gailor to paye unto the Quenes Majestie the doble Value, aswell of the Rate whiche the said pson so imprisoned was taxed att, as of the said Twentie Pence for the Fees: And lyke Proces and Remedie in like Fourme shalbe graunted by the sayd Comissyoners or asmany of them as by the said Comision shalbe thereunto appointed att like Informafftn of everie pson or psons beinge chardged with anye s5me of Money for anye other pson or psons by reason of the sayd Subsydie, and not thereof payd, but wilfullye withedrawne, ne the same levyable w^in the lymyttf wheare suche psons weare thereunto taxed: And yf the some or somes being behinde unpayde by any pson or psons as is aforesaid, be levyed and gethered by force of the said Processe to be made by the same Comissioners, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of Payment therof, the pson or psons so owinge the sayd some or somes of Money, by processe of the same Comissioners to be made as is aforesaid, be comytted to Pryson in fourme abovesaid, that then the said Comissioners which shall awarde suche Processe, shall make Certificath thereof in the sayd Exchequer of that shalbe done in the Premess in the Tearme nexte followinge after suche some or somes of Money so beinge behinde, shalbe levied and gethered or suche pson or psons for none payment of the same comytted to Pryson : And yf it happen anye of the said Collectours to be assigned, or anye Mayores Sherifff Stewerdf Constables the Hedborowe Bursholder Bayliff or anye other Offycer or Mynister or other whatsoever pson or psons, to disobey the sayd Comissioners or anye of the, in the reasonable Requeste to them made by the said Comyssioners for execucon of the sayd Comyssion, or yf anye of the Offycers or other psons doe refuse that to them shall apperteigne and belonge to do by reason of anye precepte to hym or them to be dyrected, or anye reasonable Comaundement Instaunce or Request touchinge the premiss, or other defaulte in anye Appearaunce or Colleccbn to make, or yf anye pson beinge suspecte or not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examyned accordinge to the tenor of this Acte before the said Comissioners, or asmanye of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same Comissioners uppon warnynge to hym made, or ells make Resistaunce or Rescous uppon anye distresse uppon hym to be taken for anye pcell of the said Subsydie, or comytt anye mysbehavour in anye inaner of wise contrarye to this Acte, or comytt anye willfull omission or other whatsoever willfull not doinge or mysdooinge contrarye to the tenor of this Acte or Graunte; the same Comyssioners and everye nomber of them above remembred, or twoo of them att the leaste, uppon pbable knowledge of anye suche mysdemeano" had by Informactm or Examynacon, shall and maye sett upon everye suche Offendor for everye suche Offence in name of a Fyne, by the same Offendo' to be forfayted, fourtye shillingf or under, by the dyscrecbn of the same Comissyoners: And further, the same Comissyoners, and every nomber of them or twooe of them att the leaste, shall have authorytie by this present Acte to punishe everye suche Offendo' by ymprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by theire dyscrecbn as shall seme to them convenyent: the sayd Fines, yf anye suche be, to be certyfied by the said Comyssioners that so assessed the same into the Quenes Majesties sayd Exchequer there to be levyed and payde by the Collectours of that parties for the sayd Subsydye retomed into the said Exchecquer, to be therwth chardged w'k the payment of the said Subsydue in suche maner as yf the said Fynes had ben sett and taxed uppon the said Offendo" for the said Subsydue.

It is also Inacted by the saide authorytie of this present Flyament, That everie of the said Highe Collectours wa shall accompte for anye parte of the sayd Subsydye in the sayd Exchequer, uppon their severall Accomptf to be yelded shalbe allowed att everie of the said Paymentf of the said Subsydie for everye pownde lymyted to his Collection wherof anye suche Collectour shalbe chardged and yealde Accompte, syxe pence, as pcell of theire Charge; that is to saye, Of everie pownde therof for suche pson as then have had the pticuler Collection in the Townes and other places as is aforesaid specyfied in his Colleccbn Twoo pence, and other Twoo pence of everye pownde therof everye of the said cheiff Collectours or their Accomptauntf to reteine to their owne use for their labour and chardge in and abowte the premy&i; and Twoo pence of everye pownd residue, to be delyvered allowed and payde by the said Collectours so beinge therof allowed to suche of the Comissioners as shall take uppon them the busynes and laboure for and aboute the premyss; that is to saye, everye Collectour to paye that Comissioner or Comissyoners whiche had the orderinge of the viritingf of and for the said Subsydye wheare the sayd Collecto' or Collectours had theire Collection, for the expencf of the said Comissyoners so takyng uppon them the said busynes, and laboure of their Clarkes wryting the sayd Preceptf and Extractf for the said Collections, the same last Twoo pence of every pownde to be devyded amongest the said Comissioners, havinge regarde to their laboure and busynes taken by them and their said Clarkes in and abowte the premisses ; for the whiche parte so to the said Comissioners attayninge, the said Comissioners syx fyve sower three or twoo, ot asmanye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Majesties Comission, and everie of them, joyntely and severallye for his and their said parte, maye have his remedie against the said Collecto' or Collecto" w* therof ben and might have ben allowed, by Acc&n of Debte in whiche the Deffendaunte shall not wage his Lawe, neyther Ptection neyther Injunction or Essoigne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe being of the nomber of the Companye of this present Plyament, or anye Comissyoner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or Presenter of the said Subsydue, or of anye parte therof, nor no Comissioners shalbe compelled to make anye Presentment or Certifycat, other then in the Quenes Majesties

AM. 1571

13° Enz. c. 27.

519

sayd Exchequer, of for or conceminge the sayd Subsydie or anye parte therof; and likewise that noe other p6on y' shalbe named or assigned to be Comissioners in anye place to and for the execucion of this Acte of Subsydye, bee or shalbe assigned or named Head Collecto" of anye of the payment? of the sayd Subsydue, neyther of anye parte therof ■, and that everie suche person or persons whiche shalbe named and appoynted as is aforesaide to be Head Collectours in and for the firste payment of this Subsydye, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the second payment of the sayd Subsydie, or for anye parte therof: And the sayde Collectours which shalbe assigned for the Collecc&n of the sayd Subsydie, or for anye parte therof, and everye of them, be and shalbe acquyted and dischardged of all maner Fees Rewardes and of everie other Chardges in the Queenes Ma'? Exchequer or ells wheare, of them or anye of them, by reason of that Collecc&n Payment or Accomptf, or anye thinge concerninge the same to be asked ; and that yf anye pson receave or take anye Fees Rewardes or Pleasures of anye suche Accomptaunt, that then he shall forfeyte to the Quenes Majestie for everye penye or value of everie penye so taken, fyve shilling?, and suffer Imprisonement att the Quenes Ma*? Pleasure.

And after the Taxinge and Assessinge of the said Subsydies (as is aforesaid) had or made, and the said Extract? therof in Parchement unto the Collecto' in maner and fourme before rehearsed delyvered, the said Comissioners w1" shall take uppon them the execuf&n of this Acte w,bin the Lymyt? of their Comyssion, by theire Agreamentf shall have Meetinge together, att w'*' Meetinge everye of the sayd Comissioners w* then shall have taken uppon them the execucon of anye parte of the sayd Comyssion, shall by himself or by his suffycient Deputie, trulye certyfie and bringe for the unto the said Comyssioners named in the said Comission, the Certificat and Presentment made before him and suche other Comissioners as weare lymyted wu" him in one Lymyte, so that the same Certificat maye be accompted and caste w"1 the other Certyfycat? of the other Lymytt? w'bin the same Comyssion ; and then the sayd Comyssyoners and everye nombre of them unto twoe att the leaste as is aforesayd, yf anye be in Lyffe, or theire Executours or Admynistratours of their Good?, yf they then be deade, shall joyntely and severally as they weare devyded w^in theire Lymytt?, under theire Seales by theire Discreac&n, make one or severall Wrytinges indented conteyninge in it aswell the Names of the said Collectours by the Comissyoners for suche Collection and Accompt? in Thexchequer and payment in the same Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall somes written unto everie suche Collectours to receave the said Subsydie ; And allso all Fines Amercyament? and other Forfeytures, yf anye suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w,bin the Prescind and Lymyte of their Comission to be certyfyed into the Quenes Ma*? said Exchequer by the sayd Comissyoners; In wcb Wrydnge or Wryting? indented so to be certyfied, shalbe playnly declared and expressed the whole and entyre some or somes of the saide Subsydye severally lymyted to the Collecc&n of the sayd Collectours severally deputed and assigned to the Collecc&n of the said somes; soe that none of the sayd Collectours soe certyfyed in the said Exchequer shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be chardged but onely to and for the s5me lymyted to his Collecc&n and not to or for anye some lymyted to the Colleccon of his Fellowe, but everie of them shalbe severally chardged for theire parte lymyted to their Collecc&n: And yf the sayd Comyssioners joyned in one Comissyon amonge themselves in that Matter cannott agree, or yf anye of them be not ready, or refuse to make Certyfycat wa‘ other of the same Comissyoners, That then the same Comissioners maye make severall Indentures in Fourme aforesaid of their severall Lymyt? or Separaf&ns of Collecto" w,hin the Lymytt? of their Comission, uppon and in the Hundredes Wardes Wapentak? Lathes Rapes or suche other like Devysions w,hin their said severall Lymyt? of their Comission, as the Places there shall requyer to be severed and devyded, and as to the same Comissioners shall seme good, to make Devysions of their Lymyt? or Collections for the severall Chardg? of the same Collectours \ So that allwaie one Collectour shalbe chardged and accompte for his parte to hym to be lymyted onlye by hymself and nott for anye s5me lymyted to the parte of anye of his Fellowes, and the chardg? of everye of the Collectours to be sett and certyfied severally uppon them; And everie suche Collecto' uppon his Accompte & Payment of the sdme of Money lymyted w,hin his Collecc&n, to be severally by hymself accquyted and dischardged in the said Exchequer wlhoute payinge anye maner Fees or Reward? to anye pson or psons for the same, uppon the payne and penaltie laste abovesaid, and not to be chardged for anye portion of anye other Collectoure: And yf anye CSmyssioner after he hath taken Certyfycat of them that as is aforesaid, shall before anye suche Comissioner be examyned, and the s5mes rated and sett and the Bookes and Wryting? therof beinge in his Hand?, Or yf anye Collectour or other pson chardged w,b anye Receipte of anye parte of the said Subsydye, or anye other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte chardged w* and for anye pcell of the said Subsydye or w01 anye other Somes Fyne Amearcyament Penaltie or other Forfayture, happen to dye before the Comissioner Collectour or other whatsoever Pson or Psons, have executed accomplyshed satisfyed or sufficiently dischardged that wch to every suche pson shall appteigne or belong to do accordinge to this Acte, Then the Executours and Heires of ev'y suche pson and all other seased of anye Landes or Tenement? that anye suche person beinge chardged by this Acte and deceassinge before he be discharged thereof, or anye other to his use onlye, hadd of Estate of Inherytaunce at the tyme that anye suche pson was named C5myssioner Collecto' or otherwise chardged wlh and for anye maner of Thinge to be don satisfyed or payde by reason of this Acte; And all those that have in their Possessions or Handes anye Good? Cattail? Leases or other Thing? that weare to anye suche pson or psons att the tyme of his Deathe, or anye Landes or Tenement? that weare the same psons at the tyme he was (as is aforesaid) chardged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and chardged to do and accomplishe to do in every case, as the same pson so beinge chardged sholde have don and mighte have ben compelled to doe yf he had ben in playne Lyffe, after suche Rate of the Landes and Good? of the said Comissioner or Qollectour as the ptie shall have in his Hande: And yf the said Comissyoners, for causes resonable them movinge, shall thincke it not convenyent to joyne in on Certyfycat as ys aforesaid, Then the sayd pson or psons that shall

Members of Parliament, Commissioners, 8cc shall not be. Collectors, Sic.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the exchequer.

XXVI.

After Assessment, ice. Commissioners shall meet and certify their sereral Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, ice.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respectire Districts!

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners or Collectors dying, shall complete their Duties;

580

13° Eliz. c. 27

Form of the first Certificate where all the Commissioner! do not join.

XXVII. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVIII. Persons having

Lands, and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, &c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXIX. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Offices iu Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey.

XXX. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

fyrste joyne together, or he that shall firste certyfie the sayd Wrytinge indented as is aforesaid, shall certyfie all the Names of the Comissioners of that Comyssibn, whereupon suche Wrytingf shalbe there then to be certyfyed w'k Devysyon of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wardes Tythinges or other Places to and amonge suche Comyssyoners of the same Comyssion, w"" the Names of the same Comyssyoners wheare suche Seperac&ns and Devysions shalbe, w,k the grosse somes of Money, aswell of and for the said Subsydie taxed or sett of or w,hin the sayd Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes or other Placf to hym or them devyded or assigned, that shall soe certyfye the said firste Wrytinge, as of the Fynes Amercyamentf Penalties or other Forfaytures, if anye happen to be w,bin the same Lymytf wherof the same Wrytingf shalbe certyfied, and after suche Wrytinge indented, w1* as is aforesaid shalbe certyfied and not conteine in it the hole and full somes sett and taxed w^in the Lymyttf of the same Comission, the other CSmissioners of the same before the Daye of Payment of the said Subsydie, shall certyfie into the said Exchequer by their Wrytinge or Wrytingf indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and severall somes sett and taxed w^in the Placf to them lymyted for the said Subsydie and other Fynes Amercyamentf Penaltyes and Forfaytures, w‘*‘ the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf and other Placf to them assigned, or elles by their said Wrytingf indented, to certyfie att the same Place before the same Daye of Payment, suche reasonable causes for their Excuses whye they maye not make suche Certyfycat of and for the said Subsydie Fynes Amercyamentf and other Forfeytures growinge or sett by reason of the Causes of their Lettf, or of their non certyfyinge as is abovesaid, or ells in Defaulte therof, Pcesse to be made oute of the Quenes Ma"* sayd Exchequer against the said Comissioners and everie of them not makinge Certificat as is aforesayd, by the Discreacon of the Treasoro' or Barones of the said Exchequer.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the Authorytie aforesaid, That the Inhabytauntf of the Parrishe of S' Martyne, called Stamforde Baron, in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stamforde in the Sowthe parte of the Water there, called Welland, wch hereafter shalbe contrybutorye to the Payment of this present Subsydue graunted to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successours, shalbe assessed ratyd and taxed for this tyme by suche Comissioners w1" shalbe appoynted for the taxinge ratinge and sessinge of suche Subsydie or Taxe w"*in the Cowntie of Lincoln, and shalbe for this tyme contrybutorie and paye the said Subsydie to the Collecto' or Collectours w^ shalbe assigned and appoynted for the levyinge and getheringe of the same wlh the Aldermen and Burgeses of the said Borough and Towne of Stampforde.

Provided alwaies, and be it further Inacted by the Authorytie aforesaid, That all and everie pson and psons havinge Manno" Lands Tenementf and other Heredytamentf chardgeable to the payment of the Subsydie graunted to the Quenes Ma'" by this Acte, and allso havinge Spirytuall Possessions chardgeable to her sayd Majestie by the Graunte made by the Clergye of this Realine in theire Convocacbn, and over this, havinge Substaunce in Goods & Cattallf chargeable by this said Acte, that then yf anye of the sayd pson or psons be hereafter chardged assessed and taxed for the said Manno" Landes & Tenementf and Spyrytuall Possessyons, and allso assessed chardged and taxed for his

or their Goods and Cattallf, that then he or they shalbe only chardged by vertue of this Acte for his and theire said

Manours Lands Tenementf Heredytamentf and Spirytuall Possessyons, or onlye for his said Goods and Cattallf, the best thereof to be taken for the Quenes Majestie, and not to be chardged for bothe or double chardged for any of

them; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteined to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, That this Graunte of Subsydue nor anye Thinge therein conteyned in anye wise extende to chardge the Inhabytauntf or Dwellers in Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or anye of them, of for or conceminge anye Mannors Landes Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattallf or other moveables Substaunce wch the said Inhabytauntf or Dwellers or anye other to theire use, have w,hin Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or in anye of them, or of for or concernynge anye Fees or Wages whiche anye of the sayd Inhabytauntf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Majestie, for theire Attendaunce and doinge Service to oure Sovereigne Ladye in Irelande Jernesey and Garnesey, or in anye of them ; Anye Thinge in this present Acte to the contrary in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Provided allso, That this present Acte of Subsydye ne anye Thinge therein conteined extende to anye of the Englishe Inhabitauntf or Resyantf in anye of the Cownties of Northumberlande Comberlande Westmerlande the Towne of Barwike the Towne of Newecastell uponn Tyne, and the Bushoprike of Durham, nor to anye of them, of for or conceminge anye Manno" Landes Tenementf or other Possessyons Goods Cattallf or other moveable Substaunce whiche the same Inhabytauntf or Dwellers, or any other to theire use have within the said Cownties of Northumberlande Comberlande Westmerlande or the Towne of Barwike the Towne of Newecastle uppon Tyne or the Bushopryke of Durham, or anye of them, or of for or conceminge anye Fees or Wages whiche anye of the saide Inhabytauntf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Majestie for theire Attendaunce and doinge Service to the Quenes Majestie for or w,hin the sayd Cownties of Northumberlande Comberlande Westmerlande the Towne of Barwike the Towne of Newecastell upon Tyne and the Busshoprike of Durham, or anye of them, to or for the sayd taxinge levyinge getheringe or paymente ; but that the Englishe Inhabytauntf and Resyauntf, and everye off them, of the said Cownties Bushoprike and Townes, and everie of them shalbe of and from the said Subsydie, and everie pcell therof, for their Mano" Landes Tenementf Fees Wags Goods and Cattellf lyinge and beinge in the saide Cownties Townes and Bushoprike or anye of them, utterlye acquyted and discharged ; Anye Thinge in this present Acte before rehearsed to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

A.D. 1571

13° Eliz. c. 27.

581

Provided allso, That all Letters Pattentf graunted by the Quenes Majestie or anye of her moste noble Pgenitours to anye Cytties Boroughes or Townes w^in this Realme, of anye maner of Liberties Pryvylegf or Exemptions from the Burden and Chardge of anye suche Grauntes of Subsydies whiche be att this present tyme in force & vayleable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the said Cytties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, accordinge to the purportf therof, thoughe the Inhabytauntf of the same shall uppon the greate and waightie Consyderac&n of the Graunte abovesayd, be for this Graunte chardged and contrybutorie in like maner forme and sorte as other Citties Boroughes and Townes w"* be not in any wise pryveleged but be by this Acte charged.

Provided allwaies and be it Inacted by Authorytie aforesaid, That no Orphant or Infant wlhin the Age of xxj yeares, borne within anye of the Quenes Majesties Domynyons, shalbe chardged to anye Payment of this Subsydie, for his or her Goods and Cattallf to him or her lefte or bequethed ; Anye thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

Provided allso, That this Acte nor anye thinge therein conteined, shall not extend to the Goodes or Landes of any Colledge Hall or Hostell w^in the Unyversyties of Oxforde and Cambridge, or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton fownded by Bushopp Wikham, or to the Goods or Landes of the Colledge of Eaton nexte Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tenementf or Revenues only assigned or appoynted for the Sustentac&n and Lyvinge of the poore Knightes, fownded in the Castell or Colledge of Windsour by o' laite Sovereigne Lorde Kinge Henry the Eighte, or to anye the Goods or Cattallf of the said Knightf or anye of them, or to the Goodes or Landes of anye comen Free Gramer Scoole w<hin the Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the Goods of anye Reader Scholemaster or Scholler, or anye Graduate resyante or remayninge for Studie, w^out Fraude or Covyne, w'Nn anye of the sayd Unyversyties and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxforde or Suburbes of the same, or anye of them, or to anye their Servauntf daylye attendaunte uppon anye of them, nor to the Goods of anye Offycer Mynister Almesman or Servauntf belonginge to anye of the sayd Unyversyties Colledges Halles or Hostellf, and dwellinge and resyant wttin the said Unyversyties or eyther of them, or w^in eyther of the said Townes of Cambridge and Oxforde and Suburbes of the same, w""oute Fraude or Covyne; Nor to the Goodes and Landes of anye Hospytall Measondieu or Spyttelhowse prepared and used for the Sustentacbn and Releif of poore People; Anye thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided allso, That the said Graunte of Subsydye or anye thynge therein conteyned, doe not in anye wise extende or be pjudyciall or hurtefull to the Inhabytauntf or Resyauntf att this present tyme w^in the Fyve Portes Corporate, or to anye of their Members incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Portes, or to anye of the same Fyve Portes, of or for anye parte or pcell of the sayd somes graunted in this Plyament of the said Inhabytauntf nowe resyaunte, or anye of them, to be taxed sett asked levyed or payde ; but the sayd Inhabytauntf and Resyauntf in the sayd Fyve Portes, and theire Members be and shalbe of and from the said Graunte and Payment of the said Subsydie duringe their Resyauncie there and no longer, clearly acquyted and dischardged; Anye Matter or whatsoev* thinge in this present Acte had or made to the contrarye notw^standinge.

Provided allso and be it Inacted, Thatforasmuche as the Inhabitauntf and Dwellers w'hin the Cownties of Penbroke Carmerthan Cardigan Brecnocke Glamorgan Radnor Mountgomerey Denbigh Flynte Meryoneth Angleysey and Caravan, be att this present tyme chardged and chardgeable w"* the paymentf of dyvers and severall Subsydies lately graunted to the Quenes Highnes, and yett unpayde : Be it therefore ordeyned and Inacted by the Authorytie aforesaid, That this Acte of Subsidie, or anye thinge therin conteyned, shall not extende to charge anye of the Inhabytauntf and Dwellers w'Nn anye of the said Cownties of Pembroke Carifithen Cardygan Brecknock Glamorgan Radnor Mountgoniye Denbigh Flynt Meryoneth Anglysey and Camarven w"* this present Subsydie, or anye of the Paymentf thereof graunted by this Acte, untill the last daye fof them appo)nted for the payment of the laste Subsydie graunted to the Quenes Majestie, be fully expired, and that then the firste payment of the said Subsydie graunted by this present Acte, shalbe by theim made att the Receipte of the Quenes Exchequer, att or before the firste daye of Noveber next followinge after the said laste daye appoynted for the payment of the laste Subsydye; And the second payment of this Subsydye to be made att the said Receipte of the Exchequer before the firste daye of June then nexte followinge.

Provided allso, That the said Graunte of Subsydye and twoo Fyftenes and Tenthes doe not in anye maner of wise extende or be fPjudiciall or hurtefull to the Inhabitauntf and Resiauntf, at this present tyme w'hin the Liberties of Romney Mershe, of or for anye parte of the said somes graunted in this present Plyament, of the said Inhabytauntf nowe resyauntf or anye of them to be taxed sett asked levyed or payde; but that the said Inhabytauntf and nowe resyauntf of Romney Marshe aforesaid, and everie of them, be and shalbe of and from the said Graunte and Payment of the said Subsydie and Fyftenes and Tenthes, duringe their resyaunsy there and not longer, acquytted and dischardged ; Anye Matter or whatsoev* Thinge in this pnt Acte made or had to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

XXXI. Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

IS* * VII.]

XXXII. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, he.

XXXIII. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, he.

XXXIV.

Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXV. Persons chargeable with former Subsidies in Wales, shall not be charged under this Act, until Expiration of Time of Payment of such former Subsidies.

XXXVI. Exemption for Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

7 I

582

13° Eliz. c. 28.

A.D. 1571.

Motive! for this Pardon

General Pardon to all Subjects, Bodies Corporate, &. c. in England, Wales, Jersey, Sec. of all Offences, &c. not expressly excepted, committed, &c. before 14 Feb.

An. 13 Eliz.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, as if all Offences, tec. were particularly specified.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fees; except i6d. to the Clerk.

IV.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

CHAPTER XXVm. (')

An Acte of the Quenes Highnesse moste gracious Generali and Free Pardon.

THE Quenes moste Excellent Malie well understandynge the great good will and iaithfull hartes of all her lovynge and obedyent' Subjects towardes her Highnes, aswell for the good governaunce as also for the Defence of this her Realme at all tymes; And nowe pceyvynge that the same her lovynge Subjects have many wayes fallen into the daunger of dyverse Forfeytures and Penalties of the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, hath therefore thought it convenyent to extend her mercy and clemency towardes her said obedient Subjects with her liberall and free Pardon ; and thereby to discharge some part of suche great Paynes Penalties and Forfeytures wherewith her said Subjects stand nowe burdened and charged; trustynge assuredly that fromhensfoorthe her said lovynge Subjects will contynue in all good Obedience and Faithfulnes towardes her Ma*1*, and hereafter so to obey the good Lawes and Statutes of this Realme as to them of Right and Dutie apperteyneth: And therefore her Ma1" is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the Aucthoritie of this pnt Pliament, in manner and fourme followynge, That is to saye; that all and every of her said Subjects, aswell Spiritual! as Temporall of this her Highnes Realme of England, Wales, the Isles of Jemesey and Gernesey, and the Towne of Barwyck, the Heires Successo's Executo's and Admynystrato's of them and every of them, and all and synguler Bodies in any manner of wyse corporated, Cities Boroughes Shyres Rydynges Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Vyllages Hamelettf and Tythynges, and everye of them, and the Successo' and Successo's of every of them, shalbe by Aucthorytye of this pnt Parlyament acquyted pardoned releassed and discharged, against the Quenes Mall' her Heyres and Successo's and every of them, of all manner of Treasons Fellonyes Robberyes Offences Contemptf Alienacons wihout License Trespacf Intrucons Entrees Wrongs Deceiptf Mysdemeano's Forfeytures Penaltyes and Somes of Money, Paynes of Deathe, Paynes corporall and pecunyarye, and generally of all other Thynges Causes Quarrellf Sutes Judgementf and Execucons, in this pnt Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprysed, whiche may be or can be by her Highnes in any wyse or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the fouretenth daye of February last past, in this present thirtenth yere of her most gracious Reigne, to every or any of her sayd Subjects Bodyes Corporate Cytyes Borowghes Shyres Rydynges Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythynges or any of them.

And alsoe the Quenes Highnes is contented that it be enacted by Aucthoryty of this pnt Parlyament, That her said free Pdon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to every of her said Subjects, Bodyes Corporate, and other before rehersed, in and against all Thynges whiche be not hereafter in this pnt Acte excepted and forprysed, as the same Pardon shoulde have bene, yf all Offences Contemptf Forfeytures Causes Matters Suytes Quarrellf Judgementf Execucons Penaltyes and all other Thynges, (not hereafter in this Acte excepted and forprysed,) had bene partyculerly syngulerly specyally and playnely named rehersed and specyfyed, and also pdoned by proper and expresse Wordes and Names in theyr Kyndes Natures and Qualytyes, by Wordes and Termes thereunto requysyte to have bene putt in and expressed in this pnte Acte of free Pardon ; And that her said Subjects, nor any of them, nor the Heires Executours or Admynystrators of any of them, nor of the said Bodyes Corporate and others before named and rehersed, nor any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquyeted in their Bodies Goodes Chattellf Landes or Tents, for any manner of Matter Cause Contempt Mysdemeano' Forfayture Trespace Offence or any other Thyng, suffered done or comytted before the saide fouretenth day of February against her Highnes her Crowne Dygnyty Prerogatyve Lawes or Statutes, but onely for suche Matters Causes and Offences as be playnly rehersed in the Excepcons of this present Acte hereafter menebned, and for none other; Any Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandynge.

Also the Quenes Highnes of her bounteous Lyberalytye, by Aucthorytye of this pnt Parlyament, graunteth and freely geveth to every of her said Subjects, and to every of the said Bodyes Corporat and other before rehersed, and every of theym, all Gooddes Cattellf Debtes Fynes Issues Proffittf Amarcyamentf Forfeytures and Somes of Money by any of them forfeyted, which to her Highnes doo or sholde belonge or appartcyne, by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespace Entree Mysdemeano' Matter Cause or Quarrell suffered done or comytted by them or any of them before the said fouretenth day of February, whiche be not hereafter in this present Acte playnely foreprysed Sc excepted j And that all and every the Quenes said Subjects, and all & syngler Bodies Corporate & other before rehersed, may by hym or themself, or by his or their Deputye or Deputyes or by his or their Atto'ney or Atto'neys, accordynge to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and mynyster this present Acte of free Pardon, for his or their Discharge of and for every Thynge that is by vertue of this present Acte pardoned discharged geven or graunted withoute any Fee or other Thynge in any wyse paienge to any parson or psons for Wrytynge or Entree of the Judgement or other Cause concemynge suche Plee Wrytynge or Entree, but only sixtene pence to be paid to the Offycer or Clerke that shall enter the Plee Matter or Judgement for the Ptyes Discharge in that Behalf; Any Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwythstandynge.

And furthermore the Quenes Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by thaucthorytie of this present Plyament, That her said free Pardon by the generall Wordes before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed adjudged expounded allowed & taken in all manner of C.ourtes of her Highnes and elswhere, aswell in the Wordes and Clauses

1 From the Original Act : See Note at the beginning of this Year.

13° Eliz. c. 28.

583

A.D.\$n>

of the Exceptions and Forepryses specyfyed in this pnt Acte, as in all & syngler other Clauses Wordes Sc Sentences mentioned and rehersed in the said free Pardon, moste beneficially & avayleably to all and syngler her sayd Subjects Bodyes Corporate & others before rehersed, and to every of them, wythout any Ambyguyty Questyon or other Delaye whatsoever yt shalbe to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the Quene o' Sovereigne Ladye, her Heyres Successo's or Executo's or by her or any of theyr generall Attorney or Attorneys, or any parson or psons for her Highnes, or any of her Heyres Successors or Executo's.

And further it is enacted by the Quene o' Sovereygne Lady, by the Aucthorytye of thys pnt Parlyament, That yf any Offycer or Clerke of any of her Highnes Courtes comonly called the Kynges Benche Chauncery and Common Place, or of her Exchequer, or any other Offycer or Clerke of anye other of her Courtes wythin this Realme, at any tyme after the last daye of thys present Cessyon of Parlyament, make oute or wryte oute any manner of Wryttf or other Proces, or any Extreates Sommons or other Preceptf, whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodyes Corporate or other before rehersed, or any of them, shalbe in any wyse arrested attached distreyned sommoned or otherwyse vexed ynquyeted or gryeved in hys or theyr Bodyes Landes Tefites Gooddes or Cattellf, or in any of them, for or because of any manner of thynge pdoned or discharged by vertue of this Acte of free Pardon, or yf any Sheryff or Excheato', or any of their Deputye or Deputyes, or any Baylyff or other Offycer, by collo' of hys or theyr Offyce or otherwayes after the sayd last daye of thys present Cessyon of Parlyament, doe leavy receyve take or w'hold any thynge pardoned or dyscharged by thys Acte, That then every suche parson so offendynge and thereof lawfully condempned, shall yelde and paye for Recompence thereof to the partie so greyed or offended Treble Damagf, besides all Costs of the Sute, & shall also forfeyt & lose to the Quenes Ma'" for ePy such Default xti.; And nev'theless all & syngler such Writtf fees Extreatf and Preceptf so to be made, for or uppon any manner of thynge pardoned or dyscharged by this pnt Acte of free Pardon, shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effect.

Except and alwayes foreprysed oute of thys generall and free Pardon, all and almant of High Treasons comytted or done by any pson or psons, by any overt Dede or Acte against the Quenes most Royall parson, and all Conspyracyes and Confederacyes trayterously had comytted or done by any pson or psons against the Quenes Ma'"* pson; And also Excepted all and almaS of Treasons comytted or done by any pson or psons in the partes beyonde the Seas, or in any other place out of the Quenes Domynyons; and all Sutes Punyshmentf Executions Paynes of Deathe Forfeytures and Penaltyes for or by reason or occasyon of any of the Treasons and Offences before excepted; And also excepted and foreprysed oute of thys generall and free Pdon, all and every Pyracye and Robbery done uppon the Seas; And also excepted oute of thys generall and free Pardon, all maner of Voluntary Murders Petye Treasons and wylfull Poysonynges done by any parson or parsons, and all and every the Accessaryes to the same Offences or any of them before the said Offences comytted ; and all and every Robbery done uppon or to any pson or psons in any Dwellynge Howse or Howses in the Daye tyme or in the Night tyme, and all Robberyes done uppon or to any Man or Womans parson in the High waye or elswhere, and all and synguler Accessaryes of or to any suche Robbery before the said Robbery comytted; And also excepted all Rapes and Camall Ravyshmentf of Women, and all wylfull Escapes aswell of Treato's and Fellons as also of Clarkes attaynted; And also excepted oute of this generall and free Pdon, all psons nowe attaynted or owtelawed of or for any Treason Petye Treason Murther Wylfull Poysonynge or Robbery ; And also excepted all and every manner of takynge from the Quenes Ma'" of any Gooddes or Cattellf or the Yssues Rentes Revenues or Proffittf of any Manno's Landes Tents or Hereditamentf of any Trayto' Murderer Fellon Clerke or Clerkes beynge psons atteynted owtelawed or fugytyves, or of any of them; and also all Gooddes and Cattellf forfeyted to the Quenes Ma,k by reason of any Treason or Fellony heretofore comytted ; And also excepted oute of this Pdon, all manner of IntrutiSns had made or done by any pson or psons in or uppon any the Manno's Landes Tents or other Hereditamentf of o' Sovereigne Lady the Quene, and the takynge of any of the Rentes Yssues and Proffittf of the same Manno's Landes or Tents of our said Sovereigne Ladye, and also all Sutes and Impetycons for the same; And also excepted oute of this Pardon, all Wastes comytted or done in any of the Quenes Wardes Landes, or in the Wardes Landes of any of the Quenes Cornyttees; And also all and every Fyne and Fynes for the syngle and doble value of the Marriage or Marry ages of all and every the Quenes Wardes at any tyme growne to the Quenes Ma*" or any her noble Progenyto's; And also excepted oute of thys generall & free Pardon all Ravysshementf and Wrongefull Takynge or Withholdynge of any of the Quenes Wardes or Wardes Landes, at any tyme commen or growen to the Quenes Handes, or that by reason of any Warde oughte to come or be to the Quenes Mau', and that yet is not dyscharged.

Provyded alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthoryty of thys present Parlyament, That all and every parson and psons whyche have tendered or ought to sue Lyvery oute of o' seyde Sovereigne Lady the Quenes Handes, of or for any Manno's Landes Tents or Heredytamentf whatsoever they be, shall sue hys or theyre Livery and Lyveryes oute of oure said Sovereigne Lady the Quenes Handes of his or their Manno's Landes Tents and Heredytamenf, in lyke manner and fourme as they and every of them shoulde or ought to have done yf thys Acte had never bene had ne made; Any Article Thynge or Thynges in thys pnt Acte of Generall & Free Pdon comprysed and specyfied to the contrary notwithstandynge.

And also excepted and foreprysed oute of this Generall and Free Pardon, all suche parsons as the last daye of this pnt Sessyon of thys present Plyament, be in Pry son within the Tower of London, or in the Pryson of the Marshallsey, or in the Flete, and all parsons putt to execution before the said last daye: And also excepted oute of this Generall and Free Pardon all and every suche parson and parsons whiche sythence the begynnynge of the Quenes Ma*"* Reigne

V.

Penalty on Officer* of Courts issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned Treble Damages, and Proces* declared void.

VI. Exceptions from this Pardon: Treasons, and Forfeitures thereon;

Piracies;

Murders

Burglaries; Robberies;

Rapes;

Taking Issues of Goods of Feloas,

See.

Intrusions;

Waste* in Lands of the King's Wards

Ac.

Fines for Marriage;

Ravishment* of Ward*.

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

VIII. Further Exceptions: Prisoner* in Execution, &c.

584

13° Eliz. c. 28

A.D. 1571

t ugitives for Treason;

Perron* absent from the Kingdom without Licence

Prisoner* in special Custody by the Queen's Command;

Concealment of Customs, &c.;

Collectors and Accountants to the Crown j

Unlawful Inclosures;

Issues and Fines affered, See.

Offences by Moneyers, &c. of the Mints

Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown, except on certain Recognizances;

Forfeitures adjudged;

Penalties recovered by Verdict; Forfeitures and Penalties proceeded for, or granted by the Crown;

Perjury;

Forgeries of Deeds

Breaches of Covenant to the Crown

Illegal Exportation of Gold or Silver;

Great Riots, whereof Suits are depending in the Star-Chamber ; Extortions.

IX.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

X.

Further Exceptions: Rebels and Conspirator* 5 Conspirators in Norfolk.

have fledde oute of this Realme of England or any other the Quenes Domynyons, for any Offence of High Treason Pety Treason or Mysprysyon of Treason: And also except all suche parsons as be fledde and gone oute of this Realme contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme without the Quenes Ma" Lycence: And also all. suche parsons as have obteyned and had lycense to departe the Realme for a certen tyme, and nowe doo abyde oute of the Realme, withoute any lawfull excuse, after the tyme of theyr Lycence expired : And also excepted oute of this Free Pardon all and every suche parson and psones as before the said fouretenth daye of February have ben comytted to the custodye and safe kepynge of any other parson or parsons oute of any Ordynary Pryson, by the Quenes Ma‘f expresse Order and Comaundement, and whiche the last daye of this present Cession of this Plyament be remaynynge and contynuynge in suche Custodye and kepynge: And also excepted oute of this Pardon all and every Concealementf and wrongfull Deteynementf of any Custome or Subsedy due to the Quenes Ma'1*, and all Accomptes and Suytes to be had made or done for the same : And also excepted all and syngler Accomptes of all and every Collecto' and Collecto's of any Subsedy Fyftene Benevolence Myse Loane or Contrybucyon : And all Accomptf of every other pson whatsoeP that ought to be Accomptant to the Quenes Highnes or to her most noble Father Kynge Henry the Eight, or to Kynge Edwarde the Sixt, or Quene Mary, or to any of them, and the Heires Execute's and Admistrato's of every suche pson that ought to accompt for all Thynges towchynge onely the same Accompt; and all and synguler Arrerages of Accomptes, and all untrue Accomptf, and all Impetycyons Suytes Demaundes and ExecucSns whiche can or may be had of or for any Accompt or Accomptes, or any Arrerages of the same : And also except all Enclosures and Decayes of Howses of Husbandry and the convertynge of any Lande from Tyllage to Pasture, made done comytted or pmytted contrary to the fourme and effect of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made: And also excepted and foreprysed oute of this free Pardon, all Issues Fynes and Amercyamentf affered taxed sett extreated or entred, severally or pticulerly, towchinge or concernynge any pson or psons: And also excepted and foreprysed oute of this Free Pdon, all and almanner of Deceiptf and Offences of all and syngler Monyers and other Offycers Mynters or Woorkemen of or in any of the Quenes Ma*1" Myntf within thys Realme, or any other her Domynyons, and all Ympetycons and Punyshmentf for the same : And also excepted all Titles and Acc&ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Reliefs and Reliefff Rents Servycf Rents Chargf Rents Seckf and the Arreragf of the same not done or paid to the Quenes Highnes: And also excepted all somes of Money graunted to the Quenes Mau*, or to any her noble Progenyto's, by waye or meane of Subsedye Fyftene Benevolence or Contrybucbn, or by any of the same wayes or meanes: And also excepted oute of this Pdon all Debts whiche were or be due to o' Sovereigne Lady the Quene, or to the most noble Kynge of famous Memory Kynge Henry the Seaventh, or to Kynge Henry the Eight, Kynge Edward the Sixt or to the late Quene Mary or to any parson or psons to any of their uses by any Condeinpnac&n Recognizaunce Obligacbn or otherwyse, other then suche Debts as are due uppon any Obligacftn or Recognyzaunce forfeyted before the saide fouretenth daye of February for none apparance in any Co'te or other Place, or for not kepynge of the Peace or not beyinge of good Behavyo', whiche by thys Free Pardon be and shalbe clerely pardoned and dyscharged : And also excepted 8t forprysed oute of this Pdon, all & syngler Penaltyes Forfeytures and somes of Money beynge due or accrewed to oure Soveigne Lady the Quene by reason of any Statute or Statutes, whiche Forfeytures Penaltyes & somes of Money be converted into the nature of Debt, by any Judgement Order or Decree or by the Agreament of the Offender or Offenders: And also except all Penaltyes & Forfeytures, whereof there is any Verdytt in any Sute geven or past for the Quenes Ma'k: And also excepted all Forfeytures & other Penaltyes & Proffittf nowe due to the Quenes Mall' by reason of any Offence Contempt or other Acte had suffered comytted or done contrary to any Acte Statute or Statutes, or contrary to the Comon Lawes of this Realme, whereof any Acc&n Bill Pleynt or Informacbn ys sued exhibyt or nowe dependynge in any of the Quenes Ma"" Co'tf, or wherof the Quenes Highnes by her Byll signed or otherwyse heretofore hathe made any Gyfte or Assignement to any pson or psons: And also excepted oute of this Free Pdon all Offencf of Pjury and Subornacon of Wytnesses, and all Offences of forgynge or counterfeytynge of any false Dedes Escriptes or Wrytyngf and all procurynge or counsellynge of any suche counterfeytynge or forgynge to be had or made: And also excepted all Penaltyes Forfeytures & Titles of Condicftn accrewed or growne to the Quenes Ma"' by reason of the Breache or not pfo'mynge of any Covenaunt or CondicSn: And also excepted oute of this Pdon all and every Offence & Offencf towchynge or concernynge the carrienge sendynge or conveyenge over the Sea or oute of this Realme of any Golde Sylver Juellf, or any Coyne of Golde or Sylver contrary to the Lawes or Statutes of thys Realme unlesse it were or be by the Quenes Lycense : And also except oute of this Pdon all great Ryottf at the doyng whereof hathe bene above the nomber of xij psons, and whereof there is nowe any Byll of Compleynt or Sute dependynge before the Quenes Ma'f Counsell in the Sterre Chamber: And also except all Extorc&ns Oppressions and wrongfull and compulsarye takynge of any Money Gooddes or Cattellf of any pson or psons by Collo' of any Wrytt or Wryttf Procf Comyssion or Comyssyons.

Pbovyded alwayes & be yt enacted by thaucthority aforesaid, That yt shalbe laufull to all & every Clerke and other Offycer of any of the Quenes Courtes, to awarde & make Wryttf of Capias Utlagatu at the Sute of the Ptie Playntyf against suche psons Outlawed as be pdoned by this Acte, to thentent to compell the Defendant and Defendants to make aunswer to the Playntyff or Playntyffes at whose Sute he or they were owtlawed; And that eVy parson soe owtlawed shall sue a Wrytt of Scire facias against the Partye or Partyes at whose Sutfe he or they were so owtlawed, before this Pdon in that Behalf shalbe allowed to hym that is so owtelawed.

And also except oute of this Pardon, all suche psons as be already attaynted or condempned of or for any Rebellyon or levienge of Warre, or of or for any Conspyracy of any Rebellyon or levyenge of Warre within thys Realme or in any the Quenes Domynyons, and all suche psons as be nowe in Pryson and were comytted for suspicbn of any Rebellyon or Conspyracye of any Rebellyon; And also except oute of this Pdon all suche psons as have offended in any Conspyracy in the late intended Rebellyon in the County of Norff.

13° Eliz. c. 28, 29.

585

A.D. 1571.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That no parson whiche hath offended in the late Rebellyon comytted in the Northe Parts of this Realme, and whiche have, or at the tyme of his said Offence cdmytted, had any Lands Tents or Hereditamentf of the dere yerely value of Fyve Poundes or above, of any Estate of Enheritaunce of Frehold, shall in any wyse take any Benefytt or Advauntage of this generall and free Pdon, untyll suche tyme as suche Offender for his said Offencf shall submytt hymself before the Lorde Presydent or Vyce Presydent of the Queenes Ma'f Counsell establyshed in the Northe pff, and three other of her Ma'f Counsell there, and then abyde and stande to suche Order and Dyrecc&n as the said Lorde Presydent or Vyce Presydent, wyth three of the said Counsell, shall take wyth the said Offender for the payment of some Fyne to the Quenes Ma’f use; And yet nev'thelesse after every suche Submyssion and Order so had and taken, then every suche Offender shall and maye receyve and enjoye the full Force Advauntage and Benefytt of this generall Pdon in every behalf; Any thynge herein conteyned to the contrary thereof notwythstandynge.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Acte for Thincorporafon of bothe Thunyversities.

FOR the greate Love and Favor that the Queenes most excellent Mau' beareth towardes her Highnes Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for the greate Zeale and Care that the Lords and Comons of this present Pliament have for the Mayntenaunce of good and Godly Literature and the vertuouse Education of Youth within either of the same Universities; And to thentent that the auncient Privelegf Liberties and Fraunchises of either of the said Universities [here before’] graunted ratified and confirmed by the Queenes Highnes and her most noble Progenitors may be had in greater Estymation and be of greater Force and Strengthe, for the better Increase of Laming and the further suppressing of Vice : Be it therefore enacted by the Aucthor’tye of this pnt Plyament, That the Right Honorable Robert Erie of Leicester nowe Chauncellor of the said Universitie of Oxford and his Successors for ever. And the Masters and Schollere of the same Universitie of Oxford for the tyme being, shalbe incorporated and have a ppetuall Succession in Facte Dede and Name, by the Name of the Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, and that the same Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the same Universitie of Oxford for the tyme being, from henceforth by the Name of Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, and by none other Name or Names, shalbe called and named for evermore: And that they shall have a comon Seale to serve for their necessarie Causes touching and concerning the said Chauncellor Maysters and Schollers of the said Universitie of Oxford and their Successors: And likewyse that the Right Honorable S' William Cicill Knight Baron of Burghley nowe Ch’uncello' of the said Universitie of Cambridg and his Successors for ever, and the Masters and Schollers of the same Universite of Cambridg for the tyme being, shalbe incorporated and have a ppetual Succession in Fact Deede and Name, by the Name of the Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridge, and that the same Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of the said Unive'sitie of Cambridg for the tyme being, from henceforth by the Name of Chauncellor Maisters & Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridg, and by none other Name or Names, shalbe called & named for evermore : And that they shall have a Comon Seale to serve for their necessarye Causes touching and concerning the said Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the said Universitie of Cambridg and their Successors: And further that aswell the Chauncellor Maiesters and Schollers of the said Universitie of Oxford and their Successors, by the Name of Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, as the Chauncelor Maisters and Schollers of the sayd Universitie of Cambridge and theire Successors, by the Name of Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridg, may severally impleade and be ympleaded and sue or be sued, for all manner of Causes Quarels Actions Realles Psonall and Mixt of whatsoever Kynde Qualitie or Nature they be, and shall and maye challeng and demaunde all manner of Liberties & Fraunchises, and also aunswere and defend themselves, under and by the Name aforesaid in the same Causes Quarels and Acc&ns, for every Thinge and Things whatsoever, for the Profit and Right of either of the foresaid Universities to be don, before any manner of Judge either Spuall or Temporall in any Courtes and Placf w'uin the Queenes Highnes Domynions whatsoever they be.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Letters Patentf of the Queenes Highnes most noble Father Kinge Henry Theight made and graunted to the Chauncellor and Schollers of the Universitie of Oxford, bearing date the first daye of April! in the foureteine yere of his Raigne, and the tres Patentes of the Queenes Ma*1* that nowe is, made and granted unto the Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridge, bearing date the sixe and twentie daye of Aprill in the third yeare of her Highnes most gratious Raigne, and also all other tres Patentf by any of the Progenitors or Predicessors of our said Soveraigne Ladye, made to either of the said Corporated Bodies severally or to anye of their Predecessors of either of the said Universities, by whatsoever Name or Names the said Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of either of the saide Universities in anye of the said tres Patentes have ben heretofore named, shall fromhenceforth be good effectuall and avaylable in the Lawe, to all Internes Constructions and p'poses, to the foresaid nowe Chauncellor Maisters ic Schollers of either of the said Universities and to their Successors for evermore, after and according to y' Fourme Wordes Sentencf and true meaning of every of the same Ires Patentf, as amply fullye and largely as yf the same tres Patentes were recited verbatim in this present Acte of Plyament; Any Thing to the contrary in any wyse notw^standinge.

1 heretofore 0.

7 K

All

Rebel* in the Northern Pkrt*, hiring Land* abort a£j per Annum, shall pay Fine* to the Queen before taking the Benefit of thi* Pardon.

For confirming the Pririledge* of the Two Unirenitie*

The Chancellor, Matter*, and Scholar* of the Unirenity of Oxford incorporated;

Common Seal:

The Chancellor, Matter*, and Scholar* of the Univertitie* of Cambridge incorporated;

Common Seal:

Said Corporation* may *ue and be aued.

II.

Letter* Patent l Ap. 14 H. VIII. to Unireraity of Oxford, and ift Ap. 3 Eliz. to Unireraity of Cambridge, and all other Letter* Patent* to either of the taid Unirenitie*, confirmed.

;: t

586

13° Eliz. c. 29.

A.D. 1571.

HI.

All Possession* and Privileges of the said Universities confirmed to them, being so incorporated.

IV.

All Deeds, Obligations, &c. made to the said Universities, by any former Description, declared valid.

V.

Patents and Liberties granted the Universities, by any former Description, declared valid, and ratified.

VI.

Proviso for Titles of Strangers, Lessees, &c.

VII. Proviso for Liberties of Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of Cambridge and Oxford.

And further more be yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That the Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of either of the said Universities severally, and their Successors forever, by the same Name of Chauncellor Maisters and Schollors of either of the said Universities of Oxforde and Cambridge, shall and may severally have hold [possesse'] enjoye and use, to them and to their Successors for ever more, all mannor of Mannors Lorshippes Rectories Psonagf Lands Tenement^ Rentes Services Annuyties Advousons of Churches Possessions Penfbns Porc&ns and Hereditamentes, and all manner of Liberties Fraunchises Immunytes Quietancf and Pryvilegf, View of Frankpledge Lawedaies and other Things whatsoever they be, the w* either of the said Corporated Bodies of either of the said Universities had held occupied or enjoyed, or of right ought to have had used occupied and enjoyed, at any tyme or tymes before the making of this Acte of Parlyament; according to the true Intent and Meaninge aswell of the said Ires Patentes made by the said noble Prynce King Henrye Theight, made and graunted to the Chauncellor and Schollers of the Unyversitie of Oxford bearing date as is aforesaid, as of the Ires Patentf of the Queenes Ma* made and graunted unto the Chauncellor Masters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridge bearing date as aforesaid, and as accordinge to the true Intent and Meaninge of all [other the1] foresaid Ires Patentes whatsoever; Any Statute or other Thinge or Things whatsoever heretofore made or don to the contrary in anye manner of wyse notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by thaucthority aforesaid, That all manner of Instrumentf Indenturf Obligac&ns Writings obligatory and Recognisaunses, made or knowledged by any pson or psons or Body Corporate to either of the said Corporated Bodies of either of the said Universities, by what Name or Names sove' the said Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities have ben heretofore called, in any of the said Instrumentes Indenturf ObligacSns Writings obligatori or Recognizauncf, shalbe from henceforth avaylable stand and contynue of good pfect and full force and strength, to the nowe Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities and to their Successors, to all Intentf Construcc6ns and Purposes; althoughe they or their Predecessors or any of them, in any of the said Instrumentf Indenturf Obligacons Writings obligatory or Recognyzaunzes, be named by any Name contrary or dyverse to the Name of the nowe Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities.

And bee it also enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That aswell the said Ires Patentes of the Queenes Highnes said hither Kinge Henry Theight bearing date as is before exposed, made and graunted to the said Corporate Bodye of the said Universitie of Oxon, as the Letters Patentes of the Queenes Ma'" aforesaid, graunted to the Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of the Universitie of Cambridg bearing date as aforesaid, and all other ires Patentf by any of the Progenitors or Predecessors of her Highnes, and all manner of Liberties Fraunchises Immunyties Quietancf and Previlidgf Letes Lawedayes and other Things whatsoever therein expressed, geven or graunted to the said Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities or to anye of their Predecessors of either of the said Universities, by whatsoever Name the said Chauncellor Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities in any of the said Letters Patentes be named, in and by vertue of this present Acte shalbe from henceforth ratyfied stablished and confirmed unto the said Chauncello' Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities and to their Successors for ever; Any Statute Lawe Usage Custom Construct? or other Thing to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

Savinge to all and every person and psons and Bodies Politike and Incorporate their Heyres and Successors, and the Heirf and Successors of every of them, other then to the Quenes Ma"e her Heires & Successors, all such Rightes Titles Interests Entrees Leases Conditions Chargf and Demaundes, wch they and every of them had might or should have had, of in or to any the Mannors Lordshippes Rectories Psonagf Landes Tenementes Rents Servies Aiiuyties Advousons of Churches Pencbns Porc5ns Hereditamentes, and all other Things in the said Ires Patentes or in any of them mencSned or comprysed, by reason of any Right Title Charge Interest or Condicion, to them or any of them or to the Auncestors or Predecessors of them o’ any of them devolute or growne, before the several Dates of the same Ires Patentf, or by reason of any Gyfte Graunte Demyse or other Acte or Actes at any tyme made or don betwene the said Ch*uncelor Maisters and Schollers of either of the said Universities of Cambridge and Oxford or any of them & others, by what Name or Names soever the same were made or don, in like manner and fourme as they and every of them had or might have had the same before the making of this Acte; Any Thinge, &c.

Pbovyded alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That this Acte or anye Thinge therin contayned shall not extend to the Prejudice or Hurt of the Liberties & Privilegf of Right belonging to the Maior Bayliffes & Burgeses of the Towne of Cambridge and Cittie of Oxford; but that they'y' said Maio's Bayliffes and Burgeses and every of them and their Successors shalbe and contynew fre in such sort and degree, and enjoye such Liberties Fredomes and Ymmunyties, as they or any of them lawfully may or might have don before the making of this present Acte; Any Thing contayned in this present Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

■ possede 0.

* the other O.

( 58T )

i

a

» Anno 14° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 15T2.

k

I

fc STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN AND HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE ElGHTH DAY OF May, AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE TWENTY-NINTH Day OF JuNB,

h In the FOURTEENTH Year of the Reign of Q,. ELIZABETH.

U 4 id

HI

it

( ' ) I.— i. An Acte for the punyshement of suche as shall rebel lyously take or deteyne, or conspire to take or deteyne from the Queens Ma"* any of her Castelles Towers Fortresses Holdes, &c.

II. — 2. An Acte againste suche as shall conspyre or practyse the enlargement of any Prisoner committed for

Highe Treason.

III. — 3. An Acte againste the forging and counterfayting of forraine Coygne being (*) curraunte within this

Realme.

IV. — 4. An Acte to revive a Statute made Anno Primo of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne inhibiting the carrieng

of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hydes out of the Realme.

V. — 5. An Acte for the punishement of Vacabondes and for Releif of the Poore & Impotent.

VI. — 6. An Acte for thexplanacon of a Statute made againste Fugitives over the Seas, in the thirtenth yeere

of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne.

VII. — 7. An Acte againste the Deceiptes of Under Collectours of the Tenthes & Subsidies of the Cleargye. VIII. — 8. An Acte for the avoyding of Recoveryes suffered by Collusion by Tenantes for tearme of Lyes and

suche others.

IX. — 9. An Acte declaring that the Ten*nt and Defendaunt maye have a Tales de Circumstantibus as well as

the Demaundaunt or Playnetyfe.

X. —10. An Acte to refourme the excessive Length of Carseis.

XL—11. An Acte for the continuacttn explanation perfiting and enlardging of divers Estatutes.

• The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but are now added to denote the Number of Chapters as printed. The Old Printed Collections do not contain nu. 14. which is printed as Chapter XIV. in the Modem Collections. The Acts not distinguished by Roman Numerals are merely private, and have never been inserted in any Printed Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the Acts on the Roll -, but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

• not Original Act, and Printed Copies; and correctly.

<Bx ftotulo iBarliamentt De anno regnt Ctoabet&e ftegtne, a>eefmo*quarto.

In PARLIAMENTO Incho... et tento apud Westmonast, Octavo die Maij, Anno Regni Serenissime atq, Excellentissime Domine nostre Elizabethe, Dei gra Angt Fran? et Hibn Regine Fidei Defensor &c. Quarto-decimo, et ibi continu usq, in xxix. diem Junii tunc prox sequent quo die progat suit, &c.; Communi omniu Dominoru tarn Spiritualium q*m Temporalium ac Communitatis concensu, et Regie Mau* turn psentis Assensu, Sancita Inactitata Stabilita et Ordinau fuerunt hec septem et decern Statuta que sequntur verbatim. V2.

588

14° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1572.

XII.—13. An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made Anno Octavo of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne, towching the Towne of Shrewesburye.

XIII. —13. An Acte for the annexing of Hexham and Hexhamshire to the Countye of Northumberland.

XIV. —14. An Acte for the assuraunce of Gyftes Grauntes, &c. made and to bee made for the Relyef of the

Poore in Hospitalles, &c.

15. An Acte for the Continuance of the Inning of Plumsted Marshe in the Countye of Kent being

surrounded.

16. An Acte for the better and further Assuraunce of certeyne Landes Tefites &c. to the mayneten*nce of

the Free Grammer Schoole of Tonnbridge in the Countye of Kent.

17. An Acte for thassuraunce of certeyne Landes and Tefites according to the meaning of Sir Thomas

Woodhowse and Sir Wittm Woodhowse Knightes, for the benefyte of certeyne Infinites.

Unlawful Conspiracies to surprise Castles,

&c.

Advisedly conspiring to take or detain, or to burn or destroy any Castles or Fortresses of the Queen, declared Felony without Clergy.

II.

Rebelliously to detain any Castles, Fortresses, Ships, &c. against the Queen, or to destroy them, or to bar any Haven, declared High Treason.

III.

Continuance of Act, the Queen’s Life.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for the Punyshement of suche as shall rebellyously take or deteyne, or conspire to take or deteyne from the Queens Ma"% any of her Castelles Towers Fortresses Holdes, &c.

FOR the better avoyding of all suche unlawfull Practises secret Conspiracies and Devises, as latelye have been stirred and moved by some evell disposed psons againste our moste gratiouse Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, in seeking by false Conspiracyes and undue Meanes to surpryse and take from her Majestie some of her Castelles Towres Fortresses Shippes Ordinances Artillerye & other Munitions of Warre: Bee yt enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Majestye, with Thassent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Commons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and by [Aucthorytye1] of the same, That yf any pson or psons whatsoever at any Tyme hereafter doe, within this Realme or elswhere, unlawfully and of his or their oWne Aucthorytie, compasse imagine conspire practyse or devyse by any Wayes or Meanes with Force or by any Crafte Devyse or Sleight, maliciously and rebellyously to take, or to deteyne or keep from our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, anny of her Castelles Towres Fortresses or Holdes, or malytyously and rebellyously to rase bume or destroye any Castell Bulwercke or Forte, or any parte of them, having any Munic&n or Ordinance of the Queenes Ma"" therein, or appoincted to bee garded with any Souldiours for Defence thereof, within this Realme or within any of her Ma1" Dominions or Countreis or the Marches of the same, and the same Compasses Imaginacbns Practises Conspiracyes or Devices or any of them, shall and doe advisedly by any expresse Woordes Speache Acte Deed or Wryting expresse utter or declare for any the malytiouse and rebelliouse Intentes aforesaid, that then everye suche pson and psons so hereafter offendinge in any the pmisses, their Aydours Councellours Comforters Consentours and Abettours knowing thereof, being thereof lawfully convicted according to the Lawes of this Realme, shalbe judged a Felon and Felons, and that every suche Offence shalbe judged to bee Felony, and the Offendoure and Oflfendours therein, their said Aydours Comforters Counsellours and Abettours, being thereof lawfullye convicted, shall have and suffer paynes of Deathe as in cases of Felonye, without having any Benefyte of Cleargye or Sainctuarye, and also shall forfayte and lose all his Goodes and Cattelles Landes & Tentes as in other cases of Felonye hathe been used and accustomed.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaid, That yf any person or persons doe at any tyme hereafter with Force malyciouslye and rebellyouslye deteyne keepe or wthhold from the Queenes Malit, any of her Castelles Towres Fortresses or Holdes, within this Realme or within any her Ma"" Domynions or Countreis or Marches of the same, or do malytiously rebellyouslye and with Force detayne keepe or withhold from her Ma* any of her Shippes Ordinaunce Artyllerye or other Munitions or Forty fycac6ns of Warres, and doe not rendre and give up the same to our said Soveraigne Ladye, or to suche person as her Ma*" shall appointe to receave the same to her Ma8' use, within syxe dayes next after hee or they so offending shalbee comaunded by our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, by open Proclamations under the Greate Seale of England to bee made in any Place or Markett Towne within the Countye where any suche Offence shalbee committed. Or shall wyllfullye malytiously and rebellyously burne or destroye, or cause to be burned or destroyed, any of the Queenes Shippes, Or malytiouslye and rebellyouslye barre or cause to bee barred any Haven within any of the Queenes Ma"" Domynions, That then everye suche person and persons so offending, their AydoUrs Councellours and Abettours, being thereof lawfully convicte according to the Lawes of this Realme, shalbee adjudged Traytou", and their Offences in any of the Premysses, shalbee accepted judged and taken for Highe Treason, and the Offendours therein, their Aydours Councellours and Abettours, being thereof lawfullye convycte according to the Lawes of this Realme, shall have and suffer suche paynes of Deathe, and also shall forfayte and lose, as in Cases of Highe Treason is lymyted and accustomed.

This Acte to endure during the Queenes Ma'* Lyes that nowe is onlye.

1 thauctoritie O.

b1

14°Eliz. c. 2, 3

589

I

A.D. 15?2.

t

CHAPTER IL

An Acte againste suche as shall conspyre or practyse the enlargement of any Prisoner committed for

Highe Treason.

FORASMUCH AS greate Daunger maye ensue to the Queenes Mau" Person, and great trouble to the State of the Realme, by unlawfiill Conspiracyes Devyces and Imaginacftns, to enlarge and sett at lybertye suche psons as bee or shalbee coomytted to any Pryson Gard or Custodye for any Treason touching the Royall Person of our said Soveraigne Ladye; againste whiche Devyces Conspiracyes and Imaginations sufficyent Remedye by the Lawes of this Realme hathe not been heeretofore had ne provided, unles the same Conspyracyes Imaginations and Devyces were executed and brought to Effecte : Bee yt therefore enacted by our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Commons in this Parlyament assembled and by the Aucthorytye of the same, That yf any person or persons, at any tyme after the Ende of this psent Session of Parlyament, shall imagine conspyre devyse invent or goe about unlawfully and maliciouslye to enlardge or sett at Lybertye anny person or persons comytted or to be comytted to any Pryson Garde or Custodye by her Highnes especyall Comaundement, for any Treason or suspition of Treason concerning the person of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, before any Indyctament of suche person so sought or intended to bee sett at Large or Lybertye as ys aforesaid; And the same Conspiracies Imaginacbns Devyses or Inventions, shall by expresse Woordes Wryting or other Matter or Acte expressely or manyfestly set for the utter or declare. That then every person so offending shall incurre the Penaltye & Forfayture of myspryssion of Treason, and that all and every Offence and Offences to bee commytted and donne as is aforesaid shalbee deemed and taken for mysprysion of Treason.

And bee yt also enacted by the Aucthorytee aforesaid, That yf any person or persons, at any tyme after thend of this p>sent Session of Parlyament, shall imagyne conspyre devyse invent or goe aboute unlawfullye and malytiouslye to enlarge or set at Lybtie any person or persons comytted or to bee comytted to any Pryson Garde or Custodye, being or which hereafter shalbe indycted of any Treason in any wyse concerning the person of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, and the same Conspyracies Imaginacbns Devyses or Inventions shalby expresse Woordes Wryting or other Matter or Acte expressely or manyfestly sett for the utter or declare, that then every suche person so offending, shalbee deemed & adjudged a Felon, and suffer [losse and forfayture'] as in cases of Felonye by the due course of the Lawes of this Realme.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaid, That yf any person or persons, at any tyme after thend of this psent Session of Parlyament, shall imagine conspyre devyse invent or goe about unlawfully and malitiouslye to enlardge or sett at Lybertye any pson or psons being comytted to any Pryson Garde or Custodye, after the same person or persons ys or shalbee attaincted or convicted of anny Treason in anny- wyse concurring the Royall Person of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, and the same Conspiracyes Imaginations Devyses or Inventions shalby expresse Woordes Writing Matter or Acte, as is aforesaid, sett for the utter or declare, that then everye suche person so offending shalbee deemed and adjudged an Highe Traytour and shall suffer [losse*] and forfayte as in cases of Highe Treason by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme.

This Acte to endure during the Queenes Majesties Lyes that nowe ys onelye.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte againste the forging and counterfayting of Forraine Coygne, being*' cur raunte within this Realme.

FORASMUCH AS by the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme small or no condigne Punyshement ys at this tyme provided for suche evell disposed persons as shall counterfayte or forge suche kynd of Golde or Silver of other Realmes as ys not the proper Coygne of this Realme, nor currante in payment within this Realme; by reason whereof divers evell disposed persons, aswell without this Realme as within, are encouraged and bouldened daylye to counterfayte or forge suche kind of Gold and Sylver and utter the same in this Realme, in great Deceipte of her Majesties Subjectes: Bee yt enacted by our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall & the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled, and by thaucthorytye of the same. That yf any pson or psons hereafter falsely forge or counterfayte any suche kind of Coygne of Gold or Silver as ys not the proper Coigne of this Realme, nor permitted to bee curraunte within this Realme, That then everye suche Offence shalbee deemed and adjudged mysprision of Highe Treason, and the Offendours therein theire Procurers Aydours and Abettours, being convicte according to the Lawes of this Realme of such Offences, shalbee imprysoned and forfayte suche Lands Goodes and Chattelles as in cases of mysprysion of Treason, for concellement of Highe Treason.

1 lose and forfaite 0. * loose 0.

» O

7 L

All unlawful Conspiracies to set free Prisoner*, for Treason against the Person of the Queen, before Indictment, declared to be Misprision of Treason.

II.

After Indictment, such Offence declared Felony.

III.

After Attainder such Offence declared Treason.

IV.

Continuance ofAct, the Queen’s Life.

Forging foreign Money not current within the Realm, shall be deemed Misprision of T reason, punishable by Imprisonment and Forfeiture of Lands and Goods.

590 14° Eliz. c.4, 5. A.D. 1572.

II.

Persons above the Age of 14 taken begging, shall be committed to Gaol until the next Session.

Parishes shall pay Expences of conveying Offenders.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte to revive a Statute made Anno Primo of the Queens Ma"" Raigne, inhibiting the carrieng of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hides out of the Realme.

St. i Eliz. c. io. against the Exportation of Leather, kc. revived for Seven Years, &c.

WHERE in the Parliament begune at Westminster the three and twentye daye of Januarye in the firste yeere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes moste Excellent Mau% there was one verye good Acte and Statute made prohibyting the transporting and carieng of Leather Rawe Hydes and Tallowe out of this Realme, endtuled. An Acte that the conveying of Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hydes out of [this1] Realme for Merchaundise, shalbee Felonye; whiche Acte and Statute was made to continue but for a certeyne tyme, and nowe ys expired and determyned for want of contynuaunce at the last Parlyament: And Forasmuche as by Experience yt hathe well appeared that, since the determinaefin of the said good Lawe and Statute, there hathe been and yet daylye is suche greate transportac&n of Leather Rawe Hydes and Tallowe out of this Realme, that therby greate Scarsytye and Dearthe thereof is nowe growen amonges the Queenes Ma"" moste loving and obedient Subjectes, and specyallye amonges those of the pooreste sorte, who are nowe compelled to paye for their Bootes and Shoes almoste double the Pryse that they did beefore the determinaf&n of the said good Law & Statute: For Remedy whereof, Bee yt enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma1*, with Thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and by thaucthorytye of the same. That the said Acte and Statute made in the said Parlyament begune the said three and twentye daye of Januarye in the said firste yere, entytuled as ys beforesaid, and all and everye Braunche Article Clause and Sentence therein conteyned, shall from and after the Feaste Daye of Saint Bartholomewe Thapostle next comynge bee revived, and stand and bee in full Force and Effect for and during the space of seven yeres then next following; and also after thend of the said seven yeres, then to thend of the next Parlyament next following thend and determinac&n of the said seven yeeres j Any thing heretofore had made or donne or suffered to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the Punishement of Vacabondes, and for Releif of the Poore & Impotent.

[The Statutes 22 H. VIII. c. 12. 3 & 4 E. VI. c. 16. 5 Eliz. c. 3. as to Beggars and Vagabonds, repealed.]

WHERE all the partes of this Realme of England and Wales be p>sentlye with Roges Vacabondf and Sturdy Beggers excedinglye pestred, by meanes wherof daylye happeneth in the same Realme horryble Murders Theftf and other greate Outragf, to the highe displeasure of Almightye God, & to the greate annoye of the Comon Weale ; And for avoydinge Cofusion by reason of numbers of Lawes concerninge the pmisses standing in force togeather; Bee yt enacted, That the Statute made in the two and twentye yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge Henrye the Eyght, entituled An Acte concerninge aged poore and impotent persons compelled to lyve by Aimes, howe they shalbe ordered, and how Vacabondf and mightye stronge Beggers shalbe punyshed, and [on*] other Acte, entytuled An Acte towching the Punyshement of Vacabons and other ydle psonnes, made in the third and fourth yeres of the Raigne of the late Kinge Edwarde the Syxth, And one other Acte made in the fyfth yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Ma"e that nowe ys, entituled An Acte for the Relyef of the Poore, And every Braunche Article Clause and Sentence in them & every of them conteyned, shalbee from and after the Feaste of Saincte Bartholomewe Thapostell next comynge utterly void frustrate and of none Effect.

Bk yt also enacted by thaucthorytye of this p'sent Parlyament, Aswell for the utter suppressing of the said outragious Enemyes to the Comon Weale, as for the charitable releeving of the aged and impotent poore people, in maner and fourme following: Firste, That all & every pson and psons whatsoever they bee, being above thage of fourtene yeres, being hereafter sett foorth by this Acte of Parliament to bee Roges Vacabonds or Sturdy Beggers, and bee at any tyme after the Feaste of Sainte Bartholomewe the Apostle next coming taken begging in any pte of this Realme, or taken vagrant wandring and misordering themselves contrary to the p'porte of this p'sent Acte of Parliament in any part of the same, shall uppon their Apphention be brought before one of the Justices of the Peace or Maior or Cheef Officer of Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate within the Countye Cytye Boroughe or Towne Corporate where the Apphention shall happen to bee, and by the said Justice or Head Officer to bee p'sentlye comytted to the Comon Gaole of the said Countye, beinge apphended within the Countye, or els suche other Place as by the Justices of Peace of that Countye or three of them at anny their Generali Sessions shalbee appoineted, And yf hee bee taken within any Cytye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, then to bee edmitted to the Prison of the said Citye Boroughe or Towne Corporate; there to remayne without Bayle or Mayneprise untyll the next Sessions of the Peace or Generali Gaole Delivery for the said Shiere Cytye Boroughe or Towne Corporate to be holden whiche shall firste happen: And the Constables or other Officers, for the conveyinge of suche Roge or Vacabonde by commaundement of the said Justicf, to have suche reasonable Chardges for themselves and the Prisoner, from tyme to tyme borne by the Pishe or Pishes where the said Roge or Vacabond shall happen to bee taken, as to the dyscretion of the Justicf of Peace p'sent at the next Assises or at the Sessions of the Peace then

1 the O. * one 0.

LjOv sie

i

A.D. 1572.

14°Eliz. c. 5.

591

next kept within the Lymyte where the Prisoner is apphended, shall seeme convenient; At whiche Sessions or Gaole Delyverye yf suche pson or psones bee duelye convict of his or her Rogishe or Vacabondf Trade of Lyes, eyther by Inquest of Office, or by the testimonye of two honest and credible Wifesses uppon their Othes, that then ymtnedyatlye he or shee shalbe adjudged to bee grevouslye whipped, and bumte through the gristle of the right Eare with a hot Yron of the compasse of an Ynche about, manifestinge his or her rogyshe kynde of Lyes, and his or her Punyshment receaved for the same, whereof Entrye shall be made of Recorde by the Clarcke of the Peace of the same Shiere in the Records of the same Sessions; which Judgement shall also psentlye bee executed. Except some honest pson, valued at the last Subsidie next before that tyme to Five Pounds in Goods or Twentye Shillingf in Lands, or els some suche honeste Housholder as by the Justicf of Peace of the same Countie or two of them shalbe allowed, wyll of his Charitye be contented psentlye to take suche Offendour before the same Justicf into his Service for one whole yere next followinge ; And to that ende wyll psently before the said Justices enter into Band by Recognisaunce to thuse of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queene to pay to our said Soveraigne Ladye the some of Five Pounds, yf he kepeth not the said Offendour in his Service by the space of the said whole ycrc, & to bringe him or her unto the Sessions at the yeres ende, or then good proofe of his or her deathe duringe the said yere, the said Clarcke of the Peace takinge for the said Recognizaunce but Twelve Pence onlye: And yf suche Roge or Vacabound so taken into Service, departe within the said yere frome the said Service, againste the wyll of him that so taketh him or her into Service, that then suche Roge or Vacabound shalbee whipped and burnt throughe the gristle of the right Eare with a hot Yron as ys aforesaid.

Provided alwayes nevertheles, That yf the said pson so edmitted or to bee comitted, come before the next Sessions of the Peace or the next Gaole Delyverye to be holden for the said Countye, or before their comitdnge, and do fynd any suche Suertie as ys next before recited to bee bounde in fourme aforesaid for him or her for one whole yere, then the said pson shall not tarrye in the Gaole tyll the next Sessions or tyll the next Gaole Delyverye.

Beggir convicted as a Vagabond at Sessions, shall be whipped, See. unless some honest Person will take him into Service for a Year.

Beggar quitting suen Service shall be whipped. See.

III.

Beggars may be taken into Service before Correction.

And bee yt further enacted, That the said psonne or psons so marked or adjudged to be burnt as aforesaid, shall not bee dealt withall againe by waye of Punyshement by the Space of Fourtie Dayes next after the said Punyshem' executed or adjudged to bee burnt as ys aforesaid, yf hee or shee have Lycense for the said Fourtye Dayes from two Justicf of the Peace of the same Shier, testifyeng the Punyshement receaved or Judgement geven; But yf after after the said Punyshement executed or Judgement gyven, the said psone or psones so marked or havinge receaved suche Judgem1 do after threescore dayes next after hee shee or they shalbee soe marked, eyther in the same Countye where hee or shee was so marked or having receaved such Judgement or els in any other Countye within the said Realme of England or Wales, being of thage of Eyghteene yeres or above, do eftsones fall againe to any kynde of Rogyshe or Vacabonde Trade of Lyes, that then the said Roge Vacabonde or Sturdy Begger from thenceforthe to be taken adjudged & denied in all respectes as a Felon; and shall in all Degrees receave have suffer and forfayte as a Felon, Excepte some honest pson, valued at the last Subsydye next before that tyme to Tenne Pounds in Goodes or Fourtye Shillingf in Lands, or els some suche honest Housholder as by the Justices of Peace of the same Countye or two of them shalbe alowed, of mere Charitye wyll be contented before suche Justices as the said Vacabond ys or shalbee arraigned of Felonye, to take him or her into his Service for two whole yeres then next following, and then before the same Justices wyll then psently put in [Bounde1] by Recognisaunce of Tenne Pounds to be levied of his Landes Tenementes Goodes and Cattaylles to thuse of our said Soveraigne I.adye, yf he kepeth not the said Offendour in his Service for two whole yeres, and bringe him or her unto the Sessions at the said two yeres end, or good proofe of his or her Deathe: And yf suche Roge or Vacabounde so taken into Service, departe within the same two yeres from his or her said Service, against the wyll of him that so toke him or her into Service, that then such Roge or Vacabonde shalbee taken adjudged and deemed as a Felon in all respectes, and shall in all Degrees have suffer and forfayte as a Felon without Allowaunce or Benefite of Cleargye or Sanctuarye : And yf suche Roge or Vacabounde after fourtye dayes next after he or shee shalbee two severall tymes taken into Service as ys aforesaid, do eyther in the saide Countye or elswhere, eftsones the thirde tyme fall againe to a kynde of Rogyshe or Vacabounde Trade of Lyes, that then suche Roge or Vacabound shalbe adjudged & deemed for a Felon, and suffer paynes of Death and losse of Land and Goodes as a Felon without Allowancf or Benefyte of Cleargye or Sanctuary.

IV.

Beggar* offending a Second Time after Conviction, deemed Felons, unlc*s some one will take them into Service for Two Year*, See.

Third Offence, Felony without Clergy.

And for the full expressing what persone and psones shalbe intended within this Braunche to be Roges Vacaboundf Dcfinhlon' and Sturdye Beggers, to have and receave the punyshement aforesaid for the said lewde maner of Lyes; It ys nowe of Rogues, publyshed declared and set foorth by the Aucthorytie of this psent Parlyament, That all & every suche psone & ] Stuid^Ekgpui psones that be or utter themselves to be Proctours or Procuratours, goinge in or about any Countrey- oF'Countrey s within this Readme, without sufficyent Aucthoritye deryved from or under our Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, and all v other ydle psones goinge aboute in any Countrey of the said Realme, using subtyll craftye and unlawfull Games or Playes, and some of them fayninge themselves to have knowledge in Phisnomye Palmestrye or other abused Scyences, whereby theyTieare the people in Hand they can tell their Destinyes Deathes and Fortunes, and suche other lyke fantasticall Imaginations; And all and everye psone and psones beynge whole and mightye in Body and able to labour, havinge not Land or Maister, nor using any lawfull Marchaundize Crafte or Mysterye whereby hee or shee might get his or her Lyvinge, and can gyve no reckninge howe hee or shee dothe lawfully get his or her Lyvinge; & all Fencers Bearewardes Comon Players in Enterludes & Minstrels, not belonging to any Baron of this Realme or towards any other honorable Personage of greater Degree; all Juglers Pedlars Tynkers and Perye Chapmen ; whiche said Fencers Bearewardes Comon Players in Enterludes Mynstrels Juglers Pedlers Tynkers & Petye Chapmen, shall wander abroade

1 Bonde 0.

592

14° Eliz. c. 5.

A.D. 1572.

and have not Lycense of two Justices of the Peace at the leaste, whereof one to be of the Quorum, wher and in \j( what Shier they shall happen to wander; And all Comon Labourers being persons able in Bodye using loytering, and refusinge to worke for suche reasonable Wages as ys taxed and comonly gyven in suche partes where such persones do or shall happen to dwell; and all counterfeytures of Lycenses Passeportes and all users of the same, knowing the same to be counterfeyte; And all Scollers of the Universityes of Oxford or Cambridge f goe about begginge, not beinge aucthorysed under the Seale of the said UniPsities, by the Comyssarye Chauncelour or Vicechauncelour of the same; And all Shipmen ptendinge Losses by Sea, other then suche as shalbe hereafter provided for j And all psones delivere4 out of Gaoles that begge for their Fees or do travayle to their Countreys or Freendf, not havinge Lycense from two Justicf of the Peace of the same Countye where he or shee was delyPed; shalbee taken adjudged and deemed Roges Vacaboundes and Sturdy Beggers, intended of by this present Act, togeather with all and everye suche other psone & psonnes as shalbe hereafter for altering & breaking of such good Orders as in the second parte of this p'sent Acte shalbe establyshed, for the Releef of the aged and ympotent poore people set forth and declared to bee Vacaboundes.

Penalty on And further bee yt enacted, That yf any psone or persons, after the said Feaste of Saint Bartholomewe, geve any

Vagabonds, joi. Harboroughe Money or Lodgynge or any other Releef to any Roge Vacabounde or Sturdye Begger, eyther marked as before or not marked, not havynge such a Lycense as ys before recited from Two Justices of the Peace then in continuaunce, and that duely proved before the Justicf of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, shall make suche Fyne to the Queenes Majestye as by the dyscretions of the said Justices, or the more Part of them, at their Generali rescuing them, £$. Sessions shalbe assessed, so as the same exceed not twenty shillinges: And also yf any pson or psones do dysturbe or let the execucbn of this Acte in any maner of wyse, or make rescusse against any Maior Sherifife Baylyffe or other pson that shall endevour himself for or about the due execucttn hereof, shall forfayte & lose Fyve Pounds, and over that shall have Ymprisonm' at the Queenes Majesties Pleasure.

VJL No Accessories to Felonies, Sec.

VIII. Proviso for Relief of aged Poor, bT Hospital*.

IX.

Proviso for Mariners and Soldiers licensed to beg.

X.

Such Licences shall be renewed from Shire to Shire.

XI.

Proviso for Harvest-folks, Persons robbed, and Servants turned away.

XII. Proviso for Licences from Lord Chancellor.

XIII. Proviso for Passports to Soldiers and Travellers.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte, nor any Thing herein conteyned, shall extend to make any pson or psones Accessarie or Accessaryes to the said Felonyes made by this Statute, nor that any Attayneder by any the Felonyes aforesaid, shall worke or be any Corrupc&n of Blood in the Yssues or Lyne of the psone attainted.

Provided also. That yt shalbe styll lawfull to all Maisters and Governours of the Hospitalles, to lodge or harbour any ympotent or aged pson or psones, of Charitye or Aimes accordinge to their Foundad&n, and to geve Money in Aimes, in as large manner as they are bound to doe by their Foundac&n, or to any such aged or impotent pson; Any Thinge herein conteyned to the contrarye in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided allwayes. That Shipmen and Souldiours having Lycense of the next two Justicf of the Peace to the Place where they firste happened to land, or where they firste entred into this Realme, shall & may passe accordinge to the Purporte of their Lycense, and Intent of this Acte of Parlyament; Any Thinge herein conteyned to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Bee yt also further provided, That no Lycense recyted in this Statute shall geve any manner Lybertye, or be of any maner Force, but onely in the Shier whereof the Graunter or Graunters of suche Lycence shalbe Justice or Justices of Peace; Wherefore yf the said Partye lycenced wyll have any further Passage, without the Daunger of this Lawe, then the Shier where his firste Lycense is graunted, it shalbe behovefull for him to procure and get in every other Shier where he intendeth to passe, one other Lycense from two Justices of the Peace of the said Shier, and so from Shier to Shier to thend of his Journey.

Bee yt also provided. That this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned do in any wyse extend to any [Cockers’] or Harvest Folkes that travaile into any Countrey of this Realme for Harvest Worke, eyther Corne Harvest or Hay Harvest, yf they do worke and labour accordingly ; neyther yet to any that happeneth to be robbed or spoyled by the Way ; neyther yet to any serving Men that be of honest Behaviour, that be turned from their Maisters, or whose Maister or Maystressc shalbe dead, for the space of Syxe Monethes next after suche turninge awaye or deathe of suche Maister or Maistresse, so as every suche serving Man hathe a Testimoyall from his Maister or Maistresse, or from two Justices of the Peace of the same Countye, declaring suche turninge away or suche Deathe of his Maister or Maistresse.

PnoviDED alwayes. That yt shalbe lawfull to the Lord Chauncelour or Lorde Keper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme beinge to make Lycence under the said Greate Seale, as heretofore hath benne accustomed, and that the said Lycence and Lycences shall as largely extend as the Contentes of them wyll beare; Any Thing herein to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and be yt further enacted by the aucthoritye [aforesaid,*] That this psent Acte or any thing therein conteyned shall not extend to make frustrate or void any sause Conduicte Passeporte or Lycence, made and granted or to be made and graunted by the Lord Deputye of Ireland, or by the Lord Govemour of the Townes and Garysons of Barwyke or Carlysle for the tyme beinge, or any other Chiefe Captayne or Govemour of any Castle or Fortresse of the Queenes Majesties, or by any other in his or their Absence havinge the Charge of the said Townes and Garisons, or by any the Gardians of the Three Marches towardes Scotland, or by any Generali Lyeuetenaunt or other Chyef Officer appoineted by the Queenes Majestye to have the Charge and Conducdon of any Army Garison or Power

1 Cokers O.

* aforeseid 0.

14® Eliz. c. 5.

593

of Men levied or to be levied by her Highnes Order and Appoyntment, And for the specyall Service and Affayres of her Majestye, her Heires or Successours, or by any private Captayne uppon the dispersing of any Armye onlye, to any Souldiour or Souldiours, or any other pson or psons whatsoever within this her Realmes of England and Ireland, passinge by vertue therof about his or their lawfull Busynes and Affayres, but that hee or they shall and maye quietly without any Let or Dysturbaunce enjoye the Benefyte Effect and true Meaninge thereof, in as large and ample Maner and Fourme as heretofore yt hathe been used 8e accustomed; Any Thing in this psent Acte mentioned to the contrarye in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes, That thys present Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned shall not in any wyse extend to the Punyshement of any suche pson or psons as by this Statute are lymyted for Roges, unles the same be of the Age of Fourteene yeres or above; but that they and everye of them under that Age, shalbee punyshed with whippinge or stockinge as heretofore hath been used and appoynted by the Lawes and Statutes, in that case pvided and nowe repealed: This Acte or any Thing therein conteyned to the contrarye hereof in any wyse notwithstandinge.

And yt ys further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That yf within any Towne or Parishe where any suche Vacabound or Roge shall happen to begge or make his abode contrarye to the fourme of this Statute, yf the Counstable or Tything Men be negligent and do not his or their best Endevour for the Apphention of suche Vacabond or Roge, which there shall begge or make abode contrary to the fourme in this Statute lymyted, or shall willinglye suffer the said Vacabound or Roge to escape from the punyshement or order in this Statute pscribed, that then the said Constable or Tything Man in whome suche Default shalbe, shall lose and forfayte for every such Vacabound and Vagraunt Person, that shalbe suffered to begge or make abode within his aucthoritie contrary to the fourme of this Statute, Syxe Shillingf viij d.

And Forasmuche as Charitye would that poore aged and ympotent psones should as necessarylye be provided for, as the said Roges Vacabondes and Sturdye Beggers repressed, and that the said aged ympotent and poore People should have convenient Habitacbns and Abydinge Places throughout this Realme to settle themselves uppon, to the end that they nor any of them should hereafter begge or wander about; It ys therefore enacted by the aucthoritye of this psent Parlyament, That the Justices of Peace of all and singuler the Shyers of England and Wales within the Lymytes of their Comyssions, and all other Justices of the Peace, Maiors Sheryffes Baylyffes, and other Officers of all & every Cytye Borough Rydinge and Fraunchesies within this Realine, whereof they be Justices at Peace, within the Lymittes of their Aucthoritie, shall at or before the said Feaste of Saint Bartholomewe next comynge devide themselves, and so beinge devided shall within every of their severall Divisions and Authorities make diligent Searche and Enquierye of all aged poore ympotent and decayed persons borne within their said Divisions and Lymittes, or whiche were there dwelling within Three yeres next before this psent Parliament, whiche lyve or of necessitye be compelled to lyve by Aimes of the Charytye of the People that be or shalbe abydynge within the Lymyttes of their Comyssions and Aucthorytyes, and shall uppon that Search made, make a Register Booke conteyninge the Names & Surnames of all suche aged decayed and ympotent pcore People as be within their said Lymittes and Authorities, which shall alwayes remayne with the said Justicf Maiors Bayliffes or other Head Officers or any one of them; And when the number of the said poore People forced to lyve uppon Aimes be by that meanes truely knowen, then the said Justices Maiors Sheryffes Baylyffes and other Offycers shall within lyke convenient tyme devise and appointe, within evrye there said severall Divisions, meete and convenient places by their dyscredons to settle the same poore People for their Habitacbns and Abydynges, yf the pishe within the whiche they shalbee founde shall not or wyll not provide for them ; and shall also within lyke convenient tyme number all the said poore People within there said severall Lymyttes, and thereuppon (having regarde to the number) set downe what porcftn the weekely Charge towardes the Releefe and Sustentacon of the said poore People wyll amounte unto within everye their said severall Division 8c Lymyttes; and that donne, they the said Justices Maiors Sheriffes Baylyffes and other Officers within every their severall Commyssions Authorities Divisions 8c Lymyttes, shal by their good discretions taxe and assesse all and every the Inhabitauntes, dwelling in all and every Cytye Boroughe Towne Village Hamlet and Place knowen within the said Lymyttes and Divisions, to suche weekely Charge as they and everye of them shall weekely contribute towardes the Releef of the said poore People, and the names of all suche Inhabitauntes taxed shall also entre into the said Register Booke togeather with their Taxac&n, and also shall by their discretion within every their said Divisions and Lymyttes appoint or see Collectoures for one whole yere to bee aypointed of the said weekely porc&n, which shall collect and geather the said proporf&n, and make delyverye of so muche thereof, accordinge to the discretion of the said Justices Maiors Sheryffes Baylyffes and other Officers, to the said poore People, as the said Justices Maiors Sheryffes Bayliffes and other Officers shall appointe them ; And alsoe shall appointe the Overseers of the said poore People by their discretions, to continue also for one whole yere; and yf they doe refuse to bee Overseers, then everye' of them so refusinge to forfayt tenne shillinges for every suche default.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That the Maior of the Cytye of London and the Maiors Sheriffes Baylyffes and other Head Officers of every other Cytye Boroughe or Tcwne Corporate, or his or their sufficient Deputye or Deputies, within their Cytyes Boroughes and Townes Corporate, and the Counstables or Tything Men of all and every Hundred Rape and Wapentake, within all and everye the said Shieres in England and Wales in all and everye suche abydynge Place and Places within their Hundredes Lymittes and Precinctes as shalbe apointed to settle the poore People in, shall once every Moneth next after the said Places so appoineted be inhabited with the said poore People, accordinge to the Intent of this psent Acte of Parlyament, make a Viewe 8c Searche of all the aged impotent and lame psons within the pdncte of their Jurisdicc6ns, and all suche pson and psons as they

XIV. Rogues under 14 Year* of Age shall be punished in the Stock), tee.

XV.

Penalty on Constables neglecting to apprehend Vagabond!, 6s. 8d.

XVI. Justicei of Peace shall register all aged and impotent Poor, born, or for Three Years resident, in their several Districts, and settle them in convenient Habitations, and ascertain the weekly Charge, and assess the Amount on the Inhabitants, and yearly appoint Collectors to receive and distribute the Assessment, and also an Overseer of the Poor.

Penalty on refusing to beOverseer, ios.

XVII. Mayors of Cities and Constables of Hundreds shall monthly view the Poor of each District, and remove any, not being Leprous or Bed-rid, to their proper Districts.

7 M

594

14° Eliz. c. 5

A.D. 1572.

XVIII.

Poor leaving such Settlements shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds.

XIX. Penalty on Collectors refusing or neglecting to act, 40s.

Penalty on Constables, &c. neglecting to sue Collectors for Neglect,

XX. Collectors shall account Half-yearly, Sec. Penalty £ 10, &c.

XXI. Persons refusing to contribute, See. may be committed by Two Justices until Compliance.

XXII.

Poor refusing to do such Work as they are able, punishable by whipping, &c.

XXIII. Justices shall employ Surplus of Collections for Impotent Poor in providing Work for the Vagabonds.

shall fynde not being borne within that Dyvision, nor within the said Cyties Boroughes or Townes Corporate, then shall they psently see the same poore People not there borne nor dwellinge within the said Three yeres (except Leprous People and Beddred People) to be conveyed, on Horsebacke in Carte or otherwyse as shall seeme best to their discretions, to the next Counstable, and so from Counstable to Counstable the directest waye, tyll the said pson and psons be broughte to the place where hee or shee was borne or moste conversaunt by the space of Three yeres next before, and there to be put in the Abydynge Place or one of the Abydinge Places in that Countrey appointed or to bee appoineted for the Habitac&n of the poore People of that Countrey, there to be provided kept & nouryshed of Aimes as ys aforesaid, upon payne of Twentye Shillinges everye the said Offycer that neglectinge.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid,That yf any of the said poore People, uppon the Appoyntment of the said Justices or other Officers, refuse to bee bestowed in any of the said Abydinge Places before mentioned, but covet styll to hold on their Trade of Begging, or after they be once bestowed in the said Abidinge Place or Places doe departe and begge, then the said pson and psons so offendinge, for the firste Offence to be accompted a Roge or Vacabond, and to suffer as a Roge or Vacabound in the firste degree of punyshement set for the by this Acte in all poyntes, and yf hee she or they doe the second tyme offend, then to be estemed as a Roge or Vacabounde, and to suffer as a Roge or Vacabound in the last degree of ponnishement set foorthe by this Acte in all poynetes.

And yt ys further enacted by aucthorytye of this p'sent Parlyament, That yf any manner of pson or psons appointed and ellected to be [Collectours'J as ys aforesaid, shall refuse the saide Office, or shall after he hathe agreed to yt neglecte the same, he shall forfayte and lose for everye suche Offence to the use of the Poore of the same Place Fourtye Shillinges of lawfull Money of England, to bee levied by Dystresse or recovered by Action Byll Playnt or Informac&n in any Courte of Recorde, or Lordes Courte by the Highe Constables or Tything Men aforesaid ; in whiche Suite no Essoigne Protection nor Wager of La we shalbe allowed or admitted to the Partye Defendaunt: And yf the said Highe Counstables shalbe remysse or neglygent to sue, or shall refuse to sue the said Collectours and everye of them, within Two Monethes next after suche Refusall or Neglygence in or by the said Collectour, that then the said Highe Constables or Tythingmen shall forfayte and lose Fyve Poundes of lawfull Money of England to thuse of the Poore of the same Place, to be sued for by & in the Name of Two of the next Justices of the said Place or Places, beinge out of Cytyes Boroughes and Townes Corporate, yf within then by the Major Bayliffes or other Head Officers of the said Cyties Boroughes or Townes Corporate, in any Court of Record or Lordes Courte, by Action of Debt Byll Playnt or Information, in whiche no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

And Further be yt enacted, That the said Collectours and every of them so to be chosen as ys aforesaid, shall make their juste Accompte halfe yerely of their said Collection and Gathering, to two Justices of the Peace dwelling next to the said Abydynge Place or Places, not beinge within any Cytye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, or to the Maior Sheriffes or other Chief Officers of the said Cytyes Boroughs or Townes Corporate; And when they go out of their Offices they shall delyver or cause to bee delyvered foorthwithe upon their Accomptes, all suche Surplusages of their Collection & gatheringe as shall then remayne undystributed, to be ordered by the said Justicf Maiors

Bayliffes or other Head Officers, upon the said payne of Tenne Poundes; if any suche Collectour shall refuse to

make his said Accompte, or neglect the same by the Space of fourteene Dayes after Requeste to him therefore made, then the said two Justices or one of them to comytte the said Collectoure to the next Gaole for the said Countye,

there to remayne without Bayle or Mainepryse tyll he have made his said Accompte and ymmedyate payment and

delyverye of all suche Surplussages as he hathe receaved.

And bee yt further enacted, That yf any pson or psons beinge able to further this charitable Worcke will obstinatly refuse to geve towardes the Helpe and Relief of the said poore people, or doo wylfully discourage others from so charitable a Deede, the said obstinate pson or wyllfull dyscourager shall yPsently be brought before two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, of the same Countye, to shewe the cause of his obstinate Refusall or wilfull discouragement, and to abyde suche Order therein as the said Justices shall appointe; yf hee refuse so to doo, then to be comitted to the next Gaole for the said Shier, ther to remayne untyll hee be contented with their said Order and doo pfourme the same.

And yt ys also further enacted, That yf any of the said aged and ympotent persons not being so diseased lame or ympotent but that they maye worke in some maimer of worke, shalbe by the Overseers of their said Abydyng Place appointed to worke yf they refuse, then in fourme aforesaid to be whipped and stocked for their firste Refusall, & for the second Refusall to be punyshed as in case of Vacabondes in the said firste degree of Punyshement.

Provided alwayes and be yt further enacted by thaucthoritye of this psent Parlyament, That three Justices of Peace, whereof one to bee of the Quorum, of and with the Surplusages of the said Collections and Forfaytures, (the said poore and ympotent people satysfyed and provided for,) shall by their dyscretions in suche convenient place & places within their said Sheres as they shall thincke meete, place and settle to worke the Roges & Vacabondf that shalbee dysposed to worke, borne within there said Countyes or their abydynge for the moste parte wthin the said three yeres, there to be holden to worcke by the oversight of the said Overseers, to get their Livinges & to lyve and to bee sustayned onely upon their labour and travayle.

1 Collecto' U.

14° Eliz. c.5.

595

Bee yt also further enacted by the Aucthorytye of this psent Parlyament, That yf any Beggers Chylde beinge above thage of fyve yeres and under fourteene yeres, beinge Male or Female, shalbe lyked of by any Subjecte of this Realme of honest callinge, who shalbe wyllynge to take the said Chylde into Service, the said Subject shall at the nexte Generali Sessions to be holden for the said Countye, by order of the Justices there or the moste parte of them, have the said Chylde bound with him, yf yt be a Man Childe, tyll thage of foure and twentye yeres, yf yt be a Woman Chylde, tyll thage of Eyghteene yeres; If the Chylde doo after departe or bee taken or be intysed from the said Maister or Maistresse, the Maister or Maistresse to have their Remedye by Order of the Statute of Labourers as for their Servaunt, eyther by Waye of Action or otherwyse, aswell against the Chylde as againste the Taker or Intyser thereof.

Bee yt also enacted by thaucthontye of this psent Parlyament, That all the Forfaytures appoineted or to growe by this Statute (except the Forfaytures of Justices of Peace) shall wholy goe & bee employed to thuse of the Poore aforesaid, & shalbe levied by Dystresse by the dyscretion of the Justices of the same Countye or two of them, or other Head Officers aforesaid : And that the Justices of Peace in all Shires of England, shall in their Quarter Sessions next after Easter, yerely examyne the pfourmaunce or not pfourmaunce of this Statute, accordinge to the Tenor thereof, as they are bounde to doe the Statute of Labourers; And at their said Sessions shall yerely appointe newe Collectours & newe Overseers for the Causes aforesaid, and shall then also agree uppon newe Viewes and Searches of the saide ympotent people within everye their Lymyttes for the yere followinge, yf need shalbe ; And further at their said Sessions shall take order by their good dyscretions for all & every thinge and thinges that may in any wyse further the intent of this Acte.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaid, That three Jusdces of Peace within all the Shires of this Realme, whereof one to bee of the Quorum, shall have full power by Aucthoritye of this psent Parlyam' to heare and determyne all Causes (excepte Forfaytures of Justices of Peace) that shall come in question by reason of this psent Acte.

Provyded also, That forasmuche as yt ys thought that the Inhabytauntes of divers Countyes Cytyes and Townes within this Realme be not able to releve the poore lame and ympotent psons with Money to be collected in manner and fourme aforesaid, and that yt were over greate a burden to the Collectours for to geather Meate Drincke Corne or other Thinges for their Releef, to bee employed and bestowed in fourme aforesaid: Therefore yt ys further

enacted, That yt shalbe lawfull to and for the Justices of the Peace in their open Sessions of the Peace, or for the

moste parte of them there assembled within any the Countyes Cyties or Townes of this Realme, where Collection of Money cannot psentlye bee had, as this psent Acte wylleth and appoineteth, to graunt Lycens under their Handes and Seales to suche and so manye of the said poore and ympotent or diseased psons, or to any other pson or psons to bee by the said Justices assigned and allowed for the said poore, to aske geather 8c receve within suche other Towne Paryshe or Paryshes of the said Countye, as the said Justices or the moste parte of them there then in their said Session assembled shall especyallye name appointe lymyte and assigne, the charitable Devotion 8c Aimes at the House or Houses of the Inhabitauntes of suche Towne Paryshe or Pishes by the said Justices named appoynted lymytted or assined, so that they do appoynte the said poore so to bee releved onlye within the Townes and

Paryshes beinge within the Divisions of the same Justices that so shall geve suche Lycense or Lycenses; And that

the Inhabitauntes of every suche Pishe or Pishes to the whiche suche poore or ympotent psons shalbee so appoineted as ys aforesaid, shalbe coacted and bound by vertue of this Acte, under suche payne as to the dyscretion of the said Justices there in their Session assembled or the moste parte of them shall seeme convenient, to releve the said poore and impotent psons in suche sorte as the said Justices there assembled shall appoint.

And bee yt further enacted, That yf yt shall happen any Cytye or Towne Corporate to have in yt more ympotent and poore Folkes, not able to labour, then the said Towne or Cytye ys able to releve, and the said Cytye or Towne Corporat is a Countye of yt self or scituate or standinge in one Countye and ymmedyatly adjoyninge to another, that in those Cytyes or Townes the Maior or Head Officers of the said Cytye or Towne shall make Cerdfycate to the Justicf of the Counties adjoyninge to the said Cytyes or Townes, 8c the same Justices of the said adjoyninge Countye or Townes in their Generali Sessions of the Peace shall geve lycense and followe the order above remembred, accordinge as other Justices of the Countyes, in the whiche any Towne or Paryshe surcharged standeth, are before lymytted and aucthorized to doe.

Provyded alwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthontye aforesaid, That all and every sume and sumrnes of Money firomhenceforth to bee collected or gathered within the Cytye of London and the Lybertyes of the same by vertue of this Acte, shalbe payde unto the [Govemour'] of the Hospitall called the Hospitall of Christes Churche within the said Cytye of London for the tyme beinge, [and *] shalbe by them from tyme to tyme distributed and bestowed for the Relefe of the Poore of the same Cytye accordinge to their Wysdomes and Dyscretions ; Any Thinge in this Statute conteyned to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

Provided allso and be yt enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That all and everye sume and sumes of Money from henceforthe to bee collected or gathered within the Cytie of Coventrie and the Lybertyes of the same, by vertue of this Acte, towardes the Mainten*nce and Releef of the Hospitall of poore People erected in the same Cytie, shalbe payde unto such Govemour & Governours of the said Hospitall as nowe ys or hereafter shalbe admitted and

1 Governo" 0. • 0. omits.

XXIV. Beggars’ Children from 5 to 14 Yean old may be bound out to Service.

XXV. Penalties applied to Use of the Poor.

New Collectors and Overseers, Ire. shall be appointed yearly at Easter.

XXVI. Three Justices empowered to hear Complaints.

XXVII. Justices in Sessions, for Relief of Places not able to relieve their own Poor with Money, may license Collections to be made in other Places.

XXVIII. Cities, &c. may be relieved by Collections in Counties.

XXIX. Collections in London shall be paid to Christ's Hospital.

XXX.

Collections in Coventry shall be paid to some of the Govemon of the Hospital there.

b)

596

14° Eliz. c. 5.

A. 0.1572.

XXXI. Collections in Gloucester shall be paid to St. Bartholomew's Hospital there.

XXXII. Bishops, &c. empowered to visit Hospitals in their Dioceses, and to compelAccounts of the Application of their Revenues, before themselves and Two Justices of Peace.

XXXIII. None shall import Vagabonds from Ireland or Man ; Penalty aos. per Head ; and the Vagabond punishable as such.

XXXIV. Vagabonds from Ireland, itc. shall be sent back.

XXXV. Persons grieved by Taxation under this Act may appeal to General Sessions.

Penalty on Justices for Neglect, kc.Jty.

appointed by the Maior and Aldermen of the said Cytye of Coventrie, or the more parte of them for the tyme beinge, and suche Governour and Govemours so admitted and appoineted as ys aforesaid shall from tyme to tyme distribute and bestowe for the Releef of the Poore within the said Citye the said sume or summes of Money accordinge to their Wisedomes and Dyscretions ; Any Thinge mentioned in this Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided also and bee it yt enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That all and everye summe and sumes of Money fromhenceforth to be paid collected or gathered within the Cytye of Gloucester, Lybertyes & Lymyttes of the same Cytye, for and towarde the Use or Releef of the Poore, and all and everye other Releef which shalbe due and payable, or ys to be yelded within the said Cytye Lybertyes or Lymyttes, for and towarde the Releef of the said Poore, shalbee from tyme to tyme paid and delyvered, or otherwyse shall stand and bee, at the onely Rule Order and Disposition of the psident and Governours of the Hospitall of Sainte Bartholomewe, of the Foundacbn of our moste gratious Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth within the said Cytye of Gloucester for the tyme beinge, and shalbe by them from tyme to tyme dystributed and bestowed for the Releef of the Poore of the said Cytye accordinge to their Wisdomes & Discretions.

And bee yt further enacted by the Aucthoritye aforesaid, That the Byshoppe of every Diocesse, or his Chauncelour for the tyme beinge, shall yerely visyte all Hospitalles in the Diocesse of suche Bysshoppe where no Visitour by the Founder or Founders ys appoineted, yf the Founder of the said Hospitall bee then deade, and to see and take Order that the said Hospitalles bee ordered and used accordinge to the Statutes and Ordinances of the Foundac6n thereof; And yf the Founder bee then lyvinge, the said Founder to visite the same duringe his Lyes without any the Bisshoppes Visitation, & the same Visitation to be at the onely Costes and Chardeges of the Visitours and not of the Hospitall; And that yt shalbee lawfull to the Bisshoppe of the Diocesse for the tyme beinge where suche Hospitall ys or shalbe, or his Chauncelour, uppon Complainte or other Intelligence of juste Cause, to take Accompte howe the Rentes Revenues and Proffittes of any suche Hospitall hathe benne bestowed and spent, to call before him or them at the said Hospitall to accompte all suche pson or psons as have had the Collection or Receipte of any the said Rentes Yssucs Revenues or Profyttes: And yf any pson or psons so called shall and doe refuse to accompte, or entringe into Accompt shall refuse to proceede and fynyshe the same, or upon the fynyshinge thereof shall refuse forthwith to employe or aunswere to the use of the said Hospitall suche sume or summes of Money as upon the same Accompte shall appeare to be due by him. That then every suche pson and psons so refusinge shall forfayte and lose suche- sume and summes of Money as to the said Bysshoppe or Chauncelour and (1) two Justices of the Peace next inhabitinge to the said Hospitall shalbe thought meete and convenient, to whiche [Accomptes*] the said Bysshoppe or Chauncelour shall call the same two Justices of Peace.

Provyded also and be yt further enacted by the Aucthorytye aforesaid. That no pson or psons havinge chardge of any Viage in passinge from the Realme of Ireland or from the Isle of Manne into this Realme of England, do from the laste daye of June next comynge, wittingly or wyllingly transpose bringe cary or conveygh or suffer to be transported brought caryed or conveyed, in any Shippe Picarde Vessell Boate or Boates, from and out of the said Realme of Ireland, or from or out of the said Isle of Manne, into the Realme of England [and3] Wales or any pte thereof, any Vacabond Roge or Beggar or any suche as shalbe forced or very lyke to lyve by begging within the [Realme3] of England or Wales, being borne in the Realme of Ireland or in the said Isle of Manne; on payne of every suche pson or psons so bringinge transportinge carieng or conveyghing, eyther suffring to be brought transported caried and conveyed in Maner and Fourme aforesaid, to forfeyte and lose for every suche Vacabond Roge Beggar or other pson whiche shalbe forced or lyke to live by begginge within this Realme of England or Wales, beinge transported and sett on Land in any pte of England or of Wales, Twentye Shillinges of lawfull Englyshe Money, to the use of the Poore of the same Parishe in whiche they were sett on Land; to be levied by the Collectours of the same Poore for the tyme beinge, by seasure and selling of any the Goodes and Cattayles of the same pson whiche shall so bringe transporte carry or conveyghe any suche Roge Vacabond or Beggar or other pson whiche shalbee forced or lyke to lyve by begging within the Realme of England or of Wales, to the value of the same Forfayture; & on paine of the same Vacaboundes Roges and Beggars so sett on Land to bee punyshed as the other Vacabondes and Sturdy Beggars in this Acte before mentioned & declared.

And bee yt lykewyse enacted, yf any suche Maniske or Iryshe [Rore5] Vacabounde or Beggar ben alredy or shall at any tyme hereafter be set on Land in any pte of England or of Wales, the same shalbe conveyghed to the next Port in or neer whiche they were landed, and from thence be transported, at the comon Chardge of the Countye where they were set on Land, into those partes from whence they came or were transported.

Also be yt provided. That yf any manner of pson shall hereafter fynde him or her self gryeved with any Taxacbn set upon them by vertue of this Acte, it shalbee lawfull for them, at the next Generali Sessions of the Peace to be holden within the same Shier where their Taxac&n shalbee, to make Complaynte thereof to the Justices of the Benche, and to bee eased of their excessive Chardge by the dyscretion of the whole Benche or the moste of them. And yf any Defaulte shalbe hereafter founde in any Justices of Peace or Quorum in or about the execucbn of this Acte, every of the said Justices, upon proof of their said Defaulte by Two sufficient Witnesses before the Justices of Assise at the next Generali Sessions of Gaole Delyverye for the same Countye after the same Defaulte, shall forfayte and lose five poundes of lawfull Englyshe Money, the one Half whereof to bee to the Use of the said poore People of the same Countye & the other Half to the Queenes Majestye, whiche said Forfayture shalbee levied by Dystresse by the discretion of the said Justices of Assises.

1 to 0. ' accompte 0. 3 or O. Realmes O. * Roge O.

A.D. 1572.

14° Eliz. c. 5.

597

And Whereas a greate number of pore and dyseased people do resorte to the Cytye of Bathe in the Countye of Sommerset, and the Towne of Buckston in the Countye of Derbye, for some Ease and Releife of their Diseases at the Bathes there, and by meanes thereof the Inhabitauntes of the same Cytye of Bathe and Towne of Buckstone are greatly overchardged with the same poore people, to their intollerable Chardge: Bee yt enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That no dyseased or ympotent poore pson living on Aimes, at any tyme after the Feaste of Sainte Bartholomewe the Apostle next commynge, shall resorte or repayre from their Dwellinge places to the said Cytie of Bathe and Towne of Buckston, or eyther of them, to the Bathes there for ease of their Greef, unlesse suche p6on be not onely lycensed so to do by two Justices of the Peace of the Countye where such pson doth or shall then dwell & remayne, but also provided for by the Inhabitauntes of suche Hundreds Parishes or Places from whence

they shall so be lycensed to travayle, of suche Releife for and towardes his Maynten*nce as shalbee necessarye

for the same pson, for the tyme of suche his Abode at the said Cytye of Bathe and Towne of Buckstone, or eyther of them, and [turninge'] home againe as shalbe lymyted by the same Lycense, uppon payne to bee

reputed punyshed and used as Vacabondes by the purvewe of this Estatute; and that the Inhabitauntes of the

same Cytye and Towne shall not in any wyse bee chardged by this Acte with the fyndinge or relief of any suche poore people.

And for the better pfourmance of this charitable Acte, It ys ordeyned and establyshed by aucthoritye aforesaid. That whereas the late Kinge of famous Memorye King Henry the Eyght, his heires or successours, or any other pson or p6ons heretofore by his or their severall and lawfull Erections and Foundations, hathe or have ordeyned or appoineted any summe or summes of Money Rentes Releifes or Comodytye, to the use of the Poore, or for the repayringe or mendinge of Highewayes or Bridges, not beinge taken away otherwyse by Acte of Parlyament, whether the same be in any Cathedrall Churche Colledge or elswhere, that the Byshoppe of the Diocesse, or his Chauncelour, within whiche the said Cathedrall Churche Colledge or Place is, and the Justices of the Peace of the Countye within the whiche the said Cathedrall Churche Colledge or Place is, or Three of them, (whereof one to be of the Quorum,) shall have acthoritye from tyme to tyme to examyne howe and after what manner the said Monye Rent Releife or Commoditye ys bestowed, and to call to accompte the partyes whiche doe detayne the said Money Rents or Relief, and thereupon to take suche order for the Distribucbn of the same, as to their Discretions shall seeme moste fytt and agreable to the good intent of the Founders Gevers or Graunters, and thereof to make Certificate in the Highe Courte of Chauncerye once in every yere.

Provided alwayes, That whereas by reason of this Acte, the common Gaoles of every Shire within this Realme are lyke to be greatlye pestered with a more number of Prisoners then heretofore hathe byn, for that the said Vacabondes and other lewde psons before recited, shall uppon their ApfPhention bee comitted to the Comon Gaole of the same Shier where they are so taken and apprehended, and that in moste Shires of this Realme the common Gaoles are in suche Townes where there bee a great number of poore People more then they are well able to sustaine with their Relief, and in some Shires the Assises are kept farre distant from the place where the comon Gaoles are; by reason whereof the said Prysoners are lyke to famyshe for want of Sustenance yf they be not therefore providedFor Remedye whereof bee yt therefore enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid. That yt shall and maye be lawfull for the Justices of Peace of every Shire within this Realme, at their geSall Quarter Sessions of the Peace to bee holden within the same Shires, or the moste pte of the said Justices beinge then psent, to rate and taxe every Parishe within the said Shires at suche reasonable summes of Money for and towardes the Relief of the said Prisoners as they shall thincke convenient by their discretions, so that the said Taxac&n and Rate dothe not exceed above syx pence or eyght pence by the weeke out of everye Parishe; and that the Churchwardenes of every Pishe within this Realme for the tyme beinge shall every Sundaye levye the same, and once every Quarter in the yere paye to the Highe Constables or Head Officers of every Towne Pishe Hundred Ridinge or Wapentake within this Realme, all suche sommes of Money as their Pishe shalbee rated and taxed for and towardes the Relief of the said Prisoners within their said severall Parishes; and that the said Highe Counstables and Head Officers and every of them, shall paye all suche summes of Money so to them payde by the said Churchwardenes, at every Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said severall Shires, to such sufficient psons dwellinge nighe the said Gaoles as shalbe appointed by the said Jusdces in their said open Quarter Sessions, to be there redye to receave the said Mony so collected as ys aforesaid: And that the Collectours for the said Prisoners shall weeklye distribute and paye all such sommes of Money as they & every of them shall receave for the Relief of the said Prisoners as aforesaid, uppon payne aswell the said Churchwardenes of every Paryshe, Constables and Head Officers of every Hundred or Wapentake, as also the said Collectours appointed for the Collection and Contribuc&n of the said Prisoners, so makinge Defaulte as aforesaid, to forfeyte Fyve poundes, the one moytye thereof shalbe to the use of the Queenes Majestie her heires and successours, and the other moytie to the Releife of the Prisoners; Any Statute Lawe Custome Use or other Thinge to the contrarye in any wyse notwithstandinge.

(*) Provided alwayes, That the Justices of Peace within any Countye of this Realme or Wales, shall not intromit or enter into any Cytie Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate where be any Justice or Justices of Peace for any suche Cytye Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate, for the execuf&n of any Braunche Article or Sentence of this Acte, for or conceminge any Offence Matter or Cause growinge or arysinge within the p>cinctes Lybertyes or JurisdicfUns of such

1 retor&Ie O.

* The Four following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

7 N

XXXVI.

No Poor shall resort to Bath or Buxton, unless licensed and maintained by the Place from which they came.

XXXVII. Bishop and Three Justices empowered to examine into Application of the Funds of Charitable Foundations.

XXXVIII. Justices at General Quarter Sessions may assess Parishes to Relief of Prisoners in the County Gaol;

leviable by Churchwardens, and by them payable to High Constables, be.

Penalty on them for Neglect,

XXXIX. Justices of Peace for Counties shall not interfere with Justices forGticf.

i

Di:m t:y

598

14° Eliz. c. 5, 6.

Justice* of Cities punishable for Neglect, &c.

XL.

Poor of Cities surcharged, may be licensed to beg in Counties.

XLI. Proviso for Poor in Saint Thomas's Hospital, Southwark.

XLII. Proriso for John Dutton of Dutton, in Cheshire.

XLIII. Continuance of Act, Seven Years, tcc.

A.D. 1572.

Citie Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate, but that yt maye and shall be lawfull to the Justice and Justices of Peace, Maior Baylyffes and other Head Officers of those Cytyes Boroughes Places and Townes Corporate where there bee Justice or Justices, to proceed to the execucSn of this Acte within the Precinct and Compasse of their Liberties, in suche manner & fourme as the Justices of Peace in any Countye may or ought to doo within the same Countye by vertue of this Acte, any Matter or Thinge in this Acte expressed to the contrary therof notwithstandinge; And that every Justice and Jusdees of the Peace within every suche Cytye Boroughe Place and Towne Corporate, for every Offence by them or any of them to bee comitted contrary to the intent and meaninge of this Statute, shalbe punyshable and chargeable as other Jusdees of Peace at large in the Countyes are by this Acte above appoineted to bee.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the aucthoride aforesaid, That yf it shall chaunce any Cyde or Towne Corporate to have in yt moore poore Folkes then the Inhabitauntes thereof shalbe able to releve, that in suche case uppon Certyfycate thereof made, and of the number and names of the psones with which they be so surchardged, unto the Justices of the Peace of the Countye in whiche suche Cytye or Towne Corporate shall lye and bee situate, at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace by two Jusdees of the Peace of the said Countye, and the MaioV or Head Officer of the same Cytye or Towne Corporate, the Jusdees maye by their discredons in the same Sessions take order appoint and cause the same poore Folke so certyfyed, to bee provided for and releeved, by gevinge of Lycense to begge or otherwyse, in some other place or places of the said Countie out of suche Cyde or Towne Corporate so surchardged.

Pr';viDBD alwaye, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned shall not extend to the poore People for the tyme being in the Hospitall called Saint Thomas Hospitall, otherwise called the Kinges Hospitall in the Boroughe of Southwarke, neare adjoyning to the Cytye of London ; but that the Maior Comynaltye and Cytyzens of the said Cytye of London for the tyme being, shall & may onlye have the Rule Order and Govemement of the said Hospitall and of the poore people therein for the tyme being; Any Thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned, or any aucthoritye thereby given, shall not in any wyse extend to dysheneryte p'judice or hinder John Dutton of Dutton in the Countye of Chester Esquier, his Heires or Assignes, for towching or conceminge any Libertye Priviledge Preheminence Aucthoride Jurisdice&n or Inheritaunce which the sayd John Dutton nowe lawfully useth or hathe, or lawfully may or ought to use within the Countye Palatyne of Chester and the Countye of the Cytye of Chester, or eyther of t(iem, by reason of any anneient Ctires of any Kinges of this Land, or by reason of any Prescription or other lawfull Usage or Tytle whatsoever.

This Acte to endure for Seven yeres, and from thence to the ende of the next Parlyament then next followinge.

Doubts on certain Clauses in Stat.

13 Eliz. c.3. viz.

$ 1. on Forfeiture of Profits of Lands of Fugitives, &c.

i 3. on fraudulent Conveyances by them.

During such Forfeiture the Crown may lease, and grant by Copy of Court Roll, &c.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for thexplanacon of a Statute made againste Fugitives over the Seas, in the Thirtenth yeere of the

Queenes Ma’1" Raigne.

WHERE AS in the Statute against Fugitives departing out of this Realme, made in the last Parlyament, amongest other Things it ys ordeyned, that the Offendours against that Estatute shall forfayte and lose to our Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, the whole Pfittf of all their Mannors Landes Teiites and Hereditamentes during their Lyves; Sithens which tyme some Doubt and Question upon the said Woordes hathe rysen and been mooved, whether her Ma"* her Heires and Successours, may lett and set the same Landes, or make Grauntes by Copyes of Court Rolle thereof, and usuall Woodsales, or els shall onely take the ordinarye Proffittes as they ryse, as Vesturam terre,

and not otherwyse: And whereas in the said Estatute one Braunche or Clause is conteyned for the makinge voide of

fraudulent Conveyauncf by the said Fugitives of their Landes and Goodes, made to thintent and upon privye confidence that the proffittes may bee employed as they should lymyt and agree; upon the Woordes of whiche Clause some Doubt and Question hath also rysen and ben moved, Whether the Conveyaunce (to thintent aforesaid) made by suche Fugitives as departe out of this Realme having Lycense, and do not retume into this Realme according to their Lycence, and Intent of the said Estatute, shalbee within the provision of the said Estatute, unlesse their DetermynacBn of not returning according to their Lycense, be prooved to bee before the making of the said fraudulent Conveyaunce, as a Thing materyall before the making of the said Conveyaunce, or whether the same Determinacftn of not returning according to the said Lycense be not so materiall, but that the same shall, by the subsequent Acte (that ys to saye) by the not returning of the said partye according to the said Lycense, be sufficiently prooved without any further matter : For avoyding of whiche Doubtes, bee yt declared and explaned and ordeyned by aucthoride

of this Parliament, That during so longe tyme as her MaUt her heires or successours shalbee entituled to have

the said Profittes by vertue of the said Estatute, shee and they maye l?tt and sett and make Grauntes by Coppye of Court Roule, and usuall Woodsales and other Things, to all Internes and Purposes as a Tenant pour terme dauter Vie lawfully may doe.

j

A.D. 15?2.

14° Eliz. c.6,7.

599

And further, That the said Determynacftn, whiche is but a secrete thoughte of the Fugitive, whatsoever his Woordes or Speach be, is not materyall, but that the Acte and Deed subsequent, viz. the not returning of every suche Fugitive accordinge to his Lycense, and not havinge suche Lett or Excuse, as by the said Estatute is allowed (without any further Matter) was is and shalbe taken and deemed a sufficient Proofe of the pcedent Determynaclin of the same Partye not to retume according to his Lycense; Any Thing to the contrarye hereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

(’) And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That all such Rentes Revenues Yssues Proffittes and other Thinges as alredy bee comen or growen or hereafter shall come or growe to the Queenes Majesde, for any the Causes of Forfayture mentioned or expressed in the said former Acte and Statute or declared by this Acte, shalbee aunswered yerely unto the Queenes Ma'* in the Court of Exchequer, and shalbe in the Order Surveye and Rule of the same Court; And that the Treasourer Chauncelour & Barons of the said Court, or the more part of them for the tyme beinge, whereof the Treasourer or Chauncelour to be one, shall & maye doo and cause to bee doone all and everye suche Acte and Thing, as they shall thincke meet and convenient to bee had made or donne, for the demising custody receyving ordering and better answering to her Ma"" Commodide and Profite of all such Rentes Revenues Yssues Proffittes and other Thinges as nowe be commen or growen or hereafter shall come or growe to her Majestye for any the Causes of Forfayture aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said former Acte and of this present Statute of Explanac&n and Declaration.

Provided alwayes and bee yt further enacted by the Aucthoritye aforesaid, That all Landes Tenementes Rentes Reverc&ns Services and Leasses, being at this tyme Parcell of the Possessions of the Duchye of Lancaster, or derived out of the same, whereunto or to the Profittes whereof the Queenes Majestye, her Heires or Successours, in any wyse is or hereafter shalbee endtuled, eyther by aucthorytye of the said former Estatute of Fugidves or by this Estatute, shalbee fromhencefoorth within the survey dimysing and order of the said Court of the said Duchie of Lancaster, in suche manner and fourme as other the pmisses bee assigned or appointed, by aucthorytye of this Acte or by the said former Acte, to bee in the survey dimysing and order of the said Court of Exchequer; and that the Transcripte of all Offices and Inquisiuons concerning the p*misses, to bee within the survey dimising and order of the said Duchye of Lancaster, shalbe certyfyed and recorded in the said Court of the Duchie of Lancaster; Any Thing eyther in the said former Acte or in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Non-return of Fugitive declared Evidence of hit Intent.

aai.

Revenue! of forfeited Landa of Fugitive! shall be under Survey of the Exchequer.

IV.

Such Forfeiture* within the Duchy of Lancaiter, shall be under Survey of the Duchy-Court.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte againste the Deceiptes of Under Collectours of the Tenthes and Subsidies of the Cleargye.

FOR avoyding and redresse of greate Deceiptes donne to the Queenes Majestye and to the Prelates and Cleargie of this Realme, by Under Collectours of the Tenthes and Subsidies of the Cleargye appointed by and under the Archbyshoppes and Byshopps of this Realme, and Deanes and Chapters, (Sede vacante) ; Bee yt enacted, That the Statute made in the Thirtenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, to make the Landes Tenementes Goodes and Cattayles of Tellers Recev's, &c. to bee liable to the payment of their Debtes, shall to all Internes and Purposes as amplye and largely extend and bee construed to extend to all suche Under Collectours of Tenthes and Subsidies of the Cleargie, and to their Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentf Goodes and Cattayles, for satisfyeng of suche Money as they have collected or shall collecte of the said Tenthes and Subsidies to the Use of the Queenes Matk, her Heires or Successours, (of what yerelye sume soever the Charge of their Collection is or shalbee) in lyke fourme as it dooth extend to the Tellers Receivers and other psonnes accomptaunt, whome the said Acte specially and expressely concemeth, and in as ample wyse as yf such Under Collectours were immediatly accomptaunt to the Queenes Ma*", her Heires or Successours; Any provision in the said Estatute or other Matter whatosever to the contrary notwithstanding : And that every suche Under Collectour shall, upon processe to be awarded out of the Courte of Exchequer, bee chargable to accompt for his Receipte of suche Tenthes and Subsidies as any Receyver immediatly accomptaunt to her Ma"‘ is or ought to bee; and that every Archbyshoppe and Bysshoppe and Deane and Chapter (Sede vacante) to whose Charge the Collection of such Tenthes or Subsidies doothe or shall apperteyne, shalbee discharged of so muche of the said Tenthes and Subsidies as shalbe satysfyed to the Queenes Mate, her Heires or Successours, of or by the Landes Tentes Hereditamentes Goodes or Cattayles of such Under Collectour or his Heires, without any other Warrante whatsoever in that behalf to be obteyned.

St. 13 Eliz. c. i. extended to Under Collector! of Tenth! and Subaidiei of the Clergy.

Bishops, &c. discharged of all Sumi, accounted for in the Exchequer by inch Under Collector!.

1 The following Clauses are annexed to the Original Act in Two separate Schedules.

600

14° Eli z. c. 8,9.

A.D. 1572.

Recoveries by Tenant! for Life,

&c. by Collusion, declared void against the Reversioners, tee.

H.

Proviso for Recoveries on good Title without Collusion.

III. Proviso for Recoveries with Assent of the Reversioners appearing on Record.

IV.

Stat.32 H. VIII. c. 31. repealed.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the avoyding of Recoveryes suffered by Collusion by Tenantes for tearme of Lyes and

suche others.

WHERE divers persons, being seised or that had ben seised of Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes as Tenantes by the Curtesie of England, Tenantes in Tayle after possibilitie of Issue extincte, or otherwyse onely for tearme of Lyes or Lyves, or of Estates determinable upon Lyes or Lyvcs, have heretofore permitted and suffered other persons, by Agrement or Covine betwene them had, to recover the same Landes and Tenementes and other Hereditamentes against the same particuler Tenantes in the Queenes Mi'" Court, or have pmitted and suffered themselves to bee vouched by other persons, by Agreement or Covine betwene them had, in Recoveryes suffered of the same Landes Tenementes and other Hereditamentes in the Queenes Ma*'" Court, to the greate p'judice of those to whom the Reverc&n or Remaynder therof hath apperteyned or ought to apperteyne: For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queenes most excellent Ma,le, with the Assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parlyament assembled and by Aucthoritie of the same, That all suche Recoveries, hereafter to bee had or prosecuted, by Agreement of the Partyes or by Covine as ys aforesaid, against any suche particuler Tenaunt of any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, whereof the same particuler Tenaunt ys or hereafter shalbe seised of any suche particuler Estate as ys aforesaid, or against any other with Voucher over of any suche particuler Tenant, or of any having or that had Right or Tytle to any suche particuler Estate or Tenancye as ys aforesaid, shall from henceforth, as against such person or psonnes to whome any Revercbn or Remaynder thereof, by force of any Conveyaunce or Device before that tyme had or made, shall ought or lawfully may apperteyne, and against their Heires and Successours, be clearly and utterly void and of none effect; Any Lawe or Usage heretofore had to the contrarye thereof in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Provided alway, That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned shall extend or bee p^judiciall to any pson or psons that shall hereafter by good Tytle recover any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, without Fraud or Covine, by reason of any former Right or Tytle ; but that all and everye suche Recoverye and Recoveryes, so to be had or prosecuted uppon former Rightes or Titles, shall stand and bee in lyke Force Strenght and Effect as they were before the making of this Acte; Any Thing herein conteyned to the contrary in any wyse notwithstanding.

Provided also. That all and every suche Recoverye and Recoveryes, to bee had or prosecuted of any Landes Tentes or Hereditam'f as aforesaid, by the Assent and Agrement of any pson or psons to whom any Revertion or Remayneder thereof then shall or ought to appteyne, (so that the same Assent and Agreement do appeare of Recorde in any Court of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma*, her Heires or Successours,) shall stand and bee in lyke Force Strength and of lyke Effect, against such pson and psones that shall so assent and agree their Heires & Suscessours, as they were before the making of this Acte; Any Thing herein conteyned to the contrarye in any wyse notwithstanding.

(') Bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid. That one Acte made in the two and thirtyeth yere of our late Sov*aigne Lord King Henry the Eyght entituled An Acte for the avoyding of Recoveryes by Collusions by Tenauntes for tearme of Lyes, shalbee from the firste day of July next ensuing repealed, and shall no longer stand in force.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte declaring that the Ten*nt and Defendaunt maye have a Tales de Circumstantibus as well as the

Demaundant or Playnetyfe.

the^lrinriff*&cre TT^R ^ avoy*"l8 8reat and chargeable Delayes often tymes happening unto Tenauntes and Defendauntes; may hare a Tala dc -I- Bee yt enacted, That in all Cases whereas the Partye Plaintyfe or Demandaunt, by any Statute heretofore made, SSSSZt, may have uppon his or their Request made unto the Justices of Nisi Prius within this Realme of England, or to the may require and Justices of Eyre or of Assises of the Twelve Shires of Wales and the Counties Palatynes of Lancaster Chester and bare the same. Durham, a Tales de circumstatibus, That in all and every such Case and Cases the Partye and Partyes Tenauntes Actours Avowauntes and Defendauntes, (yf the Playntyfes or Demaundauntes shall upon the callinge of the principall Pannell or Jurie forbeare or reufse to praye the same,) shall and maye upon his or their Request or Desyre have uppon the same Recorde and by the same Justices the Tales or Talesses unto them graunted, in lyke Manner Fourme and Degree to all Respectes & Purposes, as the Playntief or Demaundaunt in any Suite or Action may have the same by any Statute or Ordinaunce heretofore made or set foorth, and the rather for the spedy Triall of the Yssue and Yssues joyned or hereafter to bee joyned in any Plee Suite or Action ; Any Lawe Custome or Usage heretofore used to the contrary thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

1 This Clause is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

14° Eliz. c.9— II.

601

r

A.D. 1572.

Provided also, and bee it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That in all populer Actions Informations II*

Bylies or Suites commenced or had or hereafter to bee comensed or had in any the Queenes Ma"" Courtes of hir^Talt, !n*mU Recorde, uppon any penall Lawes or Statutes, wherein any pson dooth or shall sue, or prosecute or infourme, Pcni1 Action*, aswell for the Queenes Mall* her Heires and Successours as for himself, whereupon Issue is or shalbe joyned to be tried by the Countrey, that therin the Partye Defendaunt or Defendauntes shalbe admitted to praye and have a Tales de circuinstantibus as in other Cases aforesaid.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte to refourme the excessyve Length of Carseis.

WHEREAS within this Realme of England, Karsies called ordinarye Karsies have not nor doo not usually conteyne above Seventeene Yardes, and the fyner sort called sorting Karsies not above Eyghteene Yardes, and according to the proportion of the said Lengthes, the Weyght hathe ben lymited by the Statutes nowe remayning in force for true making of Wollen Karsies; and where the Queenes Majestie hath ben, is and ought to bee aunswered of her Majesties Customes and Subsidies of the said Karsies according to the number of Peeces or Whole Karsies, and not according to the Quantytye or Number of Yardes in everye of the said Karsies conteyned ; And where certeyne Marchaunt Straungers and others using the Trade of transporting Karsies by way of Marchaundize beyonde the Seas, have of late devised and procured to have Karsies made of muche greater Lengthes as of fyve & twentye and syxeand twentye Yardes and more, and intende as yt maye be well gathered to have them made of greater Length from tyme to tyme, by which Policie they doo not onely deceive the Queenes Majestye of One Third Part of her Customes and Subsedies due for the same Karsies, for that everye two Karsies nowe payeng Custome but for two Karsies doo by the said meane conteyne more then three Karsies that were wont to yeld Custome for three Karsies, but also the poore Artyfycers Weavers and other Woorkemen occupyeng making of the said Karsies, are lytle or nothing more considered in their Wages for making of the said Longe Karsies ; Moreover the Marchauntes of England using the Trade of bying the said usuall ordinary sortes or others, are easely eaten up and undonne by the said Straungers, for that the said Straungers conveying by Deceipte so much of her Majesties Custome, are able by selling beyond the Seas under the Englyshe Marchauntes Price, to drive all the Englyshe Marchauntes to losse, and Englyshe Subjectes makers of ordinarye Karsies are by the said subtyll Advauntage dryven from their Trade, and l;kely to bee shortly enforced to chaunge their Loumes Milles and other Instrumentes, for that no other sort of Karsies in respecte of the Gaine in deceyving her Ma1* are lykely to bee usually bought; whiche newe devyse is to the greate defrauding of her Majestye to the undoyng of her Subjectes the Englyshe Marchauntes and of the Clothiers using the makinge of Karsies, and of an infynite number of poore Famylies susteyned by Workemanshippe about the same: Bee yt therefore enacted by the Queenes Highnes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Parlyament assembled, That from and after the Feaste of Saint Bartholomewe the Apostle next ensuing, it shall not bee lawfull for any pson or psons using or that shall use the Trade of making of Karsies, to make or cause to bee made any Karsies of the sort called ordynarye Karsies or any sorting Karsies, or any other Karsies, by what Name or Names soever they bee called, above the Length of Eyghteene Yardes at the most, to bee measured by Yarde, and ynche being redy made; but that all Karsies shalbe made of the said usuall Lengthes, and accordyng to the proportion of weyght lymited by the Statute in that Behalfe made and provided the fourth and fyfthe yeeres of the Raignes of the late King Phillippe and Queene Marye, upon payne that every pson or psonnes that shall make or cause to bee made any suche Karsie or Karsies of more or greater Length then Eyghteene Yardes, shall forfayte for every suche Karsie fourtye shillinges, the one Moytie whereof shalbee to the Queenes Ma,ie her Hares and Successours, and the other Moytye to him or them that wyll sue for the same by Byll Playnte or Information in any of the Queenes Ma* Courtes of Recorde, wherein no Essoigne Pteccfin or Wager of Lawe for the Defendaunt shalbe admitted or allowed.

Provided, That yf any Karsie or Karsies being purposely made to conteyne Eyghteene Yardes in Length and no more, shall by occasion happen to conteyne above Eyghteene Yardes, and being under Nynteene Yardes in Length, that the Maker or Makers of any such Karsie or Karsyes shall not incurre the Penaltye above conteyned; Any Thing before mentioned to the contrary notw^standing.

Frauds on the Customs, Sec. by extraordinary Length of Kerseys.

Kerseys shall not exceed 18 Yards in Length; and be of the Weight required

by St. 4,5 P. & M. c. j. S 4-

II.

Proviso for Kerseys between 18 and 19 Yards long.

w

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the continuacbn cxplanacbn perfiting and enlardging of divers Estatutes.

HERE in the Parlyament holden uppon prorogaeftn at Westmynster the fourth day of Februarye in the Recital of certain foure and twentith yere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eyght one Acte was there made entituled ^j£mILc*c.7, 9. An Acte to continue and renewe the Acte made against killing of Calves, and one other Acte entituled an Acte against killing Calves, &c.; killing of young Beastes called Waynelinges: And where in the Session of a Parliament ended at Westminster in the 3 4 E.VI. c. 19.

first daye of Februarye in the fourth yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King Edwarde the Syxt, one other Be*u • Acte was made concerning the buying and selling of Rother Beastes; and also one other Acte was then and there c. *1. Butter, kc.; lykewyse made entituled An Acte for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese: And where also an Acte was made in the first Session of the Parlyament holden in the fyfth yere of the Queenes Majesties Raigne, entituled

7O

602

14° Eliz. c. 11

A.D. 1572.

S Eliz. c. 2. Tillage;

I Eliz. c. 17. Fry of Fish

5 Eliz. c. 7. Importation of foreign Wares;

c. 9. Perjury;

8 Eliz. c. to Bowyers;

c. it. Preserration of Corn;

13 Eliz. c. 25. continuing Act;

13 Eliz. c. 5. fraudulent Conveyance;

c. 20. Leases of Benefices 5

c. 21. Purveyance;

Proviso in 13 Eliz. c.25. § y. as to Intercourse under Treaties, repealed.

II.

Certain Words in 13 Eliz. c. to § 1. repealed.

III. Bonds, 8cc. for Enjoyment of Benefices, shall have the force of Leases.

IV.

Leases, &c. by Curates restricted, as if by Incumbents.

V.

13 Eliz. c. to $ 2. as to Leases by Colleges, &c. shall not extend to Houses in Cities or Towns Corporate.

An Acte for the Mayntenance and Encrease of Tyllage: And where also in the Parlyament begune at Westm in the xxiij day of January in the first yere of the Raigne of the Queenes Ma* that nowe ys, and there continued by prorogation undll the Dissoluc&n thereof, one Acte was then and there made, endtuled An Acte for the p*servac&n of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe: And where also in the firste Session of the Parlyament begune and holden at Westm in the fyfth yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma'" that nowe ys, and from thence continued by prorogation untyll the Dissoluc&n thereof, one Acte was then and there made endtuled An Acte for the avoyding of divers Forrayne Wares, made by Handycraftes men beyonde the Seas; And one other Acte, endtuled An Acte for the Punyshement of suche personnes as should procure or comit any wylfull Peijurye; whiche Actes were limitted to endure to thend of the next Parliament: And wher also in the last Session of the same Parliament holden by Prorogac&n at Westminster in the Eyght yere of the Raigne of the Queenes most Excellent Ma'1' that nowe ys, one Acte was then and there made, endtuled An Acte for Bowyers and the prices of Bowes, and was made to continue to thend of the firste Session of the next Parlyament; And also one other Acte was then made, endtuled An Acte for the pservac&n of Grayne; all whiche severall Actes and Statutes were made to continue but for fteyne tymes: And all whiche Actes made in the said fourth yere of King Edward the Sixte, and of the said first fyfth and eyght yeres of the Queenes Majesties Raigne, were at the last Parlyament holden at Westm the second daye of Apryll in the thirteenth yere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majesrie, made to continue and stand in force unto thend of the next Parlyament then next following: And where also in the Parliament begune and holden at Westminster the second day of Aprill in the thirteenth yere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Lady the Queene, one Acte and Statute was then and there made, for the avoyding and abolishing of fayned covenous and fraudulent Feoffamentes Giftes Grauntes Alienac&ns Conveyaunces [Boundes'J Suites Judgementf and Execuc&ns, endtuled An Acte against fraudulent Deedes Giftes Grauntes Alienations, &c.; whiche Acte and Statute was then made to endure unto thend of the first Session of the next Parlyament; as by the said Acte more playnely wyll appeare : And where also in the said Parliament begune and holden at Westminster the said seconde daye of Aprill, there was also one other Acte and Statute made for the avoyding of some Leasses in certeyne cases to be made of Ecclesiasticall Promotions with Cure, endtuled An Acte towching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Livinges with Cure; which Acte was lykewyse made to continue to thend of the next Parliament: And wher also there was one other Acte an.l Statute made in the said Parliament begune and holden at Westminster the said seconde daye of Apryll in the sa\l thirteenth yeere, endtuled An Acte that Purveyours may take Grayne Come or Victualles within fyve Myles of Cambridge and Oxford in certeyne Cases, which Acte was made lykewyse to continue to the last day of the next Parliament: (*) And where in the Statute made in the thirtenth yeere of the Queenes Mati" Raigne, endtuled An Acte for the revinge and continuaunce of certeyne Statutes, is conteyned one Proviso that the said Acte concerning the avoyding of Forraine Wares made by Handycraftes men beyond the Seas, or any Clause Article or Meaning therein conteyned, should not in any wyse extend or bee jPjudiciall to any Entercourse or Treatyse of any Entercourse then standing in force had or made betwene the Progenitours of the Queenes Majesrie or her Highnes and any others Nowe for good Considerac&ns and specially that Straungers may not bee at lybertye, and the Queenes Mall" naturall Subjectes restrayned, Bee yt enacted, That the said Proviso, and every Clause Article and Matter therein conteyned, shall from hencefoorth bee repealed and utterly voyd.

Provided also and bee yt enacted, That these Woordes (so soone as it or any part thereof shall come to any Possession or Use above forbydden, or) whiche Woordes are conteyned in the said Statute made in the said thirteenth yeere, towching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Livinges with Cure, shall not bee revived by this Acte, but remayne discontinued, and shall from henceforth bee omitted out of the said Acte; Any Thing in the saide Acte or in this Acte to the contrary nowithstandinge.

And where sundrye evyll disposed psons have defrauded the true meaning of the said last mentioned Statute made in the said xiij11' yeere, by Bondes and Covenauntes of suffering other psons to enjoye Ecclesiasticall Livinges and the Fruites therof, for that such Bondes and Covenauntes are not in Law taken to bee Leasses, althoughe in deed they amount to as muche; Bee yt therefore enacted, That all Bondes Contractes Promyses and Covenauntes hereafter to bee made, for suffering or permitting any pson to enjoye any Benefyce or Ecclesiasticall Promotion with Cure, or to take Profittes or Fruites thereof, other then such Bondes and Covenauntes as shalbee made for assuraunce of any Leasse heretofore made, shalbe to all Internes and Purposes adjudged of suche force and valydytie and not otherwyse as Leasses by the same psons made of suche Benefices and Ecclesiasticall Promotions with Cure.

And bee yt further declared and enacted, That all Leasses Bondes Promises and Covenauntes of and concerning Benefices & Ecclesiasticall Livinges with Cure, to bee made by any Curate, shalbee of none other nor better force validitie or continuaunce then yf the same had ben made by the beneficed pson himself that dimysed or shall dimise the same to any such Curate.

And where in one other Acte made in the said thirteenth yeere, endtuled An Acte against fraudulent Gyftes to the intent to defeate Dilapidations of Eeclesiasticall Livinges, and for Leasses to bee graunted by Collegiate Churches, there ys one Braunch to avoid certeyne Leasses to bee made by Maisters and Fellowes of Colledges, Deanes and Chapiters of Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches, Maisters or Gardians of any Hospitall, or by any Parson Vicar or any

1 Bondes O.

• The Sentences and Clauses from hence to the End of Stet. VII. are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. In the Inrollment of the Act, that which is now printed as Sect. VIII. ought to have concluded Sect. I. and the other Clauses to have followed. But all Printed Copies agree in the Arrangement of the Text as now printed from the Inrollment.

Original frorr

A.D. 15?2.

14° Eliz. c. 11, 12.

603

other having any Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Living; Bee yt enacted, That the said Braunche nor any thing therein conteyned, shall not extend to any Graunt Assuraunce or Leasse of any Houses belonging to any the Psons or Bodyes Politique or Corporate aforesaid, nor to any Groundes to such Houses apperteyning, which Houses be scituate in any Cytye Boroughe Towne Corporate or Market Towne, or the Suburbes of any of them ; but that all such Houses and Groundes may bee granted dimised and assured, as by the Lawes of this Realme and the severall Statutes of the said Colledges Cathedrall Churches and Hospitalles they lawfully might have been before the making of the said Statute, or lawfully might bee yf the said Statute were not; so alway that such House be not the Capitall or Dwelling House used for the Habitac&n of the psons abovesaid, nor have Ground to the same belonging above the quantitie of Tenne Acres ; Any Thing in the said Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted, That all summes of Money hereafter to bee recovered for or in the name of Dilapidations, by Sentence Composition or otherwyse, shall within Two yeres after suche Receipt be truely imployed upon the Buyldinges and Reparations in respect whereof suche Money for Dilapidations shalbee payed; on payne that every person so receving and not ymploying as aforesaid, shall forfayte double as muche as so shalbee by him receaved & not imployed ; the whiche forfayture shalbe to the use of the Queenes Ma*'* her heires and successors.

Provided alwaye and be yt enacted, That no Leasse shalbe permitted to bee made by force of this Acte in Reversion, nor without reserving the accustomed yeerely Rent at the leaste, nor without chardging the Lessee with the Reparations, nor for longer Tearme then fourtie yeeres at the most; nor any Houses shalbee permitted to bee aliened, unlesse that in Recompence thereof there shalbe afore, with, or p>sently after such Aliena&n, good lawfull and sufficient Assurance made in Fee simple absolutely to such Colledges Houses Bodyes Politique or Corporate, and their successours, of Landes of as good value, and of as greate yerely value at the leaste as so shalbee aliened ; Any Statute to the contrary notw^standing.

And Forasmuche as all the same severall Actes and Statutes, and every of them, do seeme good beneficiall & needfull to bee further continued for the Weale and Profyte of this Realme, Bee yt therefore nowe enacted by the Queenes moste excellent Ma1'*, with the Assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the aucthorytie of the same. That the same severall Actes and Statutes and every of them, and all and everye Article Clause and Sentences in them and everie of them conteyned, shall contynue bee and endure in full force and effect untyll the ende of the next Parlyament.

VI.

Money recovered for Dilapidations shall be duly employed; Penalty, Double Value.

VII.

Leases shall not be in Reversion, See. nor for more than 40 Years ; nor Exchanges without Equivalents.

VIII. Recited Acts all continued to End of next Parliament.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made Anno Octavo of the Queenes Mau" Raigne, towching the Towne

of Shrewesburye.

WHERE at the Parliament holden at Westminster the last daye of September in the Eyght yeere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes moste Excellent Majestye, there was [an'] Acte made, entituled An Acte towching Drapers Cotteners and Fryzers in the Towne of Shrewesburye in the Countye of Salop ; And in the same Act there is conteyned Matter then supposed for the Benefyte of the said Towne of Shrewesburye, in advauncing the Corporac&n of Drapers Cottoners and Frizers of the said Towne; And it was therbye enacted, That from and after the Feaste of Easter then next ensuing, no manner pson or persons whatsoever inhabiting and dwellyng within the said Towne of Shrewesburie or the Lyberties or [Franchises'] of the same Towne, other then such as then had or then after should serve as Apprentyse in the Occupac&n or Science of Drapers, or then had ben or thereafter should bee free of the said Science or Mysterye) should occupye use exercyse or frequent the said Trade Arte Misterye or Science of buying of the said Welshe Clothe or Lyning Cottens Frizes or Playnes, nor have any Factour or Dooer for him or them in the same, nor by any Colour Engyn or Fraude buye any of the said Frizes Lininges Cottons and Playnes, uppon payne that everye pson and psons inhabiting as is aforesaid, and occupieng using or exercysing the said Trade Arte Misterye Occupation or Scyence of buying of Welshe Clothes and Lyninges, &c. and not authorised by the Acte, should lose & forfayte for every Peece of the said Clothes bought, Syxe Shillinges Eyght Pence: And where sythence the making of the said Acte, Experience hathe playnely taught in the said Towne, that the said Acte hathe not onely not brought the good Effecte that then was hoped and surmysed, but also hathe been and nowe ys lykely to bee the verye greateste cause of the impoverishing and undoing of the poore Artyfycers and other, at whose Suite the said Acte was procured; for that there bee nowe sithence the making of the said Statute muche fewer persons to sett them a woorke then before; And by restrayning all other inhabitours of the said Towne of Shrewesburye from the former lawfull Trade ever heretofore used, of buying of Welshe Clothes Fryzes Cottons Lining f and Playnes (leaving the same nevertheles free for all the Subjectes of England without any Restraynt, saving for the said Inhabitauntes of the Towne of Shrewesburye and the Lybertyes and [Fraunchesies*] of the same Towne onlye) hath ben the evident occasion of greate decaye, not onely to the sayd Towne and the

St. 8 Eliz. c. 7. § 1. repealed.

1 one O.

5 Frau nehes 0.

604

14° Eliz. c. {% 13.

yf._D. 1572.

ii.

The other Parts of that Act confirmed.

Conveyance to K.H. VIII. from the Archbishop of York of the Franchise, &c. of Hexham and Hexhamshire in Northumberland, formerly termed a County Palatine;

The said Franchise, &c. declared to be within, and part of, the County of Northumberland.

All Pleas of the Crown, and Suits between Party and Party, Ate. shall be tried, &c. within the said County. Sheriffs of the County shall have Jurisdiction within Hexham, &c.

Saving for Bailiffs of the Liberties, for Return of Writs, &c.

Lybertyes and [Franchysyes1] of the same, but also to a greate and infinite number of poore people in North Wales, That is to saye, in the Counties of Mountgomery Denbygh Merioneth and also the Townes of Oswester and the greatest part of the Countrey thereabouts, where the said Welshe Clothes Frizes Cottons Lininges and Playnes are made and sould, which were wont to bee maynteyned and relieved by Trade of making or woorking of the said Frizes Cottons, &c. contrary to the Expecta£6n that then was wrongfully conceyved: Bee yt therefore at the humble Suite of the Inhabitauntes of the said Towne, and also of the said Artyfycers for whose Benefyte the said Acte was supposed to bee provided, enacted, That the said Acte and all the Matter in the said Acte conteyned, shall fromhensforthe bee repealed and made voyd; Any Thing in the said Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

(’) Provided alwayes. That so muche of the said Statute of the Eyght yeere of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye that nowe ys, and every Artycle and Braunche therein conteyned, as towcheth the present and readye payment of Money to Sheremen Cottoners and Frizers for their Worke, and also as towcheth the Restraynt of suche as shall or doo occupye or use the Trade of buying of Frizes Cottons or Playnes from the Use or Exercyse of the Facultye of Frizing or Cottoning, shall stand and bee in Force; Any Thing in this Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XIU.

An Acte for the annexing of Hexham and Hexhamshire to the Countye of Northumberland.

WHERE for the space of divers yeeres nowe past, the Queene her Highenes and her most noble and dearly beloved Father King Henry the Eyght, King Edward the Syxt her Highnes Brother, Queene Marye her late Sister, as in the Right of the Ymperiall Crowne of this Realme of England, by reason of one Exchaunge had and passed betwene the said late King Henry the Eyght and the late Reverend Father Robert Archebisshoppe of Yorke in the (’) yeere of the most noble Raigne of the said late King Henry, have ben, and her Ma"* * yet ys, seased of and in the Fraunchyse and Lybertye of Hexham and Hexhamshire lying within the bodye and middle of the Countye of Northumberland, which said Lybertye and Territorie when yt was in the Handes of the said Archbisshoppe, was comonly tearmed and named a Countye Palentyne, where in Right or Proofe there was none suche; yet by reason of that Errour, ever since and yet there hathe ben and are divers Opinyons besyde some question and doubtes, whether the said Lybertye and Territorye of Hexham and Hexhamshire should and ought to bee part of the said Countye of Northumberland, or otherwyse exempted; and whether the Dwellers and Inhabitours there, should and ought to bee justifiable and aunswere to Jusdce, as other of the said Countye of Northumberland are and ought, or not, and the lyke question and doubt yet ys and remayneth; By reason whereof not onely Plees of the Crowne and Suites betwixt Partye and Partye have suffered continuall Stayes Lettes and also have had no end of Tryall, and besydes the most and greatest Offendours to the Crowne and their Countrey have and dayly rune thither, as unto a Sanctuarye, upon hope and truste of Refuge and Safegard thereby, to the greate Coiuforte and Encouragement of many the vilest and worst Subjectes and Offendours in all the North Parties, and to the greate Offence of the Almightye, and most manyfest Hinderaunce of good Execucbn of Lawes and Justice: la and for due Remydye and Redresse of suche greate Enormyties and apparaunt Mischieves, May it therefore please the Queene her Majestie, that by her Highnes the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and [theComons in this fPsent Highe Court of Parlyament nowe assembled, that yt may bee enacted manifested and declared by aucthoritye of the same, That the said Territory Fraunchise and Lybertye of Hexham and Hexhamshire, with the Lyberties of the same, may bee ys and shalbe from hensforth taken to be within and Part Parcell and Member of the said Countye of Northumberland ; And that aswell the Plees of the Crowne, as also all Suites betwixt Partye and Partye, may proceed and have their due End and Triall within the said Countye of Northumberland, by and before the Sherife and Coroners of the said Shire, and also before the Justices of Peace, Justices of Gaole Delyverye, Justices of Assise Nisi Prius Oyer and Determiner, and other Officers, and eche and everye of them as the case shall requier, and take Effectes as any of the lyke have ben or ought to bee whiche have happened or shall here after happen within the said Countye of Northumberland; and that from hensforth the Sherife and other Officers of the Countye of Northumberland for the tyme being may have full Power and Aucthorytye to execute his or their Office, and all Processes to him or them directed, within Hexham and Hexhamshire and Lyberties of the same, in as ample and large manner as he or they maye should or ought to doe within any other Part of the said Countye of Northumberland; Any Graunt Priviledge Custom Usage Liberty or Thing els what ever heretofore made claymed used had put in ure or execuc&n or enjoyed to the contrary notwithstanding : Saving to the Baylyffe of the Lyberties or other Officers of the said Town of Hexham and Hexhamshire or the Lyberties thereof, all Lyberties and Priviledges for executing of Processe Returne of Writtes and otherwyse as they or any of them of right ought to have before the making of this Acte.

1 Fraunches 0. 1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* A Blank in Original Act. 4 O. omits.

Go

A.D. 1572.

14° Eliz. c. 14.

605

CHAPTER XIV.

An Actb for the Assuraunce of Gyftes Grauntes, &c. made and to bee made for the Relyef of the Poore in

Hospitalles, &c.

WHERE our late Soveraigne Lord of famouse Memorye King Edwarde the Syxte, by his Ires patentes dated the xxvj,h daye of June in the seventh yere of his moste gratious Raigne, did found erecte and establyshe three Hospitalles in and near to the Cytye of London, called the Hospitalles of King Edwarde the Syxte, of Christe, Bridewell, and Sainte Thomas the Apostle, and by his said Ires patentes gave and graunted power and lybertye for purchasing of Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes for the Releife and Sustentac&n of the Poore in the said Hospitalles, as by the said ires patentes more playnelye appearethe: And whereas also our late Soveraigne Lord King Henrye the Eyght, by his ires patentes dated the Thirteenth of Januarye in the eyght and thirteth yere of his Raigne, did found an Hospitall in West Smythfeld called Lytle Sainte Bartholomeus nere London: And where divers well disposed and charytable parsons have given Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes to the Relyef and Sustentac&n of the Poore, not onlye in the said Hospitalles but also in other Hospitalles, and as yt ys hoped many moe hereafter wyll Iykewyse charytably gyve ; and where many of suche Gyftes and Assuraunces have been and are lykely to bee made by the laste wylles of the Givers thereof, at whiche tyme for want of Councell or other Opportunityes, yt maye happen that the right name of the said Corporac&n hathe not or shall not bee truelye named or expressed, whereby maye growe some

question of the valydytye of suche Grauntes Giftes or Devises: Bee yt therefore Inacted by the Queenes most excellent

Ma^ the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Commons in this p'sent Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritye of the same, That all Gyftes Grauntes Legacyes Devyses and Assuraunces, made or to bee made of any Landes Tenementes and Heredytamentes by Wylie Feoffamentes or otherwyse, to the use or for the Relyef of the Poore in any Hospitalle nowe remayning & being in Esse, and imployed to the Relief or Maynetenaunce of the Poore in the said Hospitalles or any of them, shalbee as good and avayleable in Lawe, according to the true meaning of any suche Donor Grauntor Testator Devysor or Assurer, as yf the said Corporac&n hadd been or were in the Wrytinges or Deedes of suche Gyftes Graunte Devise or Assuraunce, or in suche laste Wylie or Testament, rightlye or

truely named j Any suche Mysnamynge Mysrecyting or not true namynge or recytinge of the said Corporac&n to

the contrarye notwithstanding.

Saving to all and every person and persons Bodyes Polytique and Corporate, their Heires and Successors, other then suche Donor Grauntor Testator Devysor and Assurer, their Heirs and Successours, all suche Right Tytle and Intereste as they or any of them have or shall have in or to any Landes Tentes or Heredytaments so given graunted devysed or assured, as yf this Acte had never been had nor made.

(1) And where in the laste Parlyament holden at Westminster, it was provided and enacted amonges other Thinges, That from thensforthe all Leasses Gyftes Grauntes Feoffamentes Conveyaunces or Estates to bee had made or suffered by any Maister and Fellowes of anny Colledge, Deane and Chapter of anny Cathedrall Churche, Maister or Gardyan of any Hospitall, Parson Vicar or any other having any Spirituall Lyving, [of1] any House Landes Tentes or Heredytamentes percell of the Possession of any suche Colledge Cathedrall Churche Hospitall Psonage Vicaredge or other Spuall Promotion, or perteyning to the same or any of them, to any parson or parsons Bodyes Polytyque or Coporate, other then for tearme of one & twentye yeres or three lyves, in manner and fourme as ys mentioned in the said Acte, should bee utterly void and of none effecte: Bee yt enacted and declared by thaucthorytye of this p*sent Parlyament That thes Woordes ( Maister or Gardyan) of any Hospytall mencioned in the said former Acte, were intended and ment of all Hospitalles Maysondewes Beadehowses and other Howses ordeyned for the Sustentac&n or Relyef of the Poore; and so shalbee expounded declared and taken for ever.

1 This Clause is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * or St at. 13 Elix. c. IO ■, hut, as it seems, erroneously.

Christ's Hospital, &c. in London founded by K. Edward VI. by Letters Patent, a6 June 7 Edw.VI. with Power of purchasing Lands, &c.

St. Bartholomew's Hospital founded by Letters Patent, 13 Jan. 38H.VIII.

All Gifts and Devises to any Hospital now existing, declared valid, notwithstanding any Misnomer of the Corporation.

II.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

111.

13 Eliz. c. to $ 1. extended to the Masters, See. of all Hospitals for Relief of the Poor.

7P

( 606 )

Anno 18° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1575-6.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Holden by Prorogation at Westminster, on the Eighth Day of February, AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE FIFTEENTH Day OF MARCH,

In the EIGHTEENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

&X Jiotulo i&arltamenrt toe anno regni <£lt3abetl)e ftegtne ®eetmo*octatJO.

In parliamento per Prorogac&em tento apud Westm, Octavo die Februarij Anno Regni Serenissime atq> Excellentissime Dne nre Elizabethe Dei gra Angt Fran? et Hibn Regine, Fidei Defensor, 8tc. Decimo octavo, et ifedm continual usq, in decimu quinf diem Marcii tunc prox sequent; Comuni omiu Dnop tarn Spuat q*m Temporal ac Comunitat concensu, et Regie Ma"* turn presentis assensu, Sancita Inactitata Ordinata et Stabilita fuerunt hec Triginta et Septem Statuta que sequntur verbatim. Vz.

(*) I. — i. An Acte against the deminisheing and empayringe of the Queenes Ma°" Coigne and other Coignes lawfullye curraunt w^in this Realme.

II. — a. An Acte for Confirmacon aswell of all Grauntes made to the Queenes Ma*' as of tres patentf made by

her Mau' to others.

III. — 3. An Acte for the setting of the Poore on worke and for the avoyding of Ydlenes.

IV. — 4. An Acte for the avoyding of Fraudes in certeyne Conveyauncf and Assurauncf made by the late

Rebells in the Northe.

V. — 5. An Acte to redresse Disorders in comon Infourmers upon penall Lawes.

VIL — 6. An Acte to take awaye Cleargie from thoffendours in Rape and Burglarye, and an order for the deliverye of Clarkf convicte wll,out purgacon.

VIII. — 7. An Acte for the appointinge and authorising of Justices of Assises in the Shieres of Wales.

IX. — 8. An Acte againste the transporting of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hydes out of the Realme.

X. — 9. An Acte of addice&n unto the former Actes for the amending and repayring of Highe Wayes.

XI. —10. An Acte for thexplanac&n of the Starutf entytuled againste the defeating of Dilapidadbns, and againste

Leases to bee made of Spuall Promotions in some respects.

XII.—11. An Acte for the Tryall of Nisi Prius in the Countye of Midi.

XIII. —12. An Acte concering Offices fownde w^in the Countyes Palentynes.

XIV. —13. An Acte for Refourmac&n of Jeofayles.

XV. —14. An Acte for Reformac&n of Abuses in Goldsmythes.

XVI. —15. An Acte for the Tollerac&n of certeyne Clothyers in the Countyes of Wiltes SoiSiet and Glocester to

inhabite out of Townes Corporate.

XVII. —16. An Acte for the perpetuall Maineten*nce of Rochester Bridge.

XVIII. —17. An Acte for the repayring of Chepstowe Bridge.

XIX.—18. An Acte for the paving of the Cyttye of Chichester.

1 The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but have been added to denote the Number of the Chapters as printed. Chapters XXII. XXIII. XXIV. for the Subsidies and Pardon, although noticed in the above List, are not entered on the Roll; Chapters XXII. and XXIV. have therefore been printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. Of Chapter XXHI. the Original has not been found, and it is therefore re-printed from the Edition of the Statutes 1618, usually Called Rastall’s, printed by the King’s Printers. The Acts not distinguished by Roman Numerals are merely private, and have never been inserted in the Printed Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margins of the several Acts on the Roll i but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

A.D. 1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 1.

607

XX. —19. An Acte for the repayring and amending of the Bridgf and Highe wayes nere unto the Cyttye of

Oxforde.

VI.—3i. An Acte for the mainten*nce of the Colledgf in the Universityes and of Winchester and Eaton.

XXI. —30. An Acte for the Releife and Reedifyeng of the Boroughe of Newe Woodstocke in the Countye of

Oxforde.

XXII.-----An Acte for Confirma£6n of a Subsydye graunted by the Cleargye.

XXIII. -----An Acte of Two Fyfteenes and Tenthes and one Subsydye graunted by the Temporaltye.

XXIV. ----- An Acte of the Queenes Ma'1" moste free and general 1 Pardone.

33. An Acte for the Hospitall at Leycester.

23. An Acte for the Hospitall of S' Crosse nere Winchester.

24. An Acte conceminge Tythes w^in the Parishe of Hallifaxe.

25. An Acte for thassuraunce of the Mannor of Newehall to Thomas Earle of Sussex Lord Chamberleyne

of her Ma"" moste honnorable Howseholde.

26. An Acte for the Lord Viscounte Howard of Byndon and Henrye Howarde Esquier and Frauncys

his Wyef.

27. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blood of Henrye Norrys Knight Lord Norrys of Knole.

28. An Acte that the Ladye Jana Sibilla Wyef to the Lorde Graye of Wilton borne beyonde the Sea maye

bee deemed and reputed as meere Englishe.

29. An Acte for the assuraunce of certeyne Landes and Tents unto Christopher Hatton Esquier Gentellman

of her Ma*1 Privye Chamber and Capitaine of her Highenes Guarde.

30. An Acte for the payment of the Debts of Will*m Isley Esquier.

31. An Acte for the Assuraunce of certeyne Landes to S' John Rivers Knight.

32. An Acte that certeyne persons borne beyonde the Sea maye bee deemed and reputed as meere Englishe.

33. An other Acte that certeyne persons borne beyonde the Sea maye bee deemed and reputed as meere

Englishe.

34. An Acte for the Confirmac&n of an Arbitrament to bee made by certeyne persons betwene Richarde

Huddlestone Esquier and Dame Isabell Weyman his Wyef on thone ptye, and Frauncys Weyman

Gen? on the other ptye.

CHAPTER I.

An Actb against the deminisheing and empayring of the Queenes Ma"" Coigne and other Coignes lawfullye

curraunt w^in this Realme.

WHEREAS the Offences of clipping rounding wasshing and fyling, for wicked Lucre or Gaines sake, of any the proper Moneys or Coignes of this Realme or the Domynions thereof, or of the Moneys or Coignes of any other Realme, allowed by proclamac&n and suffered to be currant w,hin this Realme or the Domynions thereof, by a Statute made in the fyfth yeere of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne, are taken deemed and adjudged to be Treason, and the Offendours therein, their Counsellors Consentours and Aydours lykewyse deemed and adjudged as Offendours in Treason, and being thereof lawfullye convicted or attaineted according to the due Order and Course of the Lawes of this Realme, are to suffer paynes of Deathe and to lose and forfayte all his and their Goodes and Cattayles, and also all his and their Lands and Tenementf during his and their naturall Lief or Lyves onely; as by the said Estatute thereof made amonge other Things therein conteyned more at large yt dothe and maye appeare: Sythen the making of w* good Lawe and Statute divers false and evell disposed persons, knowing that the said Lawe being as yt ys penall, ought to bee taken and expounded strickte according to the Woordf thereof, and the lyke Offencf not by any equitye to receyve the lyke punishement and paynes, have sythen the making of the said Lawe and Statute, moste wickedly devised and practised, for wicked Lucre and Gaines sake, other Artes undue Wayes and Meanes to falsifie ympayre deminishe and lighten aswell the proper Monyes and Coignes of this Realme, and the Dominions thereof, as also the Monyes or Coignes of other Realmes, allowed and suffered to bee currante w,hin this Realme and the Dominions thereof by her Ma"" Proclamac&n, to the greate Damage Losse Hurte and Deceipte aswell of her Ma'*", as of all her faythefull and loving Subjects; and more ys lyke hereafter to bee practised and done yf the same bee not speedily met w'ball: For. Reformac&n and Remedye whereof bee yt enacted declared and established by aucthorytye of this p>sent Parlyament, That yf any person or persons, of what Estate Degree or Condic&n soever hee or theye bee, shall from and after the firste daye of Aprill next comingc, for wicked Lucre or Gaines sake, by any Arte Wayes or Meanes whatsoever, impayre deminishe falsefye skale or lighten the proper Moneys or Coignes of this Realme or any the Dominions thereof, or the Moneys or Coignes of any other Realmes allowed and suffered to bee currant at the tyme of the Offence committed w,hin this Realme of England or any the Dominions of the same, by the Proclamac&n of the Queenes Ma1' her Heires or Successors, shalbe taken adjudged and deemed to bee Treason, and the Offendours therein their Counsayllours Consentours and Ayders shalbee lykewyse deemed and adjudged as Offendours in Treason, and being thereof lawfullye convicted or attaineted according to the due Order of the Lawes of this Realme, shall suffer paynes of Deathe, and lose and forfayte all their Goods and Cattayles to the Queenes Mall' her Heires and Successors, and shall also lose and forfayte to the Queenes Highenes her Heires and Successors, all their Landes Tents and Hereditametf during his or their naturall Lyes or Lyves onlye.

Recital of Stat.

5 Eliz. c. 11. against clipping. See. of Money of the Realm, or current therein;

Other Model of diminishing the Coin

In any way to impair, diminish, falsify, scale, or lighten any current Coin, declared High Treason.

608

II.

Such Treuon shall not work Corruption of Blood.

III. Peer* shall be tried by Peer*.

All Conveyances of Lands, &c. made to the Queen since 18 Nov. i Eliz. or to be made within 7 Years, declared valid.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

II.

All Letters Patents, &c. granting Lands, &c. from the Queen to Subjects, during the same Period, declared valid, notwithstanding any Misnomer, Misrecital, Want of Office found, or Error in Value, Sic.

18° Eliz. c. 1, 2. A.D. 1575-6.

Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned, nor any Attainedour or Attainedours of any pson or persons for any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Acte, shall in any wyse extend or bee judged interpreted or expounded to make any Corrupd&n of Bloud to any the Hare or Heires of any suche Offendour or Offendours, or to make the Wyef of any suche Offendo* to lose or forfayte her Dower of or in any Landes Tefitf or Hereditam'f or her Tytle Ac£6n or Intereste to the same ; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned, or any Atteindor or Attainedours hereafter to be had for any Offence or Offences made Treason by this Acte, to the contrarye notw^standinge.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaid. That yf any of the Lordes of the Parlyam* or Peere of this Realme for the tyme being, shall fortune at any tyme hereafter to bee indicted of any Offence made Treason by this Acte, that then they and everye of them shall have his or their Tryall by their Peeres, as hathe ben used heretofore in Cases of Highe Treason.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for Confirmac&n aswell of all Grauntes made to the Queenes Ma"* as of Ires patentf made by her

Ma"* to others.

XX THERE sythen the Eyghtenth daye of November in the firste yeere of the Queenes Majesties Raigne, divers v T and sondrye Honnors Castelles Manno" Landes Tents Rents Reverc&ns Services and other Heredytamentf have been conveyed and assured to her Highenes her heires and successours, by and from dyvers and sondrye persons and Bodyes Pollytyke, aswell for the Dischardge and Satisfacc&n of greate Debts and Summes of Money as for other good Consyderac&ns : For the pfitte Assuraunce Confirmacftn and further Suertye whereof. Bee yt enacted by the aucthorytye of this p>sent Parlyament, That all Feoffamentf Fynes Surrenders Assuraunces Conveyauncf and Estatf in any wyse conveyed had or made, or to bee had or made at any tyme during the space of seaven yeeres next after thend of this p>sent Session of Parlyament, to or for our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma,k, by or from any pson or psons Bodyes Polytyke or Corporate of any Honnours Castelles Manno* Landes Tents Rents Reverc&ns Servies and other Hereditamentf, for any Debte summe or summes of Money or other Considerac&n whatsoeP, shall stande remaine and bee good and avayleable in the Lawe to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes, according to the true Meaninge Intent and Purporte of the same: Savinge to all and everye pson and psons and to their Heires, Bodyes Pollytyke and Corporate and to their Successours, and everye of them, other then suche pson or psons, and their Heires and Wyves, being Partyes or Privies to suche Conveyaunces or Assurauncf and everye of them, Bodyes Pollytyke and Corporate and their Successours, and everye of them, of or from whome the Queenes Highenes hathe had obteyned or purchased, or shall obteyne or purchase during the space of Seaven yeeres, any Manno* Mesuagf Landes Tents Rents Reverc&ns Servies or Hereditamentf by Exchaunge Gyfte Bargaine Fyne Feoffament Recoverye Deed inrolled or otherwise, all suche Right Tytle Interest Use Possession Rents Reverc&ns Remainders Offices Fees Commons Proffittf and Commodytyes whatsoever, wch theye or any of them have might or ought to have had of in or to the p'misses or any parte thereof, in as large and ample Manner Fourme and Condic&n to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes, as yf this Acte had never been had ne made; This p>sent Acte or any Thing therein conteyned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And where our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Highenes sythence the said eyghteenth daye of November in the firste yeere of her Matk* Raigne, aswell for divers greate summes of Money as also for divers and sundrye other Considerac&ns, hathe barganed sold given and graunted by her Graces sundrye Ires Patentf Indentures or other Writings sealed under the Greate Seale of England or the Seale of the Duchye of Lancaster, or the Seale of the Countye Palentyne of Lancaster, aswell to Bodyes Pollytyke and Corporate, as to divers and sondrye other her lovinge and obedient Subjects, divers and sondrye Honno* Manno" Landes Tenementf Rents Reverc&ns Services and other Hereditamentf in Fee Symple Fee Tayle or for terme of Lyes Lyves or Yeeres, as in the same severall Ires Patentf Indentures and other Writings ys menc&ed and declared : And to thentent the same Letters Patentf Indentures and other Writings should bee of good avayleable and pfitte Force and Effecte to all and everye her Highenes loving Subjects according to the true Meaning and Effecte of the same, Bee yt enacted and establyshed by aucthorytye of this present Parlyament, That aswell all and singuler Letters Patentf Indentures and other Writings sealed under the Greate Seale of England, or under the Seale of the Duchye of Lancaster, or the Seale of the Countye Palentyne of Lancaster, and heretofore made or graunted by our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene for any summes of Money, or for and upon any other Considerac&ns, as all other Letters Patentf hereafter to bee made by our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene for any summe or sommes of Money or other Considerad&ns, during the said space of Seaven yeares next ensuing the making of this Acte, to any Bodye Pollytyke or Corporate, or to any other pson or psons whatsoever, of any Honnours Castelles Manno" Lordships Graunges Meses Landes Tents Medowes Pastures Rents Reverc&ns Servies Wooddes Advowsons Nominac&ns Patronagf Annuities Rights Interests Entrees Condic&ns Leetes Courts Liberties Priviledgf Fraunchesies, or of any other Hereditamentf wth their Appurten*ncf, or of any parte or pcell of them, sealed w* or under the Greate Seale of England, or under the Seale of the Duchye of Lancastre, or the Seale of the Countye Palentyne of Lancaster, of whatsoever Kind Nature or Qualitye they or any of them bee, or shalbee reputed knowen or taken, w,h their Appurten*ncf or any parte or pcell of them, shalbee good perfitte and

18° Eliz. c. 2.

609

A.D. 1575-6.

effectuall in the Lawe, and shall stand bee taken reputed deemed and adjudged good perfitte sure avayleable and effectuall in the Lawe, against the Queenes Mac'% her Heires and Successours, according to the tenour and effecte of the said tres Patentf, the same to be expounded construed deemed and judged moste beneficyallye for the Patentees and Grauntees of the same and their Assignees, accordinge unto the Wordes and Purporte of everye the said tres Patentf, w*\)ut any Confirmaf&n Lycence or Tolleraf&n of the Queene her Heires or Successours; Any misnaming misrecytall or non recytall of any of the same Honnours Castelles Manno" Lands Teiitf and other the p4nisses, or of any percell thereof, or any lacke of finding of Offices or Inquisifbns, of and in the pnusses or any parte thereof, whereby the Tytle of the Queenes Highenesse therein oughte to have byn founde before the making of the same tres Patentf or other Wrytingf, or any misrecytall or non recytall of Leases thereof before made, as well of Recorde as not of Recorde, or any lacke of the certeyntye miscasting rating or setting for the of the yerelye Value and Rate of the pmisses, or of the yerelye Rentes reserved of and for the p>misses or any pcell thereof, mencBed or conteyned in any of the said tres Patentf or other Writings, or for that the jPmisses bee or any parte thereof ys valued to a more or lesse Value in the said tres Patentf or Writings, then the said Manno" Landes Tents and other the pmisses then were or shalbe in yerelye Value, or any misnaming or not true naming of the Townes Hamlets Parishes or Countyes, where the same Honours Manno" Landes Teiitf Rents Hereditam'f and other the phnisses and everye pcell thereof or any pcell thereof lyen or been, or any lacke of the true naming of the Landes Tents or Hereditamentf, or of the Natures Kindes Sortes Qualities or Quantities of the said Possessions or Hereditamentf, or any parcell thereof, or any lacke of the true naming of the Corporac&n, or any lacke of the Attomament Lyverye or Season, or of any misnaming of any the late Ten*ntf or Fermours of the same Honno" Manno" Landes Tents and Hereditamentf or any parte thereof so sold graunted or gyven, notwithstanding.

III.

Provided That this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend to make any Ires Patentf of any Proviso u to Office or Offices to bee of any other Effecte Force or Strength then the same tres Patentf were or should have been Gr"u of Office*, before the making of this Acte.

Provided also, That all and singuler suche Patentees Grauntees and Donees and everye of them w* at any tyme heretofore sythen the said Eyghtenth daye of November have obteyned and gotten of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, or at any tyme hereafter during the said space of seaven yeeres shall obteyne and get of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Mau' that nowe ys, by waye of Exchaunge or for any Summe or Summes of Money or other Considerations, any ires Patentf of any Manno" Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf whatsoev5, w,k at the date and making of any the same tres Patentf so made sythen the said Eyghtenth daye of November or hereafter to bee made during the said space of seaven yeeres as ys aforesaid, were or shalbee at the tyme of the making of suche ires Patentf of better and more yerelye valewe to the Queenes Highenes, and so aunswered in yerelye Rent and Ferme, then was ys or shalbe conteyned menf&ed and specyfied in any suche tres Patentf or in the Particulers or Rate thereof made or to be made by any Auditour or Auditours Surveyour or Surveyours or other Officer, That then everye suche Patentee Grauntee or Donee their Heires Executo" or Assignes and everye of them, w'Sn one yere next after Office or other due Proofs Order and Decree thereof made and had or to bee made and had, w^in the Space and Terme of Tenne Yeeres next after Thend of this pfeent Session of Parlyament, in the Courte of Thexchequer, shall content and paye unto the Queenes Ma'1* her Heires and Successours, for the same Overplus and more Value of the same Manno" Landes Teiitf and other Hereditamentf whatsoev1, w* their Appurten*ncf so solde given graunted or exchaunged as ys aforesaid, after the Rate of Threescore Yeeres Purchase and according to suche yeerelye Value and Rate, as the same Manno" Landes Teiitf and other Hereditamentf whatsoever were and aunswered at the Tyme of the making of any suche tres Patentf, so made or to bee made in Manner and Forme aforesaid; Any Thing conteyned in any suche tres Patentf to the contrarye in any wise notw^standinge.

Provided also, That this Acte or any Proviso therein conteyned, shall not in any wyse extend to confirme ratifye or make good any Leasse or Leases made or to bee made by our Sovereigne Ladye the Queene for terme of Lyes Lyves or for Yeeres, whereupon the olde and accustomed Rents or more be not or hereafter shall not bee reserved and yerelye payable duringe the Tyme and Terme of everye suche Leasse: nor that this psente Acte shall in any wyse extende to revive or make good any Ires Patentf made of any Office or Offices to any Controller Customer Allneger Searcher, nor to any tres Patentf of the Graunte of any other Office or Offices heretofore graunted or made by the Queenes Ma"t, w* nowe bee or at any tyme heretofore have bene adnihillated determined or made voide by Judgement by Aucthorytye of Parliament or by Decree: nor to any Patentes to bee made to any person or peons, for Terme of Yeres or duringe the Mynoritye of any Heire, of any Mannours Landes or Teiitf whereof any Traverse hereafter shalbee tendred w'Nn Three Monethes after any Office founde and certyfied into any the Queenes Ma'1* Courts of Recorde: ne to make any tres Patentf made by our said Soveraigne Ladye of any Office or Offices to bee of any other Effecte Force or Strengthe then the same Ires Patentf were or shoulde have been before the making of this Acte.

IV.

Proviio for Satisfaction by Grantees of Lands, being of greater Value than specified in their Grants,

6o Years Purchase.

V.

Not to extend to Leases at less than usual Rent;

nor to Grants of Offices abolished;

nor to Grants of Lands of Heirs, lie. traversed, Re.

nor to enlarge Grants of Offices.

Provided also. That this Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend to any tres Patentf, wrk at Sot to extend any tyme heretofore sythen the begining of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne have bene or hereafter shalbee made by the to Queenes Highenes, to any p6on or psons, of any Mannors Landes Teiitf Rents Reverc&ns Servies or other °

Hereditamentf, by force of any Infourma&n Suite or Suggestion made or to bee made to her Highenes, that the

7 Q

[ Di9:ti2edby Gck >gle

610

18° Eliz. c. % 3.

A.D. 1575-6.

same Manno" Landes Tehtf and other Hereditamentf so conteyned in any suche ires Patentf were concealed Landes; but that the same ires Patentf and everye of them shall stand remaine and bee in the same Force Strengthe and Effecte as they were before the making of this Acte; Any Thinge in this Acte menc&ned to the contrarye notw^standinge.

General^sVving for Savinge to all and everye other pson or psons and Bodye Pollytyke and Corporate, their Heires and

Title! of Stranger*. Successours and everye of them, all suche Right Tytle Intereste Possession Estate Leasses Rents Servies Commons and all other Proffittf and CSmodities whatsoever, as they or any of them shoulde or might have had before the ires Patentf thereof made, yf this Acte had never bene had ne made; Any Thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye notw^tandinge.

CHAPTER HL

An Actb for the setting of the Poore on Worke, and for the avoyding of Ydlenes.

For amending St. 14 Elia, c.5;

Two Justices of Peace empowered to make orders for Punishment of the reputed Parents of Bastard Children, and for the Maintenance of such Children by their Parents:

Parent not obeying such Order shall be committed, &c.

FOR some better Explanac&n and for some nedefull AddiccSn to the Estatute concerning the punishement of Vacaboundf and Releife of the Poore, made in the Session of Parlyament houlden the fourtenth yere of the Queenes MaM" Raigne; Bee yt ordeyned declared and enacted by Aucthoritye of this pPsent Parlyament, in Manner and Fourme following, That ys to saye; Firste, concerning Bastardf begotten and borne out of lawfull Matrimonye, (an Offence againste Gods Lawe and Mans Lawe,) the said Bastardf being now lefte to bee kepte at the Chardgf of the Parishe where they bee borne, to the greate Burden of the same Parishe and in defrauding of the Releife of the impotente and aged true Poore of the same Parishe, and to* the cvell Example and Encouradgement of lewde Lyes: It ys ordeyned and enacted by the Aucthorytye aforesaid, That two Justicf of the Peace, whereof one to bee of the Quorum, in or nexte unto the Limits where the Parishe Churche ys, w,hin w* Parishe suche Bastarde shalbee borne, (upon Examinac&n of the Cause and CircomstanceJ shall and maye by their discretion take Order aswell for the punishement of the Mother and reputed Father of suche Bastarde Childe, as also for the better Releefe of everye suche Parishe in part or in all; and shall and maye lykewyse by lyke discretion, take order for the kepinge of everye suche Bastarde Childe, by chardging suche Mother or reputed Father w* the paymente of Monie Weekely or other Sustentafbn for the Releefe of suche Childe, in suche wise as they shall thincke meete and convenient: And yf after the same order by them subscribed under their Hands any the said psones, viz. Mother or reputed Father upon Notyce thereof shall not for their parte observe and pfourme the said Order, That then everye suche partye so making Defaulte in not pfourminge [of1 ] the said Order, to bee committed to Warde to the Comon Gayle, ther to remaine w^out Bayle or Maineprise, excepte hee she or theye shall put in sufficient Suertye to pfourme the said Order, or els psonally to appeare at the next Generali Sessions of the Peace to be holden in that Countye where suche Order shalbee taken, and also to abyde suche Order as the said Justices of the Peace or the more parte of them then and there shall take in that Behalfe (yf theye then and there shall take any,) And that yf at the said Sessions the said Justicf shall take no other Order, then to abyde and pfourme the Order before made as ys abovesaid.

II.

Rogues shall be conveyed by Constables from Parish to Parish, until they reach the Common Gaol.

Also concerning Roges, in as muche as by the former Acte they are to bee conveyed to the Gayle or Prison by the Constable or other Officer at the Chardgf of the Parishe where suche Roge ys apprehended, For avoyding of greate Travaile and Chargf risinge thereby, manye are suffered to passe and wincked at; Bee yt ordeyned and enacted by the Aucthoritye of this p'sent Parlyament, That from henceforth everye suche Roge apprehended shalbee conveyed by the Constable or other Officers of the Parishe where suche Apprehencftn shalbee, but to the Constable Tythingman or other Officer of the nexte Towneshipe or Parishe in the nexte Hundred, and so from one Hundred to another, by the Constables Tythingmen or Officers of everye suche Towneship or Parishe w* shalbe next in every suche Hundred, the directe waye untill they shall come to the Gayle or Pryson appointed for suche Roges and Vagaboundf; And that everye suche Constable Tythingman and Officer shall accordinglye conveye suche Roge and Vagabounde under the paynes and penaltyes by the said former Estatute lymited to the Constable Tythingman or other Officer in whose Parishe suche Roge or Vagabound shalbe first apprehended.

III.

Punishment of Rogues evading the Penalty of a Second Offence:

Third Offence, See. Felony without Clergy.

And as conceminge psons inquirable of as of a Roge in the secounde Degree ; If anye suche pson shall, after his firste Conviction, eyther by curing or alteration of the Marke of any suche pson or by alteration of Name or denying to bee the same pson or by any other Wayes or Meanes, goe aboute to avoide the having of his or their further punishement, that the same or any suche other Allegation, shalbee considered of and tryed by the Jurye upon the Arraignement as pcell of their Evidence, and as they shall in their Consciencf finde the Proofs Circumstauncf and Evidencf so to give their Verdite, weh shalbee a sufficient Triall in Lawe w^out any further Certificate or Triale of the former Recorde or Conviction from any other Countye or Place or by any other Meane; And moreover, that yf the Roge in the secounde Degree indicted, and by Confession or Verdite afterwards convicted, shall afterwarde

' 0. omits.

toy

A.D. 157&-6.

18° Eliz. c. 3.

611

a thirde or fourthe or other tyme after bee indicted and convicted of Rogishe Lyfe, That then suche pson the third or more oftentymes endicted and convicted as a Roge, shall suffer to all Respects as a Felon w^out Allowance of the Benefite of Cleargye.

Also to the Intente Yowthe maye be accustomed and brought up in Laboure and Worke, and then not lyke to growe to bee ydle Rogf, and to the Entente also that suche as bee alredye growen up in ydlenes and so Roges at this pkent, maye not have any juste Excuse in sayeng that they cannot get any Service or Worcke, and then w*\)ut any Favour or TolleracSn worthy to be executed, and that other poore and needye psons being willinge to worcke maye bee set on Worcke: Bee yt ordeyned and enacted by the Aucthorytye aforesaid, That in everye Cyttye and Towne Corporate w'hin this Realme, a competent Store and Stocke of Woole Hempe Flaxe Iron or other Stufe by Thappoinetemente and Order of the Maior Baylifff Justicf or other Head Officers having Rule in the said Cytyes or Townes Corporate (of themselves and all others the Inhabitauntf w^in their severall Aucthorityes to bee taxed leavied and geathered) shalbee provided : And that lykewise in every other Market Towne or other place w,hin everye Countye of this Realme, where (to the Justicf of Peace or greater parte of them in their Generali Sessions yerelye nexte after j Easter w'^n everye Lymite shalbee thought moste meete and convenient) a lyke competent Store and Stocke of Wooll Hempe Flaxe Iron or other Stuffe as the Countryee ys moste meete for, by Appointemente and Order of the said Justicf of Peace or the greater parte of them in their said Generali Sessions (of all the Inhabitauntf w^n their severall Aucthorityes, to bee taxed levied and geathered) shalbe provided, the said Stores and Stockes in suche Cytyes and Townes Corporate, to bee committed to the Handes and Custodye of suche psones as shall by the Maio' Baylifff Justices or other Heade Officers having Aucthoritye in everye suche Cyttye or Towne Corporate bee appointed, and in other Townes and Places to suche psons as. to the said Justices of Peace or the greater parte of them in their said Generali Sessions of the Peace in their severall Countyes shalbee by them appointed; W4 said psons so appointed as aforesaid, shall have power and aucthoritie (by the Advise of them who doe appointe them) to dispose order and give Rules for the division and manner of worckeing of the said Stocks and Stores, who shall from henceforthe bee called the Collectours and Governours of the Poore, to thentente everye suche poore and nedye pson olde or younge able to doe any Worcke standing in necesitye of Releife, shall not for want of Worcke goe abrode eyther begginge or committinge Pilfringes or other Misdemeano' lyvinge in Idlenes; w* Collectours and Governours of the Poore from tyme to tyme (as Cause requierethe) shall and maye of the same Stocke and Store, deliver to suche poore and needye pson a competente portion to bee wrought into Yame or other Matter w,hin ’suche tyme and in suche sorte as in their discretions shalbee from tyme to tyme lymitted and pfixed, and the same afterwardes being wrought, to bee from tyme to tyme delyvered to the said Collectours and Governours of the Poore, for w4 they shall make paymente to them w* worcke the same accordinge to the deserte of the Worcke, and of newe delyver more to bee wrought; and so from tyme to tyme to deliver stuffe unwrought and receyve the same againe wrought as often as cause shall require; Whiche Hempe Wooll Flaxe or other Stuffe wrought from tyme to tyme, shalbee sold by the said Collectours and Governours of the Poore eyther at some Market or other Place, and at suche tyme as theye shall thincke meete, and w,h the Money comming of the Sale, to buye more Stufe in suche wyse as the Stocks or Store shall not bee decayed in Value; And yf hereafter any suche person able to doe any suche Worcke shall refuse to worcke or shall goe abrode begginge or lyve idellye, or takinge suche Worcke, shall spoyle or imbesell the same in suche wise that after Monition given the Minister and Churchewardens of the Pishe and Collectours and Governours of the Poore, or the more parte of them shall thincke the same pson not meete to have anye more Worcke delyvered out of the same Store and Stocke, that then upon Certificate thereof made under their Handes and brought by one of said Collectours and Governours of the Poore to the Hands of suche pson or psons as shall in that Countye have the Oversight and Governement of one of the Howses of Correction hereafter mentioned in this Acte, in convenient Apparrell meet for suche a Bodye to were, hee shee or theye from suche Towne Place or Pishe shalbee receyved into suche Howse of Correction, there to be straightlye kepte, as well in Diet as in Worke, and also punisshed from tyme to tyme as to the said psons havinge the Oversight and Govememente of the said Howse of Correction shalbee appointed as hereafter in this Acte ys declared; All which Stocks and Stores shalbee provided and delyvered to the Hands of the said Collectours and Governours of the Poore before the firete daye of November nexte comminge and at all tymes hereafter as occasion shall serve; and that everye pson refusinge to paye or not payeng suche somme of Moneye towards the said Stocks and Stores, as upon them or any of them shalbee by order aforesaid taxed, and at suche tyme as by the same order shalbee appointed, shall for everye Defaulte forfayte dowble so muche as hee or or theye shalbee so taxed unto.

And moreover bee yt ordeyned and enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That w,hin everye Countye of this Realme One Two or more Abyding Howses or Places convenient in some Market Towne or Corporate Towne or other place or placf, by Purchase Lease Buildinge or otherwise by thappoinetement and order of the Justices of Peace or the more pte of them in their said Generali Sessions, (of thinhabitauntf w"4n their severall Aucthoryties to bee taxed levyed and gathered,) shalbe provided, and called the Howse or Howses of Correction, and also stocke and store & [theImplementf to bee in lyke sorte also provided for setting on worcke and punishinge not onlye of those wch by the Collectours and Governours of the Poore for Causes aforesaid to the said Howses of Correction shalbe brought, but also of suche as bee or shalbee inhabitinge in no Parishe, or bee or shalbee taken as Roges, or once punisshed as Roges, and by reason of the uncerteynetye of their Birthe or of their Dwelling by the space of Three yeres, or for any other Cause ought to bee abidinge and kepte w^in the same Countye; w4 said Howse or Howses of Correction, w" Stocks Stores and

IV.

For setting the Poor, Sec. at Work, Store, of Wool, Hrmp. Flax, Iron, j &c. shall be provided I in Citiea and Townt, to be committed to the Care of Penont to be appointed Colleclora and Governor, of the Poor, who shall employ the Poor in working up auch Wool, Sec. and pay them for the tame; and ahall tell the Warea to wrought, to keep up the Stock of Material.;

Persona refuting to work, or apoiling See. Materials, shall be committed to House of Correction.

When Stores shall be delivered to Collectors:

Penalty on refuting to contribute to Payment for auch Stores; Double Rate.

V.

Houses of Correction shall be provided in each County for punishing and employing Rogues and unsettled Poor, tec.

1 0. omits.

612

18° Eliz. c. 3.

Penalty

on refusing to contribute thereto, Double Rate.

VI.

Justices in Session shall appoint Overseers of such Houses of Correction, and Collectors of Rates:

Penalty on refusing such Offices,

vir.

Collectors, Governors, See. shall duly account, fee.

VIII. Recovery and Application of Forfeitures, to the Use of the Poor, &c.

IX.

Persons possessed of Lands holden in free Socage empowered, for ao Years, to give or devise the same, for Maintenance of the Poor, or Houses of Correction, under this Act.

Implementf appointed for suche Howses of Correction shalbe provided in everye Countye w^in one yere next after this psent Session of Parlyament, (yf the same convenientlye maye be,) and yf in the said tyme the same cannot convenientlye bee, then w^n suche tyme as to the Justicf of Peace or the more parte of them in their said Generali Sessions of the Peace in everye Countye w,hin their severall Jurisdice&ns shalbee thought meete and convenient, so as yt exceede not Two yeres after Taxacon in suche Countye, for that purpose made, or els the Monye levied to bee repayed ; and that everye pson refusing to paye or not payeng suche Somme of Moneye towards the making obteyning and furnisheng of the said Howses of Correction, and buying of Stocks and Stores, and for the Releife and Sustentac&n of suche psons as shalbee appointed to the said Howses of Correction,-upon them or any of them, shalbee by order aforesaid taxed, and at suche tyme as by the same order shalbee appointed shall for everye Defaulte forfayte dowble so muche as he or they shalbe so taxed unto.

And bee yt also further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That the said Justices of Peace, or the more parte of them, in their said Generali Sessions in everye Countye, shall and maye appoint from tyme to tyme psons wch shalbee Overeeers of everye suche Howse of Correction, w1* said psons shalbee called the Censores and Wardens of the Howses of Correction, and shall have the Rule Govemement and Order of suche Howses of Correction, accordinge to suche Orders as by the said Justicf of Peace, or the more parte of them, in their Generali Sessions in everye Countye shalbee fPcribed ; And shall also by lyke aucthorytye appointe others for the geathering of suche Moneye as shalbee taxed upon any pson or psons w,hin their severall Jurisdice&ns, towardes the Maintenance of the said Howses of Correcc&n, wcl1 shalbe called the Collectours for the Howses of Correcc&n ; And yf any psone or psons refuse to bee Collectour and Govemour of the Poore or Censoure and Wardene or Collectoure of or for any the Howses of Correction, that everye pson so refusinge shall forfeyt and lose the summe of fyve powndf.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That all and singuler pson and psons appointed by the aucthorytye of this Acte to bee any Collectour and Governour of the Poore, or Censor and Warden or Collectoure for any the Howses of Correction in any Countye Cytye Towne Corporate or other place in this Realme, shall as often as they or any of them shalbee called thereto by the psons havinge the Appoinetement of them, make a juste Accompte of all suche somme or sommes of Money or other Things as theye or any of them have gathered had or raysed in Commodide w,hin their severall Collections or Chardge; and yf any suche Collectoure and Governour of the Poore Collectour Censor or Warden of or for the Howses of Correction, refuse to make suche Accompte or neglecte the same by the space of xiiij dayes nexte after requeste therefore to him made, or shall not wthin one weeke after suche Accompte rendered, yeelde and paye the whole Arreragf wd' hee or theye upon suche Accompte shalbee founde in, to suche person or persons as theye shalbe appointed unto by them before whome their said Accompte shalbe taken, that then the said Collectour Governour Censor or Warden to bee comitted to any usuall Gayle w,hin the said Countye, there to remaine wlhout Bayle or Maineprise tyll hee have made his Accompte and Payment of suche Arreragf as hee hathe receyved: upon the makinge of w* Accompte yt shall and maye bee lawfull to suche persons as have the Appoinetment of the said Collectours and Governours of the Poore, Censors Wardens and Collectours of the Howses of Correction, everye of them in their aucthoritye, to allowe as well suche reasonable Allowaunce to everye the raid Collectours and Governo" of the Poore Censors Wardens and Collectours of the Howses of Correction, for suche Moneye as theye or any of them have employed or disbursed in the execuc&n of the said severall Offices, as also suche reasonable Fees and Wages for their paynes taken in that Behalfe, as to them shalbee thought convenient and reasonable.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaide, That all the Forfeytures by force of this Acte, beinge forfayted by anie person or persons chardged wUl any payment [towarde' ] the Stockes and Stores appointed for the Releife of the Poore, shalbee imployed in the Provision of the Stockes and Stores appoineted by this Acte, in suche place where the Money by the nonpayment whereof the Forfeytures did growe was payable ; and the Forfeytures lykewise of all persons beinge or being chosen to bee Collectours and Governours of the Poore, to bee imployed in the provision of the Stockes and Stores, whereof theye were chosen to bee Collectours and Governours; And all Forfeytures by force of this Acte beinge forfeyted by any person or persons chardged towardes the sustentac&n of any Howse of Correction, and the Forfeytures of all persons beinge or beinge chosen to be Censors and Wardens and Collectours of or for any Howse of Correction, shalbee ymployed in the Maynten*nce and Furtheraunce of the said Howses of Correction; All w* said Forfeytures shalbee levyed by Distres and Sale of the Goodes of the Offendour, as neere as theye can to the Value forfeyted, by Warraunte from suche persons as have by reason of their severall Jurisdice&ns the Nominac&n of the said Collectoures Governours Censors and Wardens, and the Taxation of the said persons w0*1 shall commite the said Forfeytures, to any pson or psons by them appoynted to bee directed, upon Certificate thereof made, and the Partye called thereunto.

And becawse it ys to bee hoped that manye well disposed persons understandinge the good Successe w1* will growe by settinge People on Woorke and avoyding of Idelnes, will from tyme to tyme geve to the Sustentac&n and Maineten’nce of the same good Purpose and Intent, And for their better Encouragement to the same; Bee yt ordeyned and enacted by the aucthoritye of this jPsent Parlyament, That yt shalbee lawfull for everye suche pson as shalbe seased of any Manno'* Landes Tents or other Hereditamentf whatsoever in Fee Simple in Possession Revercon or Remaineder, holden in Free Soccage of the Queenes Ma"* her Heires or Successo" or of any other person or psons or Bodye Polytique, in his or their owne Right and to his or their owne Use, for and duringe the Space of Twentye yeres

1 towardes O.

18° Eliz. c. 3.

613

next ensuinge, to make Feoffamentf Grauntes or any other Assurauncf or Conveyauncf, or by last Will in Writinge to give and bequeathe in Fee Simple all or any parte of the said Landes Tents and Hereditamentf, to any Bodye Polytike or Corporate and their Successo" in this Realme and the Dominions of the same, nowe erected or hereafter to bee erected or founded, or to any other psons and their Heires, to and for the Provision Sustentac&n or Mainten*nce of any of the said Howses of Correction or Abydinge Howses, or of any of the said Stockes and Stores to the Uses aforesaid and none other w^out any Lycence of Mortmaine therein to bee obteyned, or anie Write of Ad quod dampnum to be sewed out for the same ; The Actes De terra ad manum morte non ponend or anie other Acte or Statute Lawe Custome or Usage heretofore had or made to the contrarye in any wise notw^standinge: Savinge to our said Sov*aigne Ladye her Heires and Successours and to the Lordes of the Fee, all their Rents and Services goinge out of the said Landes Tents and Hereditamentf so to be amortized as aforesaid.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That whereas by the said former recited Estatute no payne ys limitted for any ympotent pson, wch havinge a competent Allowaunce provided for him and her w"'in his Parishe, shall notw^standinge wlhout Lycence wander abrode loyteringe and begginge ; Bee yt likewise enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That everye suche person shall for his or her suche firste Offence bee whipped and so retourned Home againe unto his her or their Parishe ; And yf suche person shall then eftesones offend, beinge provided for as aforesaid, then to suffer as a Roge in the firste degree ought to doe by the said former Estatute j And yf the said persons shall then eftesones offend, then to suffer suche Paynes and Forfeytures as a Roge in the secounde degree ought to doe by the same former Estatute, and so such further paynes and penaltyes as by the sayd former Estatute to Roges and Vacaboundes ys lymitted; wdl said Offences shalbee tryed enquiered of hearde and determined as the like Offences of others Roges & Vacaboundes by the said former Estatute are appoineted to bee tryed inquiered of heard and determined.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte nor any Thinge herein conteyned shall extend to make any pson or psons Accessarye or Accessaryes to any Felonye made by this Estatute, nor that anye Attaineder by any the said Felonyes shall worke or bee any CorrupcSn of Blood in the yssues or lyne of the psons attaineted.

Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That yt shall and maye bee lawful! to the Lord Stewarde of the Howseholde of her Mall*, her Heires and Successours, or to the Commissioners w^in the Verge, to have exercyse and use all suche aucthoritye w^in the said Verge, in execucbn aswell of this Acte as of the said former recyted Acte, as any Justice of Peace hathe or maye have use or exercyse elswhere w^n their several! Shires, accordinge to the Lymitacbn of the said Estatutf; The said Statutes or any Thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And whereas the said former Acte ys made to endure but for Seaven yeeres from the makinge of the said Acte, and from thence untyll the ende of the nexte Parlyament then next followinge ; yt ys nowe enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That aswell the said former Acte as this Acte shall have contynuaunce from the ende of this p^sent Session of Parlyament untill the ende of Seaven yeres then next ensuinge, and from thence untill the ende of the next Parlyament then followinge.

(1) Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaid, That yf any Justice of the Peace assembled at any of the said Sessions next after Easter shall from thence departe, (before conference had towchinge Thexecuc&n of this Estatute,) hee shall for everye suche Offence forfayte fyve pownde, to be recovered and levyed as a Fyne upon Endytement and Convicfon of Trespasse, and to bee employed to the Use of the Provision and Furniture of the Howse or Howses of Correcf&n in suche Countye.

Provided also and for the furtheraunce of the good Intencbon of this pVsent Acte (in some Helpe towardes the chardgf of provision and furnishinge of the phnisses) and to the entent one kinde of Malefactours in the Comon wealthe maye bee refourmed at some chardgf of other Offendours; Bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid. That all and singuler Penaltyes and Forfeytures in any wyse lymitted to growe or come to her Ma"* for any Offence hereafter to bee committed againste any of those penall Statutf, wrt her Mall* by her Proclamac&n from tyme to tyme for that purpose shall lymite and appoinete, shalbee recovered and levyed as aforesaide, and ymployed, the one Moytye to the Use of suche pson or p6ons as shall prosecute the same by Accon Suite or Infourmac&n or by givinge of Evidence upon Inditement and Traverse of Inditement, and the other Moytye to and for the provision and furnishinge of the Stockes of Money or other Stuffe for the Poore, and of the Howse or Howses of Correcc&n, in suche manner and fourme as by the Justices at the said Sessions after Easter next ensuinge, after suche Recoverye shalbee lymitted ; Any former penall Statute Provision Ordinance or other Thinge to the contrarye hereof in any wyse notw^standinge.

1 The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in One separate Schedule.

X.

Impotent Persons, being relieved under St. 14 Eliz. e. y. and found begging, shall be whipped. See.

Xi.

No Accessories to, or Corruption of Blood by, Felonies under this Act.

XII. Proviso for Jurisdiction of Lord Steward of the Household.

XIII. Continuance of recited Act and this Act; 7 Years, fee.

XIV. Penalty on Justices neglecting to execute this Act, £S.

XV.

The Crown's Share of Penalties under certain Acts, shall be applied to the Purposes of this

Act.

614

18° Eliz. c. 4.

A.D. 1575-6.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for the avoyding of Fraudes in certeyne Conveyauncf and Assurauncf made by the late Rebelles in

the Northe.

Attainder of Earl of Westmorland and others, by St. 13 Eliz. c. 16. for High Treason;

Secret Conveyances reported to be made of the Lands of Persons so attainted;

Dangers resulting from such secret

Conveyances;

All Persons claiming Title, not already entered of Record, under any Conveyance of any such Lands, made within Two Years preceding 7 Nov. 11 Eliz. shall produce such Conveyances to he inrolled in the Exchequer, within One Year after 1 May, 18 Eliz. or suchConveyances shall be void.

X"TTTHERE by a Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westmynster in the thirteenth yeere of the Quenes Ma"" W Raigne, entytled An Acte for the Confirma£6n of Thattainders of Charles Eai.e of Westfilande, Thomas Earle of Northumberlande and others; the said two Earles and divers other psons named in the saide Acte, stande and be lawfully attainted of Highe Treason for their wicked and detestable Treasons cornytted against the Quenes moste Excellent Ma,J in the late unnaturall Rebellion in the Northe partes of this Realme; as by the same Acte and also by divers other Recordes of their severall Attaindo" more plainly yt doth and may appeare: By force of wch Acte of Parlyament and other Recordes of the saide severall Attaindo", the Quenes Highnes ys and ought to be intituled to have all the Landes Tents and Hereditamentf w'*1 they the saide psons attainted or any of them had the daye of their severall Treasons comytted, and all suche Estates and Interests therein as they or any of them might lawfullie forfayte by reason of their said severall Attaindo", and at this present her Majestie and her Assignes do holde and enjoye in Possession Revercon and Remaynder, the same Landes Tents and Hereditamentf so forfayted by force of the saide severall Attayndo"; but yet nevertheles yt hathe byn and ys very muche bruted and published abrode, and by sundry psons pretended, that divers and many of the said Rebells and Psons attainted named and menc6ned in the saide Acte and other Recordes of their said severall Attaindo", after they had intended and p'posed to enter into that their ungodly and divelishe practyse of Rebellion, dyd make divers secrete and fraudulent Estates and Conveyaunces of their Landes Tenementf and Hereditam'f, to thintente thereby to defraude the Quenes Majestie of suche forfayture of their Landes Tents and Heredytamentf as her Highnes by reason of their severall Treasons shoulde be intitled to have: And forasmuche as the saide pretended fraudulent Estates and Conveyaunces are yet kepte secrete and not openly published and in tyme to com may be verie daungerous, and likely to tende to disinherite the Quenes Ma,k and her Assignes of their Estate and Intereste in suche Landes Tents and Hereditamentf as her Ma'" and her Assignes nowe have by reason of the saide Attaindo", unlesse some provision be made that such secrete Estates Conveyaunces and Assurauncf may in due and convenyent tyme be openly published and brought to light: For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by thaucthority of this presente Pliament, That every pson and psons their Heires or Assignes, wch have hathe or claymeth to have any Estate of Inheritaunce Lease or Rente not already entred of Recorde or certyfied in the Quenes Ma,ks Courte of Exchequer of in or to any Manno" Landes Tents or Hereditamentf by any Graunte Assuraunces or Conveyaunces whatsoever, had made or donne by any of the saide Rebells and psons attainted named in the saide Acte or Statute, or in any of the Recordes of their severall Attaindo" at any tyme w,hin twoo yeres next before the seventh Day of November in the eleventh yere of the Quenes Ma"" Raigne, shall wthin the space of one yeere nexte ensuinge the firste daye of Maye next comingc, openly shewe and bringe forth, or cawse to be shewed and brought forth into the Quenes Ma"" saide Courte of Exchequer, the same his or their Gr*unt Conveyaunce and Assuraunce w0‘ he or they have or hath or pretendeth to have of in or to any the saide Manno" Landes Tents or Hereditamentf; and there in the Terme tyme shall offer and exhibite the same Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce (1) so had and made by anie of the saide Rebells and Psons attainted, before in the saide Acte of Confirmac&n and other the Recordes of their Attaindo" severallie named, and not so brought into the saide Cowrte of Exchequere, and there exhibited within the Yere aforesaide, shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effecte to all intentf and p'poses; Any Thinge in the same Conveyaunce conteyned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

II.

On such Production Conveyance* shall be inrolled, and the Party claiming under them may, for One Year, produce Evidence of their being made bond fide; but iron Information for the Crown such Conveyances are at any Time after found to be fraudulent, they shall be void.

And be yt further enacted by thauctorytie afforesaide, That the Treasorer Chauncello' and Barons of the saide Cowrte of the Exchequer, or any of them, uppon everie suche offeringe and exhibitinge of any suche Graunte Conveyaunce or Assnraunce hereafter in forme aforesaide to be made, shall forthw"1 cawse the same offer to be entred of Recorde, and shall likewise cawse the saide Conveyaunce and Assuraunce in the same Cowrte to be entred and enrolled of Recorde, w'Wte any Fee or Rewarde to be taken or had of the ptie for the doinge thereof; and after suche offer made and recorded, yt shall and may be lawfull for everie pson wch hereafter shall so exhibite and offer any suche Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce into the said Cowrte of the Exchequer, at his Libertie and Pleasure at all tymes w"‘in one yere then nexte followinge, to produce and bringe suche Testimonye Proofes and Witness, into the saide Cowrte of the Exchequer, there to be examyned, as he canne for the better Proofe of his saide Graunte and Assuraunce to be made bona fide and w"‘owte any Fraude or Covyne: and yet nevertheles yf at any tyme after, uppon any Information uppon that Case, or other InformacSn to be preferred and exhibited into the saide Courte of the Exchequer for and one the Behalf of o' saide Soveraigne Lady the Quene, or uppon any Acc&n uppon that Case, or Sute to be prosecuted by any the Patentees of the Quenes Matk her Heyres or Successors, or by any the Heyres or Assignes of any of the same Patentees, yt shall happen to be sufficiently tried and proved by Verdicte of xij Men accordinge to the comon Course of the Lawes of this Realme, that any of the saide Estates Assur*uncf and Conveyauncf made by any of the saide Rebells and Psons attaynted was made uppon any Fraude or Covyne, to thintent thereby to defraude the Quenes Majestye of such Forfayture as might have growen or comen to her Highnes by reason of any the saide Attaindo", That then every suche Estate Conveyaunce and Assuraunce so

1 to be entred and inrolled of Recorde, or ells everie suche Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce U.

A.D. 15 75-6.

18° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

615

tried and sufficiently proved as aforesaide, to be had and made by and uppon suche Fraude or Covyne, shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effecte to all Intentf Construcc&ns and P'poses, untill suche tyme as suche Tryall by Verdite shalbe lawfully undonne by Attaynte or otherwise; Anye Thinge in the saide Conveyauncf to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

III.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That this Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned Proviso for shall not in any wise extende to any Bargayne and Sale by Deede indented and enrolled, of any Landes Tenementf sdki*on goal and Hereditamentf made uppon good and trewe Considerations, wu'owte Fraude or Covyne by any of the saide Consideration^ ^ psons so attainted, at any Tyme before the Daye of his or their saide severall Treasons comytted, whereof " u) nro they stande nowe attaynted; But that every suche Bargayne and Sale shall stande and be in as good Force and Effecte as the same was or were before the makinge of this Acte; Any Thinge herein conteyned to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

IV.

And Savinge to all and every Pson and Psons and Bodies Pollitique and Corporate their Heyres and Successo", General Saving for and to the Heires and Successo" of every of them, other then suche psons and their Heyres as be or have ben pties Titles of Strangers, or pryvie to anye Estates or Conveyauncf made by Fraude or Covyne as ys aforesaide, and other then suche as shall not exhibite offer and shewe foorth their saide Grauntes Conveyances and Assurauncf in the saide Courte of the Exchequer w^in the tyme to them before in this Acte lymytted, all suche Estate Right Tytle and Intereste as they or any of them have of in or to any of the saide Manno" Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf or any pcell thereof, in as large and ample Manner and Fourme to all Intentf and Purposes as they or any of them had before the makinge of this Acte; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge.

V.

(’ ) Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend to anye Lease of Landes Proviso for Leases Tenementf or Hereditamentf moste comonly used to be letten to Ferme for Yeeres or Lives, w^in the Space of "

Twenty Yeeres before the makinge of the same Lease, and not exceedinge the Terme of One and Twenty Yeeres and Copyholds, or Three Lives from the tyme of the makinge of the saide Lease, and whereuppon the usuall accustomed yeerely Rente or more ys reserved; Nor to any Estate by Coppye of any Landes or Tenementf made accordinge to the Custom of any Mannor whereof the same ys parcell.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to redresse Disorders in Comon Infourmers upon Penall Lawes.

FOR redressinge of divers Disorders in Comon Informers, and for better Execucbn of Penall Lawes, Be yt enacted, That everye Informer upon any Penall Statute shall exhibite his Suite in proper person, and p'sue the same only by himself, or by his Attorney in Courte; and that none shalbe admitted or receyved to p'sue against any pson or personns uppon any Penall Statute but by waye of Informacon or originall Action and not otherwise, nor shall have ne use any Deputie or Deputies at all; And that uppon every suche Informacon wth shalbe exhibited, a spiall Note be made of the verye Daye Moneth and Yere of the exhibitinge thereof into any Office or to any Officer whiche lawfully may receave the same, w,howte any manner of Antedate thereof to be made; and that the same Informacon be accompted and taken to be of Recorde from that tyme forwarde and not before.

Informers on Penal Statutes shall sue by Information, &c. in Person, &c. and true Time of exhibiting each Information shall he noted thereon.

And be yt likewise enacted for the Consideration aforesaide, That no Processe be sued owte uppon anye suche -phe Prosecutor’s Informacon untill the Informacon be exhibited in fourme aforesaid; and that uppon every suche Processe shalbe Na™e Act indorsed aswell the parties name that p'sueth the same Processe, as also The statute uppon wcl‘ the Informac&n in that indorsed on Process Behalf made is grounded ; And that every Clerke makinge owte Processe contrary to the Tenor and Provision of this j^Jrnuabn. Acte shall forfayte and lose xl s. for every suche Offence; the one halfe to be to the Quenes Mat,c her Heires and Penalty, 40s. Successo", and the other half to the Partye againste whome any suche defective Processe shalbe awarded, to be recovered in any Cowrte of Recorde by Accon of Debte or Informacon, in wch no Essoygne ProteccSn Injunction or Wager of La we shalbe pmytted or allowed.

And be yt further enacted, That no Jurye shalbe compelled to appeare in any of the Queenes Ma,h’ Cowrtes at Westminster for the Tryall of any Yssue, in any suche Sute uppon any penall Lawe, for anye [suche ‘3 Offence comytted above xxx1" Miles from the Cyttie of Westni, excepte in case where the Attorney Getierall for the tyme beinge for some reasonable Cawse in that Behalf to be shewed, shall require the same to be tried at the Barre in any of the Courtes of the Quenes Ma,ic her Heires or Successo" at Westiii aforesaide; wd" Requeste shalbe noted on the backside of the Writt of Distringas thereuppon awarded, to thend the Shrieff or his Bayliffe may and shall signifie the same to the Jurye that are in suche Case impanelled.

HI.

Juries not compellable to appear at Westminster in Cases of Offences committed 30 Miles from thence, unless on Trials at Bar.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

• 0. omits.

616

18° Eliz. c.5,6.

A.D. 1575-6.

IV.

Informer shall not compound with Defendant until after Answer, nor without Leave of the Court:

On Discontinuance, Neglect, or Verdict against Informer, he shall pay Costs to Defendant.

V.

Punishment of Informers compounding Offences under Penal Acts; Pillory, Incapacity to sue, and jt'io Penalty.

Justices of Assize and Ses&ions may determine Offences.

VL

Proviso for Suits on the Statutes against Champerty, &c.

vn.

Proviso for Corporations, Ac. entitled to Forfeitures, See.

VIII. Proviso for Officers using to exhibit Informations.

IX.

Continuance of Act; End of next Session.

And be yt further enacted, That no suche Informer or Playntyffe shall or may compounde or agree w"1 any person or persons that shall offende or shalbe surmysed to offende against any Penall Statute, for suche Offence commytted or pretended to be committed, but after answere made in Cowrte unto the Information or Suite in that Behalf exhibited or prosecuted, nor after answere but by the Order or Consente of the Courte in w* the same Informad&n or Sute shalbe dependinge, uppon the paynes and penalties hereafter in this present Acte sett downe and declared ; And that yf any suche Informer or Playntief as aforesaid shall willinglie delaye his Sute, or shall discontinue or be non sute in the same, or shall have the Tryall or Matter paste againste him therein by Verdicte or Judgment of Lawe, that then in every suche case the same Informer or Playntief shall yelde satisfie and paye unto the partie Defendaunte his Costes Charges and Damages, to be assigned by the Courte in wch the same Sute shalbe attempted; For the recovery and execuc&n whereof, every suche Defendaunte shall, imediatly uppon the same Costes Charges and Damages assigned, have his Capias ad satisfaciend, Fier fecit, or Elegit, to be awarded unto him owte of the same Cowrte in w* the same shalbe so assigned as ys aforesaide, as in other cawses of Execuc&n.

And be yt also enacted, That yf any person or psons, (excepte the Clerkes of the Cowrte only for makinge owte of Processe otherwise then ys above appointed,) shall offende in suinge owte of Processe makinge of Composic&n or other Misdemeano', contrary to the trewe intente and meaninge of this Statute, or shall by collo' or pretence of Processe, or w^owte processe uppon collo' or pretence of any Matter of Offence againste any penall Lawe, make any Composic&n or take any Money Rewarde or Promyse of Rewarde for himself or to the use of any other, w,howte Order or Consente of some of her Ma" Cowrtes at Westm, that then he or they so offendinge, beinge thereof lawfollie convicted, shall stande [one 1 ] the Pillorye in some Markett Towne next adjoyninge where the same Offence shalbe comytted, in the open Markett tyme, and there remayne by the space of Twoo Howres, and shall from and after suche Conviction, for ever be disabled to pursue or be Playntyf or Informer in anye Sute or Informac&n uppon any Statute populer or penall; and shall also for every suche Offence forfeyte and lose Tenne poundes of lawfull Englishe Money, the one half thereof to the Quenes Ma"' her heyres and successo", and the other half to the partie greeved thereby, to be recovered in any Cowrte of Recorde by Acc&n of Debte or Informac&n, in w1" no Essoigne Protection Injunction or Wager of Lawe shalbe permitted or allowed; And that Justices of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of Assise in their Circuytes, and Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions, shall have full power and aucthoritie to heare and determyne all Offences to be comytted or donne contraiye to the trewe intente and meaninge of this present Acte.

Provided alwayes and nevertheles be yt enacted, That yt shall and may be lawfull to and for any pson or psons greeved by meanes of any manner of Maynten*nce Champtie buyeng of Tytles or Imbracerye, to pursue uppon any Thestatutes provided and sett forth against Maynten'nce Champtie buyenge of Tytles or Imbracerye, as he or they might have donne before the makinge of this Acte; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provyded also, That this Acte shall not extende to any Sute alreadye dependinge, nor shall restraine any certaine pson Bodye Pollitique or Corporate to whome or to whose use any Forfeyture Penaltie or Sute ys or shalbe speciallie lymytted or graunted by vertue of any Statute, and not generally to any pson that will sue, but that everye suche certayne pson Bodye Pollitique or Corporate wch might sue or infourme as yf this Acte were not made, may in suche case sue infourme and p’sue as he or they might have donne yf this Acte were never had nor made.

And provided also, That neyther this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned, shall in any wise extend to any suche Officer of Recorde as have in respecte of their Offices heretofore lawfully used to exhibite Informac&ns, or sue uppon Penall Lawes, nor to any Officers infourminge or p'suinge for Matters onely concerninge his or their Offices, but that theye and every of them may infourme and p'sue in that behalf, as they might have donne before the makinge of this Acte; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

This Acte to take force and effecte from the Feaste of Easter nexte cominge, and from [thence1 ] to endure unto thende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament.

For the better Maintenance of Colleges, Ac.;

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the Mainten'nce of the Colledgf in the Universityes, and of Winchester and Eaton.

FOR the better Mainten'nce of Leaminge and the better Relief of Scollers in the UnivWies of Cambridge and Oxforde, and the Colledges of Winchester and Eaton : Be yt enacted by the Quenes Ma* the Lordes SjSuall and Tempall and the Comons in this present Pliament assembled and by thauctorytie of the same, That no Master Provoste Presydent Warden Deane Governo' Rector or chief Ruler of any Colledge Cathedrall Churche Halle or Howse of Leaminge in any of the Universities aforesaide, nor no Provoste Warden or other Hed Officer of the saide Colledges of Winchester or Eaton, nor the Corporac&n of any of the same, by what Tytle Style or Name soever they

* thencefourthe O.

A.D. 1575-6.

J8° Eliz. c. 6, 7.

617

nowe be shall or may be called, after thende of this present Session of Parliament, shall make anye Lease for lief lieves or yeeres, of anie ferme or anie their Lands Teiitf or other Heredytamentf to the w* anie Tythes Errable Lande Meadowe or Pasture dothe or shall apperteigne, excepte that thone thirde pte at the leaste of tholde Rente be rese'ved and paide in Corne for the saide Colleges Cathedrall Churche Halles and Howses; that is to saye, in good Wheate after vjs. viij d. the Quarter or under, and good Make after v s. the Quarter or under, to be delivered yerelie uppon dayes prefixed at the saide Colledges Cathedrall Churche Halles or Howses; and for defaulte thereof to paye to the said Colledgf Cathedrall Churche Halls or Howses in readie Money, at the Election of the saide Lessees their Executo" Administrate" and Assignes, after the rate as the beste Wheate & Malte in the Markett of Cambridge, for the Rents that are to be paide to the use of the Howse or Howses there, and in the Market of Oxforde for the Rents that are to be paide to the use of the Howse or Howses there, and in the Market of Winchester for the Rents that are to be paide to the use of the Howse or Howses there, and in the Market of Windesore for the Rents that are to be paide to thuse of the Howse or Howses at Eaton, ys or slialbe solde, the nexte Markett Daye before the saide Rente shalbe due, w,howte Fraude or Deceipte; And that all Leases otherwise hereafter to be made, and all collateral! Bondes or Assuraunce to the contrarye by anye of the saide Corporac&ns, shalbe voyde in Lawe to all Intentf and Prposes; The same Wheat Malte or the Money cominge of the same to be expended to the use of the Relief of the Commons and Diett of the saide Colledges Cathederall Churche Halles and Howses onlie, and by no fraude nor collo' lett nor solde awaye from the profitt of the saide Colledgf Cathedrall Churche Halles and Howses, and the Fellowes and Scollers in the same, and the use aforesaide; upon payne of deprivac&n to the Governo' and Chief Rulers of the said Colleges Cathedrall Churche Halles and Howses, and all other thereto consentinge.

( 1) Provided alwayes. That this Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned shall not extende or be in anye wise prejudicall to any Lease to be made of a Barne called Mouncken B.irne w"1 a c?teine porc&n of Tythes rysinge growinge and beinge in the parishe of Sowthweeke in the Countye of Sussex, beinge pcell of the possessions of Mawdeleyn Colledge in Oxforde ; so that the tearme demysed in and by the saide Lease exceede not the number of tenne yeeres from & after the Feaste of S* Mychaell Tharchangell nexte cominge j Anye Thinge therein especified to the contrarie notw^standinge.

Provided also, That this Acte shall not extende to any Lease to be made by the President and Scollers of the College of S' John Baptiste in Oxforde, to any Heire Male of S' Thomas White, late Knighte and Alderman of London, Fownder of the saide Colledge, w* Lease shalbe made accordinge to the meaninge of the Foundacftn and Statutes of the saide Colledge of the Mann' of Fyffett and no other Hereditamentf.

On Leases of Lands of College* in the Two Univeifitiei, ami of the College* of Winchester and Eton, One-third at leait of the Kent shall be reserved in Com, to be delivered or the Value paid, at the Option of the Lessees, according to the Market Price.

All Leases, See. made otherwise, declared void.

plication of I Com, &c.

II.

Proviso for a Lease of Mounken Barn in Sussex.

III. Proviso for certain Leases to the Heirs Male of Sir T. White, the Founder of St. John’s College Oxford.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte to take awaye Cleargie from thoffendours in Rape and Burglarye, and an Order for the Deliverye of

Clarkf convicte w,hout Purgacon.

FOR the repressinge of the moste wicked and felonious Rapes or Ravishementf of Women Maydes Wieves and Damsells and of felonious Burglaries, and for the avoydinge of sundrye Perjuries and other Abuses in and aboute the purgacon of Clarkes convicte delivered to the Ordinaries; Be it enacted and ordeyned by the aucthority of this present Pliament, That yf any psonne or psons shall fortune, at any tyme after the firste daye of June nowe nexte ensuinge, to cdmytt or do any manner of felonious Rape Ravishement or Burglarye, and to be founde gyltie by Verdicte of any suche felonious Rape or Burglarye, or that any psonne or psonns shall fortune to be owtlawed for any the Offences aforesaide, or uppon his or their Arraignement shall confesse any suche felonious Rape or Burglarye, that in every suche Case every pson and psons, so beinge found gyltye owtlawed or confessinge any of the saide felonious Rapes or Burglaries, shall suffer paynes of Death and forfeyte as in cases of Felonie hath ben used and accustomed by the Common Lawes of this Realme, w^owte any Allowaunce of the Privilege or Benefitte of Clergie; Any Lawe Custome or Usage heretofore had made or used to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And moreover be yt further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaide, That every pson and psons wc" at any tyme after the ende of this present Session of Parliament, shalbe admytted and allowed to have the Benefitt or Priviledge of his or their Clergie, shall not thereuppon be delyvered to the Ordinarye as hath ben accustomed; but after such Clergie allowed, and buminge in the Hande accordinge to the Statute in that Behalf provided, shall forthwith be enlardged and delivered owte of Pryson by the Justices before whome suche Cleargie shalbe graunted, that (*) notwithstandinge.

For repressing Rape* and Burglaries;

Persons convicted, Ac. of such Offences deprived of Benefit of Clergy.

II.

Persons allowed Clergy, and burned in the Hand, shall be discharged without being committed to the Ordinary.

Provided nevertheles and be yt also enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaide, That the Justices before whome any guch Persons suche Allowaunce of Cleargie shalbe had, shall and may, for the further CorreccSn of suche psons to whome suche may be imprisoned Cleargie shalbe allowed, deteyne and kepe them in pryson for suche convenient tyme as the same Justices in their for One Ye,r‘ d/^crecons shall thinke convenient, so as the same do not exceede one yeeres Imprysonment; Anye Lawe or Usage Vearetofore had or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

‘ The Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

cawse 0.

7 S

618

18° Eliz. c.7, 8,

A.D. 1575-6.

IV.

Violating Females under Ten Year* of Age,Felony without

Persons allowed Clergy shall be tried for all other Felonies charged against them.

(') And for playne declaracon of Lawe, Be yt enacted, That yf any person shall unlawfully and carnally knowe and abuse any Woman Childe under the Age of Tenne yeeres, everie suche unlawfull and carnall knowledge shalbe Fellonye, and the Offendor thereof beinge dewlye convicted shall suffer as a Felon w^owt Alloweaunce of Cleargie.

Provided alwayes, That all and every pson and psons w'" shall hereafter be admitted to have the Benefitt of his or their Cleargie shall, notw^standinge his or their Admission to the 6ame, be put to answere to all other Felonies, whereof he or they shalbe hereafter indicted or appealed, and not beinge thereof before acquited convicted attainted or pdoned, and shall in suche manner and fourme be arraigned tried adjudged and suffer suche execuc&n for the same as he or they shoulde have doone yf, as Clarke or Clarkes convicte, they had ben delyvered to the Ordinary, and there had made his or their Purgac&ns; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notw^standinge.

Administration of Justice in Wales and Chester at Great Sessions, Sec. before Oue Justice in the sereral Circuits;

Advantage of Two Justices being appointed, and Doubts as to the Power of appointing them;

The Crown declared to hare full Power to appoint Two or more Justices in each such Circuit.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the appointinge and aucthorising of Justices of Assises in the Shieres of Wales.

WHEREAS by dyvers laudable Statutes Usages and Lawes of this Realme for the good Goverment and Admynistratyon of Justice w^in the Principallitye and Domynyon of Wales and the Countye Palantyne of Chester, yt hath bene established used and enacted amongs other Things that there shalbe holden and kepte Sessyons twise in everye Yere in everie of the Shires in the saide Domynyon and Principallitie of Wales, that ys to saye, in the Shires of Glamorgan Brecknock Radnor Caerifithen Pembroke the Towne and Countye of Haverforde Weste Cardigan Mountgomery Denbighe Flynt Caemervan Meryoneth and Anglizey, and in the said Countye Palantyne of Chester, the w‘h Sessions are called the Kinges Greate Sessyons; and that the Justice of Chester for the tyrne beinge shall holde and kepe Sessions twise in everye yere in the Shires of Chester Denbigh Flynt and Mountgomerye; And likewise that the Justice of Northwales shall holde and kepe Sessyons twyse everie yere in everye of the said Shires of Caemarvan Meryoneth and Anglizey ; And that also one person learned in the Lawes of this Realme of England, by the Quenes Majestie to be appoynted, shalbe Justice of the Shires of Radnor Brecknock and Glamorgon, and shall in likewise holde and kepe Sessions twise in everie yere in everie of the same Shires; And that one other pson learned in the Lawes of this Realine to be appointed as ys afforesaide shalbe Justice of the Shires of Caermerthen Pembroke and Cardigan, and the Towne and Countye of Haverforde Weste, and shall in likewise holde and kepe Sessyons twise in everie yere in everie of the same Shires ; And that the said psons or Justicf and everie of them then beinge or that thereafter shoulde (*) have severall Ires Patentf and Comyssyons for their Offices under the Greate Seale of England, to be exercysed by themselves or their sufficient Deputies, accordinge to the Purportf & Intentf in the Ordyn'nces specyfied : Forasmuche as by the good Admynystrafon of Justice w,bin the said Shires and Counties the same Frincipalytie and Domynyon of Wales, and the said Countye Pallantyne of Chester, are reduced to [theJ ] greate Obedience of her Majesties Lawes, and the same greatelye inhabited manured and peopled ; And for that all and all manner Cawses Plees Acc5ns aswell Reall Psonall and Mixte, Treasons Plees of the Crowne Attayntf Conspiracies Assises Quare Impedit Appeales of Murder Maymes and Fellony and Triall uppon all Murders Manslauters and Fellonies whatsoever arysinge w,hin the saide severall Circuitf, are by the saide Lawes Usages and Statutes impleadeable impleded and determinable before One onlie Justice as ys aforesaide ; And for that manye greate and waightie Cawses Matters Questyons Demurrers and Ambiguyties in Lawe doe thereuppon daylie arise encrease and are like daylie more and more to encrease w^in the saide Shires, to the infinite trouble of suche One Justice w,bin everie of the saide severall Circuytes, and to the greate Delaye and Hinderaunce of Admynystrac&n of Justice: For the better and more spedie Remedie whereof her Majesties Subjects of the saide Principallitie and Domynion of Wales and Countie Pallantyne of Chester have made their moste humble Petic&n and Sute to her Highnes, to have Too Justicf learned in the Lawes in everie of the saide severall Circuytf : And Forasmuche as some Questyon Ambiguitie and Doubte hath benne heretofore made, whether her Highnes by her Ires Patentf under the Greate Seale of Englande might or may aucthorize constitute or appointe Twoo psons or more to be her Highnes Justicf in everie of the said severall Circuitf, or graunte Comyssione or Cotnyssions of Associac&n or Associac&ns to or w"1 everie or any suche severall Justice & Justicf or no; And also whether after suche Graunte the Admynystradbn of Justice in those Officf and Function don by Two may be sufficientlie warraunted by Lawe or no; For playne explanac&n whereof and for the better Redres and more spedie Admynystrac&n of Justice to be had towchinge the Premysses, Be yt declared explaned enacted and established by the Quenes moste excellent Ma" by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That the Quenes Highnes her Heires and Successors may and shall, at her or their Will and Pleasure, have full Power Prerogative and Aucthority from tyme to tyme to constitute aucthorize name or appointe Two or more, learned as aforesaide in the Lawes of this Realme, to be Justicf of and for the saide Counties of Chester Flynt Denbighe and Mountgomery; And Two or more, learned as aforesaide, to be Justicf of Northwales, viz. of and for the saide Shires of Anglisey Caemervan and Merioneth; And likewise Twoo or more, learned as afforesaide, to be Justicf of and for the saide Circuytf and Shires of Radnor Glamorgan and Brecknock; and also Twoo or more, learned as aforesaid, to be Justicf of and for the said Circuyte and Shires of Cardigan Carmerthen and Pembroke and the Towne and Countie of Haverforde Weste; Any Lawe Usage Opinion

1 These Two Clauses are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * be, should O. * 0. omits.

18° Eliz. c. 8, 9,

619

.Z>.1575-6.

i

i

I

i

i

i

F

t

i

f;

i

k

■ i

>1

or Statute to the contrarie notwithstandinge: And that her Majestie her Heires and Successors may and shall, at her and their good will and pleasure, from tyme to tyme associate and graunte Comission and Comyssyons of Assosiacftn or Associations under the Greate Seale of Englande, to any pson or psons learned as afforesaide, to be associate to or w* [eny * ] or any such severall Justice or Justicf for the tyme beinge of the said severall Circuytf and Counties afforesaid, or in any of the saide Counties: And that all and everie suche Two Justicf or more w,hin everie of the said severall Circuytes and Counties, and also that everie suche Justice or Justicf together w"1 suche psone or persons associat, yf any such Association or Associations shall happen to be as aforesaide, duringe suche Association, and after suche Associacbn ended, or w,howte such Association, such Justice or Justicf shall have the like full Power Prehemynence Aucthoritye and Jurisdiction from hencefoorth, to all Ententf Constructyons Purposes and Effects, as any One Justice w*in any of the saide Circuytf or Shires afforesaide nowe hath or at anye tyme heretofore had or ought to have; and also shall have like Power Aucthoritye Prehemynence and Jurisdiction to kepe and holde the severall Sessyons afforesaide twise in everie Yere in everie of the said Shires w,hin their severall Circuitf aforesaide, and to heare determyne order awarde adjudge receyve take knowledge of and execute, all and singter Cawses Matters Plees of Assises Treasons Murthers Fellonies Inditementf Appeales of Murther Fellony and Maytnes, Accyons Realls Psonalls and myxte, Suytf Pleyntes Informations Quarells Attaintf Conspiracies Quare Impedit, and all Actions grounded uppon any Statute or Statutf, Writtf Processes Retomes Essoignes Verdictf Judgmentf Fynes Acknowledgf Confessions Warrantf and Executions Accbns and Actes whatsoever, and to doe perfourme observe accomplishe and make all and everye other Acte and Acts Matter and Matters Thinge & Things whatsoever, in like and in as ample beneficial 1 lawfull and effectuall Manner and Fourme, to all Constructions Qualityes Intentf and Purposes, as any of the nowe sev^all Justicf, or any One of the nowe Justice or Justicf, w,hin the same several Circuyte or Circuitf and Counties afforesaide may ought hath or mighte lawfullie doe by force of any Lawe Usage or Statute heretofore had made or used before the makinge of this Acte: and that from henceforth all and singter Writtf Processes Retomes Essoynes Verdictf Judgmentf Fynes Recoveries Recognisauncf Acknowledgf Confession Acte and Actes ’Thinge and Thinges Matter and Matters as aforesaid, had made taken don retorned heard determined awarded adjudged or executed by or before any suche Twoo Justicf or more, or any suche Justice or Justicf and Associate or Associate as aforesaide, (’) be appointed noiated aucthorysed or constituted as aforesaide, shalbe allowed taken construed expounded and adjudged as good effectuall and avayleable to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, as yf the same had benne had made taken donne retorned heard determyned awarded adjudged or executed by or before any such One Justice, or One of the Justicf nowe or late beinge Justice or Justicf of the same Circuyte or severall Circuytf aforesaide; Any Lawe Usage Statute Acte Ordinaunce or Prescription to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

and to grant Commission* of Association* with such Justices

Such Justices, &c. shall have the tame Power in all Respects, in the several Circuits, at were formerly-exercised by one Justice.

ia

S!

[it

m

a

a

4

4

I

r

is

p

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte againste the transporting of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hydes out of the Realme.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westm in the firste yere of the Raigne of the Quenes moste Excellent Majestie, one Acte was made. That the carienge of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hydes owte of the Realme for Marchandizes, shoulde be Fellonye; whiche Acte was made to endure but for a certeyne tyme, and afterwardes was discontinued, and sythens, viz. in the Firste Sessyon of this present Parlyament, renued to have Conrynuance for certeine yeres yet to come : And where also in the Parlyament holden in the fifthe yere of her Majesties Raigne, one other Acte was made uppon greate Advice Conference and Deliberation, concerninge Tanners Curriers Shoemakers and other Artyficers occupienge the Cuttinge of Leather, and therebie all former Actes were repealed concerninge the same ; by w* Meanes yt was hoped that the goodnes of Leather, and the excesse Pryses thereof, as also of Tallowe, shoulde have ben remedied, wrt notw^standinge daylye hathe encreased and yet doth; the cawse whereof is that beinge shipped for Forraigne Parties, [are1] transported owte of the Realme, noe Forfeyture ys geven to him or them that will sease or sue for the same: For Remedie whereof, Be it enacted by the Quene our Soveraigne Ladye, and by thaucthoritye of this present Parliament, That the said Acte made in the saide firste yere, and contynued in the firste Session of the present Parliament, shalbe repealed; and that somuche of the saide Acte made in the saide fifthe yere and the Provisoes therein conteyned, as doe or dothe concerne the transportinge of Leather or Hydes, shalbe continued and dulye put in Execution.

And be yt further enacted, That yt shall not be lawfull for anye person or psons to lade shippe or carrie in any Vessell or Shipp or otherwise, any Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides, of interne to transporte or carrie the same into any place or places of the partes beyonde the Seas, or into the Realme of Scotland, by Lande or by Seas, other then Scottishe Hydes, accordinge to the saide Provisoe in the saide Acte made in the saide fifthe yere, uppon (4) paynes and forfaytures hereafter ensuinge. That ys to saye, uppon (4) payne of the Forfayture of the saide Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides so laden or transported, and treble the vallewe thereof to be forfeyted by the Owner or Owners, and sUsao the Owners of the saide Shippf or Vessells knowinge of suche Offence to forfeyte the said Shippf or Vessells w4*1 all theyr Apparell and Fumyture to them and everie of them belonginge; and the Maysters and Maryners knowinge q1 suche Offence to forfeyte all their Goodes and Chattels, and to have Imprysonm* by the space of one yere w'*owt

St. i Eliz. e. to.

against exporting Leather, revived Dy

14 Eliz. c. 4.

j Eliz. c. 8. as to Tanners, &c.

1 Eliz. c. to repealed, and 5 Eliz. c. 8. 1 41, 41, 43. as to exporting Leather confirmed.

II.

Penalty on shipping Leather, Tallow, )Vc. for Exportation; Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ships and Goods of the Owners snd Mariners being privy thereto.

>e9y O.

1 or 0.

4 the 0.

620

18° Eliz. c.9, 10.

A.D. 1575-6.

in.

Owner, Muter, or Mariner (liecovering Offences, shall not incur Forfeiture.

IV.

Persons exporting Leather, See. shall pay I os. per Hide, dec. as Subsidy;

for which the Customers shall account under 3H.VI. c. 3.

Bayle or Mayneprise; Thone Moytie of all wch Forfaytures to be to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, thother Moytie to hym or them that will sue for the same by Acc6n of Debte or Information in anye Courte of Recorde, in w'* Sute no Protection nor Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted.

Provided alwayes, That yf any Owner of any suche Shippe or Vessell or any Master or Maryner knowinge any suche transportation of Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides, shall w^in Three Monethes nexte after his knowledge thereof, or after his Retorne into this Realme, geve good Information bona fide before anye of the Barrons of the Quenes Majesties Courte of Thexchequer, or before the Lorde Presydent or Councell in the Northe, or in the Marches of Wales, or before the Head Officer of any Porte where hee shall firste aryve, uppon his or their Othe of the hmber and quantitye of Leather Tallowe and Rawe Hides so caried conveyed and transported, and by whome where and in what Shippe and Vessell, and afterwards shalbe redye uppon reasonable waminge by Processe to justifie and prove the same for the Quenes Majestye, That then such Owner or Owners Mayster Maryner or Maryners shall not forfeyte his or their Shippe Vessell or Vessells, nor incurre the Forfeytures aforesaide; Any Things herein conteyned to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And be yt further enacted by thauctorytie aforesaide, That everie pson or psons whatsoever that shall shippe or carye any Leather Tallowe or Rawe Hides, otherwise then by force of the saide Proviso made in the saide fifthe yere, into the partes of beyonde the Seas, from henceforth shall paye to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successours for everye Hide so to be caryed, by the name of Subsidye, the Siime of Tenn Shillingf, and for everie Dosen of Calves Skynnes, Three Shillingf sower Pence, and for everie Hundred Pounde Waight of Tallowe, Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence: And further, That all Customers Comptrollers Farmours and Supervisours of Customes and Subsidye, shalbe accomptaunt to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successours, to paye the saide Custome and Subsidye for all suche Goodes entred and laden, uppon the paynes and penalties conteyned in the Statute made for false Concealementf of Customes and Subsidie in the thirde yere of the Raigne of Kinge H. the Sixthe.

CHAPTER X.

An Actb of addition unto the former Actes for the amending and repayring of Highewayes.

1,3?. &M. c. 8. TT THERE in the Parlyament holden at Westni in the Seconde and Third yeeres of the Raignes of our late fiighwxyi -3 W Sov’aigne Lord and Ladie Kinge Philipp and Queen Marye, an Acte was made and ordeyned for thamendinge

and repayringe of Highewayes: And whereas there ys one other Acte made in the Fifthe yere of our Soveraigne Ladie the Quene that nowe ys, for the better amendement of Highewayes, wherein some Doubtes and Defectf have benne: For explanation whereof, and better provisyon hereafter to be made for amendement of Highewayes, Be yt explaned [ordeyned1 ] and enacted by the Quenes Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons of this present Charges for Plyam' assembled and by thauctorytie of the same, That everie person or psons (excppt such as shall dwell in the

orTPeraoni'alsesKd Cyttie London) that shalbe assessed to the payment of any Subsidie to her Majestie to five pounde in Goodes or fourtye shillingf in Landes or above, duringe all suche tyme as he shall stande so assessed and not altered, and beinge none of the parries chargeable for thamendement of Highewayes by any former Lawe, but as a Cottager, shall finde twoo able men yerelye to laboure in the Highewayes, at suche dayes and tymes as by the saide severall Statutes are lymytted and appoynted: And everye other that hereafter shall occupie a Ploughe Lande in Tyllage or Pasture lyenge and beinge in severall Pishes, shalbe chargeable to the makinge of the Wayes w,hin the Pishe where he dwelleth, as farre for the and in suche manner and fourme as any pson havinge a Ploughe Lande in any one Pishe ys or ought to be chargeable by reason of the saide former Statutes, or eyther of them; And that everye pson or psons occupienge and kepinge in his or their Handes or Possession severall or dyvers Ploughelandes as aforesaide, in severall or dyvers Townes shalbe charged to finde in eche Towne or Pishe (where the Ploughelands beinge in his occupienge do lye) one Carte Wayne Tumbrell Dounge Pott or Courte Sleades Carres or Dragges furnished for thamendement and repayringe of the Highe wayes wthin the severall Pishes where the saide Ploughelandes do lye, in suche manner and fourme as yf he and they were a Pishioner dwellinge w'hin the Pishes where the same severall Ploughelandes doe lye.

to Subtidies for S&5 Goods, or 401. Land;

On Occupiers of One or more Plough-Lands.

II.

Penalty on not repairing Hedges, cutting Trees, 4c. 10s. j

on not scouring Ditches, tad. per Rod.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritye aforesaid. That all and every pson and psons that shall not repayre diche or scower any Hayes Fences Diches or Hedgf adjoyninge to anye Highe Waye or Comon Fayringe Waye, or shall not cutt downe or kepe lowe all Trees and Bushes growinge in or nexte adjoyninge to any the saide Wayes, . accordinge to the true Intente and Meaninge of thabove recyted Acte made in the fifthe yere of the Quenes Ma°® Raigne that nowe ys, for everye Offence comytted therein contrary to the trewe Intente thereof, shall forfeyte and lose for every Defaulte Tenne shillinges ; And that all and everie pson and psons that shall occupie any Landes adjoyninge to the saide Grounde so adjoyninge to anye suche Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye where anye dichinge or scowringe shoulde or ought to be as aforesaide, shall from tyme to tyme as nede shall require diche and scower in his and theire Grounde so adjoyninge, whereby the Water conveyed from the saide Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye over the Grounde next adjoyninge may have passage over the saide Grounde so nexte adjoyninge to that Grounde, uppon payne of Forfayture for everie tyme so offendinge, for everie Rood not so diched and scowred xij d.

0. omita.

A.D. 1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 10.

621

And for the better kepinge of the Highe Wayes passable for her Ma,ic’ People; Be yt enacted by thauctoritye aforesaide, That no pson or psons havinge anye Grounde by Lease or otherwise adjoyninge to any Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye leadinge to anye Markett Towne, shall caste or scowre any Diche, and throwe or laye the Soyle thereof into the Highe Waye and suffer yt to lye there by the Space of Sixe Monethes, to the Anoyaunce of the saide Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye, uppon payne of forfayture for everie Lode of Soyle so caste into the Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye in dichinge or scowringe Twelve pence : And where any heretofore have byn so caste into the Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye that there ys a Banke betwene the saide Waye and the Diche, yt shalbee lawefull for the Surveyers and Workemen by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme appointed for the Amendement of the saide [highe '] Wayes, to make Slewces or other Devices by their Discrecos to conveye the Water oute of the saide Waye into the Diche; Any Lawe Righte Intereste Custome or Usage to the contrarye notw^standinge ; And that all and everye Penaltye summe or summes of Money forfayted for any Cause w,bin this Statute, shalbe levyed in everye Pishe by the S'veyo" of the Wayes w"‘in that Pishe for the tyme beinge, by Distresse and Sale of Distresse in manner and fourme as Fynes or Amercyamentf in Leetf have bene used, and the Money so levied to be imployed uppon the Highe Waye or Common Fayringe Waye where thoffence was commytted ; And yf the S'veyo" shall not or will not levie and imploye the same w^in one yere after the Offence soe commytted,. that then the saide summe or summes Forfeyture or Forfeytures shalbe levied in fourme aforesaide by the Cunstables or Churchewardens of the Towne or Pishe where the Worke ought to be donne in the Highe Waye (as aforesayde) and that he or they so levienge any of the saide Penalties or Forfeytures shall make and yelde suche Accompte appointed in the before recyted Statutes or eyther of them.

And be it further enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide. That all and everie Justicf of Assise Justicf of Oyer and Termyner Justices of the Peace in the Sessions and Stewardes of Leetes and Lawedayes in their Leetes and Lawedayes, shall heare and determyne all and everye Offence Matter and Cawse that shall growe come or rise by reason of this Statute.

And Where the Ferrie or Passage called Kings Ferrie w"'in the Isle of Shepey in the Countie of Kente, before the makinge of the Statute of Highe Wayes, was usuallie repayred and maynteyned tyme oute of Memorie of Man at the Charges of all Thinhabitantf and Lande Occupiers w,hin the whole Isle, by TaxacSn and Sessement at one Courte or Lawedaye tyme owte of mynde yerelie holden, on the Mundaye nexte after the Feaste of Pentecoste, at Kingesborowe w^in the saide Isle in the name of the Quenes Majestie and her Progenitours, onlye for the Maynten'nce of the same Ferrie; Be it therefore enacted, That the saide Courte shalbe dulie kepte in suche manner and fourme as hath byn heretofore accustomed, and that yt shall and may be lawfull to and for the Jurye impannelled and sworne at the same Courte for the tyme beinge by their discrec&ns reasonable to assesse and taxe themselves and all other Thinhabitauntf and Lande Occupiers of the saide Isle indifferentlie, accordinge to the Rate of Lande in everie Mans occupienge, towards the Mainten'nce of the saide Ferrye and Passage, and the Wayes belonginge or leadinge to the same, so as no Acree of Freshe Marshe and Uplande be taxed above the Rate of a Penye in one yere, nor of everye Tenne Acres of Salte Marshe, above the Rate of a Pennye in one yere; And that all and every Thinge Proffitt Benefitt and Comoditie w0" heretofore hathe ben gyven by any persone or persones whatsoever towardes the Maynten‘nce of the same Passage or Ferrie shalbe had and levied to the Maynten'nce of the said Passage or Ferrye, and that the Ferrye Warden for the tyme beinge shall have full Power and Aucthorytie to levye recover and receave the same, and the Taxes and Assessementf of every person and persons by waye of Distresse uppon thextreates made owte by the Stewarde of the saide Courte as all AiSciam’f are used to be levied that are extreated owte of other the Quenes Majesties Leetes and Lawdayes; And that the saide Ferrie Warden shall bestowe the Money so levied uppon the repayringe and maynten'nce of the saide Ferrie Passage and Wayes, and thereof shall geve accompte as they have ben accustomed, to the Stewarde of the saide Courte and Homage, there to be sworne at the nexte Lawedaye following, and all Arrerages in his Handes remainynge, shall delyver over to the nexte Ferrie Warden, [one payne to forfcyte the double of the saide Arrerages, to be levied as other Paynes and Amerciamentf in the Courte aforesaide assessed, and to be employed to the Maynten'nce of the saide Passage or Ferrie.

And Forasmuche as the usuall Highe Waye leadinge from the Markett Towne called Myddleton to the saide Ferrie, is presentlie in suche Decaye, that neyther Man nor Beaste wILowte greate Daunger is able to passe, whatsoever Necessitie shoulde sodenlye happen for Men to repayre into or owte of the saide Isle, and the Parishe where the same lyeth is not able to repayre the same; Be yt therefore further enacted, That yt shalbe lawfull from henceforth yerelye duringe the Space of Tenne yeres, for Three Justicf of Peace, wherof One to be of Quoru nexte inhabitinge to the saide Towne of Myddleton w'^in the saide Countie of Kente, reasonable to assesse and taxe all and everie Lande Occupiers dwellinge owte of the saide Isle and w^in Fower Myles distant from the saide Ferrie as to their discrec&ne shall seme convenyent, not excedinge the sume of One Pennye upon everie Acre of Freshe Marshe and Uplande in one yere, and uppon everie Tenne Acres of Salte Marshe One Pennye in one yere, and to assigne and appointe suche person and personnes as they shall think mete, for the collectinge and imployinge of the same uppon the saide Highe Wayes; and that yt shalbe lawfull for the saide Three Justicf for the tyme beinge yerelye duringe the saide Tenne yeres to take Accompte and Reckninge of the saide person or persons r«owchinge or conceminge the said Money so to be levied or imployed.

1 0. omits. * on 0.

7T

III.

Penalty on throwing Scouring! of Ditches into the Roads;

Surveyors may make Sluices;

Penalties leviable by Surveyor or on his Neglect by Constables, &c, by Distress.

IV.

Justices, Src. may determine Offences.

V.

For maintaining King's Ferry in the Isle of Shepey

The Inhabitants shall be assessed by the Annual Court at Kings-borough, at id. for every Acre of Upland, \c. and for every 10 Acres of Marsh, under the Disposition of the Ferry Warden,

arc.

VI.

Justices shall make Assessments, for Ten Years, for maintaining the Highways from Middleton to the Ferry.

622

18° Eliz. c. 11.

A.D. 1575-6

Recital of Stat.

13 Elia. c. 10. § a. for restraining Leases by Colleges, See.

Evasion thereof;

All Leases made

by Colleges, Sec. of Lands, &c. being in Lease for more than 3 Years then unexpired, See. declared void.

XL

All Bonds to the contrary-declared void.

III.

Proviso for existing Leases.

IV.

Foundation of St. John's College Oxford by Sir Thomas White, seised of the Manor of Fishyde or Fi field in Berkshire.

Leases of the said Manor under Statutes of the said Colleges, Sec. for 99 Years.

Such Leases may be made by the College to every Heir Male of Sir T. White successively.

CHAPTER XL

An Acte for Thexplanac&n of the Statutf entytuled againste the defeating of Dilapidations, and againste Leases to bee made of Spuall Promocfins in some Respects.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in a Parliament holden at Westminster the seconde daye of Aprill in the thirtenth yere of the Raigne of or moste gracious Soveraigne Ladie, entytled An Acte against fraudulent Giftf to the intent to defeate Dilapidac6ns of EccfasticaJl Lyvingf, and for Leases to be graunted by Collegiate Churches, yt was amongeste other Things enacted by thaucthoritye of Parliament, That from thenceforth all Leases Gyftf Grauntes FeofFementf Conveyauncf or Estates, to be made had donne or suffred by any Mr and Fellowes of anye Colledge, or by anye Deane and Chapter of anye Cathedrall or Collegiate Churche, Mayster or Guardian of anye Hospitall, Parson Vicar or anye other havinge anye Spuall or EcJfasticall Lyvinge, [or '] anye Howses Landes Tythes Tents or other Hereditamentf beinge any pcell of the Possessions of any suche Colledge Cathedrall Churche Chapter" Hospitall Parsonage Vicarage or other Spuall Promo con, or any wayes apperteyninge or belonginge to the same, or of anye of them, to any Pson or Psons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate, other then for the Terme of xxj yeres or three Lyves from the tyme of anye suche Lease or Graunte shalbe made or graunted whereuppon thaccustomed yerelye Rente or more shalbe teserved and payable yerelye duringe the saide Tearme, shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effecte to all Intentf Constructs and Purposes; Anye Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstandinge ; as in the saide Acte more playnely appeareth: Sithens the makinge of w1" saide Estatute, dyvers of the saide Ectfasticall and Spuall Psones and others havinge Spuall or EcCasticall Lyvingf, have from tyme to tyme made Leases for the terme of xxj yeres or three Lyves longe before the Expiration of the former yeres, contrary to the trewe meaninge and intente of the said Estatute: Be yt therefore enacted by this present Parlyament, That all Leases hereafter to be made by any of the said EcEfasticall Spuall or Collegiate persons or others of any their said Ectfasticall Spuall or Collegiate Landes Tents or Hereditamentf whereof any former Lease for yeres is in beinge, not to be expired surrendred or ended w,hin three yeres nexte after the makinge of any suche newe Lease, shalbe voyde frustrate and of none Effecte; Any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And be yt likewise enacted by thauctoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Band and Coven’nte whatsoever hereafter to be made for renewinge or makinge of any Lease or Leases contrary to the trewe intente of this Acte or of the saide Acte made in the said xiij yere, shalbe utterlye voyde; Anye Lawe Statute Ordinaunce or other Thinge whatsoever to the contrarye in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned, shall extende or be prejudicall to make frustrate or voyde any Lease or Leases heretofore made by anye of the said Spirituall [andJ] Ecdesiasticall Pson or Psonns or any of them; but that the same and everie of them are of the like Force and Effecte as they or anye of them were before the makinge of this present Statute ; This Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And Where S' Thomas White, late Knight and Alderman of London, for advauncement of good Leaminge, hathe founded one Colledge in the Universitie of Oxforde called S' John Baptistf Colledge, and beinge seased of the Manno' of [Fishede *] alias Fifielde in the Countie of Bark, did togeather w,h all other his Landes Tenementf and Heredytamentf, geve and assure the said Manno' w,h Thappten’ncf to the President and Scollers of the saide Colledge for ever: And nevertheles the saide S' Thomas White havinge then [on4] Rafe White his Brother lyvinge and sundrie Kinsmen, to whome by Course of the Common Lawe his Landes might have discended, dyd devise and order & by the Statutes whiche he provided for the saide Howse, and by order of the nowe Visitor of the said Colledge, yt ys ordeyned, that the saide Manno' of Fishyde ats Fifielde wUl Thapp'ten‘ncf, shoulde be demysed by the said President and Schollars for the tyme beinge to the saide Rafe for the terme of fowerscore and nyntene yeeres, yf the saide Ralfe shoulde so longe lyve, and so yt ys intended that from Heyre Male to Heyre Male of the saide S' Thomas White, newe Devises shoulde from tyme to tyme be made of the said Manno' w"1 Thappten"ncf to everie suche Heyre Male successivelie for the terme of fowerscore and nynetene yeeres, yf suche Heyre Male should so longe lyvc, yeldinge to the said President and Schollars for the tyme beinge suche Rente as nowe ys reserved, wlh suche further Coven’ntf and Condic&ns as by the said S' Thom’s White or Visitor ys agreed and appointed : And where since the Decease of the said S' Thomas White the saide Assurauncf to the saide President and Schollars in all or the moste pte of the Landes Tents and Heredytamentf of the said Founder were founde in some Respecte unpfect and insufficient in Lawe, and that thereuppon the saide Ralfe White to whome the Advauntage of suche Impfecdon came by Lawe, dyd nevertheles take no suche Advantage, but dyd willinglie make pfecte the said Assurancf accordinge to the trewe meaninge of the said S' Thomas White his Brother, acceptinge onlie one Lease of the said Manno', in suche sorte as by the said Visitor was appointed, w,h the Coppieholdes and other App'ten’ncf of the said Manno': For Remedie whereof be yt enacted, That the President and Schollars of the said Colledge maye from tyme to tyme demyse the saide Manno' Coppieholdes and other Appten’ncf to everie Heyre Male of the said S' Thomas White successyvelye, accordinge to the fourme of Lease thereof alreadye made to the saide Ralfe; and that everie suche Lease so to be made and everie Coven’nte made or to be made for the perfourmaunce of the same, shalbe good in Lawe as yf the said Acte made in the said xiijth yere had never ben had nor made ; Any Thinge in the saide Acte made in the said xiij,h yere, or anye other Acte or Matter whatsoever to the contrarie notw^standinge.

1 Tie Word is ‘ or ’ in the InroUnunt of the Act 13 Elia : but see St. 14 Eliz. c. 14. § 3. where it it recited ns * of ’ • or O. 1 Fishidc 0. 4 one O.

A.D. 1575-6. 18° Eliz. c. 11, 12 623

i

k

8

8

t

I

S

jt

k

f;

i

t

i

t

K

MF

Ia

H

a

Rl

ms

a

a

jr

e.

i

!«

I

I

I

And Whereas in one other Statute made in the said xiij,h yeere of her Ma‘", entituled An Acte towchinge Leases of

Beneficf and other Ecclesiastical! Lyvingf w* Cure, on Clause ys conteyned, that Thincumbent offendinge the imposing Penalty purporte of the said Statute, shall for the same loose one yeres Proffite of his said Benefice, to be distributed by the Ordynarie amonge the Poore of the Parishe, as by the said Braunche in the said laste recyted Statute appeareth : residence.

Be yt therefore enacted by thauctoritye aforesaid. That after Complaynte made to the Ordynary, and Sentence given Such Penalty may

uppon any Offence committed by the Incumbent, whereby he shall or ought to loose one yeres Proffite of his <£que«trat!on^or

Benefice as affore shewed, that the Ordinary w^n Twoo Monethes after suche Sentence geven, and Requeste to him withholding Tithei,

made by the Churchewardens of the saide Parishe or one of them, shall grante the Sequestration of suche Proffites to

suche Inhabitante or Inhabitauntf wlhin the Parrishe where suche Benefice shalbe, as to him shall seme mete and

convenient; and uppon Defaulte therein by the Ordynarie, that yt maye and shalbe lawefull to everie Parishioner

where the Benefice ys, to reteyne and kepe his or their Tythes, and likewise for the Churchewardens of the saide

Parishe to enter and take the Proffittf of the Glebe Lands and other Rents and Dewties of everie suche Benefice,

to be imployed to the use of the Poore as aforesaide, untill suche tyme as Sequestration shalbe comitted by

Thordinarie ; and then aswell the Churchewardens as the Pishioners to yelde Accompte of and make Payment to

him or or them to whome suche Sequestracbn shalbe comytted; and that he or they to whome suche Sequestracbn

shalbe comitted from tyme to tyme, shall justelye and trewlie imploye and bestowe the saide Profites, or the trewe

and juste vallewe thereof, withowt Fraude or Guyle, to suche uses as by the said Statute is lymitted and appointed,

upon payne or forfayture of the double vallewe of suche w'holden Profites, to be recovered in the F.cffasticall Courte by

the Poore of the saide Pishe.

CHAPTER Xn.

An Acts for the Tryall of Nisi Prius in the Countye of Midd.

WHEREAS heretofore all Yssues joyned in any of the Courts of Recorde at Westminster, tryable in the Countye of Mydd, have been usuallie tried at the Barres in the saide Courtes in Westinynster: And whereas a greate nurpher of Acc&ns have of late yeres been broughte in the saide Countie of Midd for speedynes of Triad, and that for small Causes; by reason whereof the Judges of the same Courtes have not onlye been letted and hindered in their Proceedingf in Matters of greate Waighte dependinge before them by Demurrer or otherwise, to the greate Delaye of Justice, and occasion of greate Expenses and Chardges of a number of the Quenes Ma"" moste lovinge Subjects , but also to the greate Trouble and Chardge of the Freholders of the saide Countie, who are compelled to geve daylie Attendaunce at the severall Barres of the same severall Courtes for the Triad of the saide Yssues: For Reformacbn whereof, be yt enacted by the Ouenes moste excellent Ma,ie our Soveraigne Ladye w,h thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled, and by thauctoritie of the same. That from hencefoorth the Chief Justice of England for the tyme beinge, upon Issues joyned or to be joyned in the Courte called the Kings Benche or in the Courte of Chauncerie, the Chief Justice of the Common Plees for the tyme beinge, upon Yssues joyned or to be joyned in the Courte of Common Plees, and the Chief Baron of Thexchequer for the tyme beinge, upon. Yssues joyned or to be joyned in the Courte of Exchequer, or in the Absence or Defaulte of anye of them Two other Judges or Barons of the same severall Courtes where yt shall happen eyther of the same Chief Justicf or the Chief Baron for the tyme beinge to be absent, shad or may at their discrecbns, wlhin the saide Had called Westmynster Hall in Westmynster, or in the Place where the Courte of Exchequer ys comonlye kepte in the said Countye of Midd, as Justices of Nisi Prius for the said Countie of Midd, w,hin the Tearme Tyme or w'‘'in Fower Dayes nexte after thende of everie or anye Tearme, severallie trye all manner of Yssues joyned or to be joyned in anie of the saide severall Courtes, wc*‘ by thordynarie Course of the Lawes of the Realme oughte to be tried in anye of the saide Courtes by an Inqueste of the said County of Midd; And that Comyssyons and Wryttf of Nisi Prius shalbe awarded in suche Cases and in suche Fourme as they are or have been used in any other Shire of this Realme; and that yt shalbe lawfull for anye psonne or psonnes from henceforth, upon reasonable Warninge given to the adverse ptie or his or their Attorney as hath been accustomed in suche like Cases, to take or sue forth Wryttf and Recordes of Nisi Prius for the Tryall of the saide Yssues in the saide Countie of Midd, as they may do uppon any Yssue joyned triable in anye other Countie, and thereupon take the Jurie in suche manner and fourme, and w"1 awardinge of Tales de circutnstantibus, and awardinge the Nonsuyte, as ys used for the Tryall of Yssues joyned or Nonsuytes to be awarded in the said Courts or anye of them, triable wll’in the Cyttie of London, or w'"in anye other Countie of this Realme of Englande; And that the Shriefes of the said Countie of Midd for the tyme beynge, shall make Returne of all Wryttf of Nisi Prius w* shalbe delyvered to them or to their or anye of their sufficient Deputie for the tyme beinge, before the saide Judges Baron or Barons and everie of them, and shall geve their Attendaunce upon the saide Justicf Baron and Barons, aswell for the returninge of suche Tales as shalbe prayde de circumstantibus for the trienge of the saide Yssues as for the doinge and executinge of all other Thinge and Things to thoffice of Shrief in suche Case

Imiio in the Court at Westminster heretofore tried at Bar j

All Issues joined in the King’s Bench, or in Chancery, shall be tried before the Chief Justice of England, and in the Common Pleas and Exchequer before the Chief Justice or Chief Baron, &c. as Justices of NisiPrius for Middlesex in Westminster Hall.

Commissions and Writs of Nisi Prius, See. accordingly.

Sheriffs of Middlesex shall return such Writs,

Sec.

belo.nginge or ayperteyninge; And that all psons to be impanelled in suche Juries and the Pties to the same WunessO| Xsss^ies and Suytes, and the Witnesses for the same, shalbe charged and bounde in suche and the like sorte, attend;

624

18° Eliz. c. 12, 13

A.D. 1575-6.

and upon the like Paynes and Penalties for their Not Appearaunce and Attendance, or for their or anye of their Misdemeanoure or Defeulte before the saide Justicf of Nisi Prius, as they shoulde have been yf the same Yssue S"db Trills as valid had been tried in the Courte from whence the Nisi Prius thereof was awarded; All w*1 severall Tryalls, so to be had before the saide severall Justicf Baron or Barons, shall by aucthoritie of this presente Plyament stande and be as good and vayleable in Lawe as yf the same had been tryed in the Tearme Tyme at the Barre in the Courte where suche Yssue was joyned or triable; Anye Law Usage or Custome heretofore made used or accustomed to the contrarie hereof in anie wise notwithstandinge.

Loss of Wardship, Marriage, See. of the Queen's Tenants in Lancashire, Cheshire, and Durham, by reason of Inquisitions of Diem clauiit extremum, Sic. not being certified from thence into the Court of Wards and Liveries;

All suchlnquisitions shall be returned, within One Month, to the proper Officer in the County Palatine, &c. and a Transcript thereof certified from thence into the Court of Wards and Liveries, in like Manner as from the Petty Bag in Chancery j Penalty, a<?j.

CHAPTER Xm.

An Actb concenyng the Offices fownde w>hin the Countyes Palentynes.

WHEREAS the Quenes moste Royall Mane by the Lawes and Statutes of this her Highnes Realme of England, ought to have the Custodie Wardeshippe and Mariage of the Bodie Landes and Tents of the Heyres of everie of her Highnes Tenauntf, holding of her Ma* by Knightf Service in Cheife as of her Crowne, or otherwise by Knightf Service, or of a thirde parte thereof, and also primer season and lyverie of their Lands Tenementf and Heredytamentf, as the case dothe require, aswell wthin the Countie [Palantyne'] of the Duchie of Lancaster and the Earldome of Chester, and in the Countie Palantyne of the Bishopprick of Duresme, as also [w^in *] all other places w^in the Domynions of of this her Highnes Realme of Englande and Wales: And whereas heretofore all suche Offices and Inquisic&ns as hathe been founde by vertue of Wryttf of Diem clausit extremu, or by other Wryttf or Comyssions, or Virtute Officii, concerninge Lands or Hereditamentf after the death of anye of her Mau" saide Tenauntf within the saide Countie Palantynes, are alwayes and have been returned into the Courte of the saide Duchie of Lancaster, and into Thexchequeres of the saide Countie Palantynes of Chester and Duresme, or into some suche Officf or Officers Hands therefore speciallie appoynted, and so beinge returned, there do remayne: By reason whereof, and for that the saide Offices and lnquisic&ns are not transcripted into her Ma'* Courte of Wardes and Lyveries like as other Officf and Inquysic&ns are certyfied out of her Highnes Courte of Chauncerie, her Ma‘f Tytle hath been oftentymes Ionge delayed and deferred from the knowledge of the Mr and Counsayle of the saide Courte of Wardes and Lyveres, so that sundrie tymes yt hath happened that the heyres of dyvers of her Majesties Tenauntf being w'hin age have died before Composic&n made for their Wardeshippf and Manages, and other of full Age likewise died before they have entered into Bands or payde their primer season [or *] sued their Lyveries, whereby oftentymes greate Intrusions and Arrerages of the Rents Issues and Profittf of their Lands have accrued and growen before Lyverie sued, to the greate prejudice and hinderaunce, as well of her said Highnes and other her Ma'f Progenitors for tymes heretofore passed and also to dyvers her Majesties Subjects Occupiers Farmours and Takers of the Rents Yssues and Proffittf of the saide Lands Teiitf and Heredytamentf: For spedie Remedie whereof be yt therefore enacted by the Quenes Ma"* w*1 thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled. That all suche Inquisic&ns and Officf to be founde, from and after the firste daye of Julye nexte cominge, before anye Escheatours or Comyssioners, by vertue of any suche Writtf or Comyssion or otherwise, w,hin the saide Countie Palantynes of the said Duchie of Lancaster Chester and Duresme or anye of them, shalbe returned by the saide Eschetours and Comyssioners w^in one Monethe nexte after the takinge of any suche Office or Inquisic&n into suche place or places and to suche office and officers as heretofore they have usuallie been accustomed to be certyfied and returned into, uppon payne to forfeyte for everie defeulte xl li. to the use of our said Soveraigne Ladie her heires and successor; And that the Clerke of the said Duchie of Lancaster, the Vice Chamberlayne of the saide Earldome of Chester, and the Chauncelo' of the said Countie Palantyne of the said Bisshoppricke of Duresme, or other the saide Officers or Mynisters w,kin the saide Countie Palantynes, [of *] their Deputie or Deputies and everie of them for the tyme beinge, havinge aucthoritye to receyve any suche Office or Inquisic&n, to whose Hands any suche Office or Inquysic&n shall com to, shall certyfie or cawse to be certyfied under his or their Hands in Parchement, the trewe Transcripte of everie suche Office or Inquisic&n taken before any of the said Escheato" or Comyssioners, unto the M' of the saide Courte of Wardes and Lyveries, in suche like manner fourme and sorte as ys lymytted and appointed to the Clerkf of the Petyebagge in her Highnes saide Courte of Chauncerye to transporte the same, upon payne to forfeyte for everie suche Defeulte v li. to the use of o' saide Soveraigne Ladie her heires and successor; w"* Transcript so to be certyfied shall there remayne of Recorde in like manner and fourme to all intentf and purposes as the Transcriptf of other Officf alreadie certyfied into the said Courte by the Clearkf of the Petibage in her Majesties Highe Courte of Chauncerye are used; Anye Custome Statute Acte Proviso or Provisoes heretofore had made or used to the contrarye in any wise notwithstandinge.

1 Palantynes 0. • in 0, and 0. 4 or 0.

> •« R t- m- -M.

A.D^l 5-6

18° Eliz. c. 14, 15.

625

r~

m

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for Refourmac&n of Jeofayles.

BE it enacted by the Qenes moste excellent Ma"* the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this present Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That yf anye Verdite of xij Men or more shalbe hereafter geven in anye Acc6n Suite Bill Playnte or Demaunde in anye Courte of Recorde, the Judgemente thereuppon shall not be stayed or reversed by reason of any defaulte in fourme or lacke of fourme towchinge fals Lattin, or variaunce from the Register, or other Defaultes in fourme in any Wrytte originall or judiciall Counte Declarac&n Playnte Bill Suyte or Demaunde, or for wante of anye Wrytte originall or judiciall, or by reason of any impfecte or insufficient Retume of any Shiriffe or other Officer, or for wante of anye Warraunt of Attumey, or by reason of anye manner of Defaulte in Proces upon or after anye Ayde-prier or Voucher, nor any suche Recorde or Judgment after Verdicte to be geven hereafter shalbe reversed for anye the Defectf or Cawses aforesaide; Anye Lawe Statute or Usage to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and be yt further enacsed by thauctoritye aforesaide, That this Acte or anye Thinge therein conteyned shall not extende to anye Writte Declarac&n or Suyte of Appeale of Felonie or Murder, nor to anye Inditement or Presentement of Felonie Murder Treason or other Matter, nor to anie Processe upon anye of them, nor to anye Writte Bill Action or Informac&n upon anye populer or penall Statute; Anye Thinge aforesaide to the contrarie notw^standinge.

Provided also and be yt enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaide. That all Attumeyes in anye Suyte or Action in anye Courte of Recorde, shall deliver in the Warrante of Attumeyes in suche Action or Suyte wherein they be named Attumeyes, to be entered or fyled of Recorde in suche manner and fourme as heretofore by the Lawe or Statutes in that behalfe made, they shoulde or ought to have done; uppon payne to forfaytc Tenne poundes for everie suche Offence, the one moytie thereof to be to the Quenes Ma‘" her heires and successours, and thother moytie to suche Officer or Officers to whome or in whose Office the same Warrant shoulde be delyvered entred or fyled, and to suffer Imprisonment by the discrec&n of the Justicf of the Courte for the tyme being where any suche Defaulte shall fortune to be had or made, the said Tenne poundes to be recovered by Actyon of Debte Byll or Informacbn, in w* noe Essoigne Protection nor Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

After Verdict in a Court of Record, Judgement shall not t>c stayed or reversed for any Default in Form, or for false Latin, Variance, Want of Writ, defective Return, &c.

II.

Not to extend to Criminal Cases or Penal Actions.

III.

Penalty upon Attornies neglecting to enter their Warrants in each Action. j£to. and Imprisonment.

bl

ft

ii

a

k

k

t<

f t m

«'

ri

l>

s

ii

fe

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for Refourmacon of Abuses in Goldsmythes.

WHERE certeyne evill disposed Goldsmythes deceytfullie do make and sell Plate and other Golde & Sylver Wares, to the greate defraudinge of her Matie and her good Subjects : For Remedye whereof, Be yt enacted by thauctorytie of this present Plyament, That no Goldsmythe from the XXth daye of Aprill nexte cominge, shall worke sell exchaunge or cawse to be wroughte solde or exchaunged any Plate or other Goldsmythes Wares of Golde lesse in fynesse then that of xxij Carrottf, and that he use noe Sother Amell or other Stuffingf whatsoever in anye of their Workes more then ys necessarie for the fynyshing of the same, and that they take not above the rate of xij d. for the ownce of Golde (besides the fashion) more than the Buyer shall or maye be allowed for the same at the Quenes Exchaunge or Mynte, upon payne to forfayte the valewe of the Thinge so solde or exchaunged; and that from the said xx,k daye of Aprill no Goldesmythe shall make sell or exchaunge in anye place w^in this Realme anye Plate or Goldesmithes Wares of Sylver lesse in fynesse then that of eleven ownces two penye waightes, nor take above the rate of xij d. for everie pounde waighte of Plate or Wares of Sylver, besides the fashion, more than the Buyer shall or may be allowed for the same at the Quenes Exchaunge or Mynte; nor put to sale exchaunge or sell anye Plate or Goldesmithes worke of Silver before he hath sett his owne Marke to so muche thereof as convenientlie may beare the same, upon payne to forfayte the vallewe of the Thinge so solde or exchaunged ; And yf anye Goldesmyth shall make anye Goldesmythes Worke or Plate, and the same after the said xx. daye of Aprill shalbe towched marked and allowed for good by the Wardens or Maysters of that Mysterie, and in the same there shalbe founde any Falshood or Deceipte, then the Wardens and Corporac&n of that Mysterie for the tyme beinge shall forfaite and paye the vallewe of the Thinge so exchaunged or solde; thone moytie of all wch Forfaytures shalbe to the use of the Quenes Majestie, and the other moytie to the use of suche partye greyed and susteininge losse therebie as will sue for the same in anye Courte of Recorde, by Action Bill Playnte Informac&n or otherwise, wherein no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted for the Defendaunte.

Finene» of Gold Plate, Ac. aa Carati:

ild. per Ounce for Workmanship.

Fineneii of Silver Plate, 11 ox. i dwts.

nd. per Pound for Workmanship.

Silver Wares shall be marked by the Maker.

If Plate marked by the Goldsmiths' Company be found deceitful, the Company shall forfeit the Value.

7 U

6C26

18° Eliz. c. 16. A.D. 1575-6.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for the Tollerac&n of certeyne Clothyers in the Countyes of Wiltes Sofiset and Glocester, to inhabite out

of Townes Corporate.

Recital of Stat.

4, y P. & M. c. y. §31. against making Clotha out of Market Towns, tec.

Clothiers in Places not Market Towni, in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire:

Recited Provision repealed as to Clothiers in the said Counties.

"X T 7" HE REAS in the Parliament holden at Westmynster in the Fowerth and Fifth yeres of the Raignes of our late V T Soveraigne Lorde and Ladie Kinge Phillippe and Quene Marie, one Statute was made, entituled An Acte towchinge the makinge of Wollen Clothes, whereby (among other Things, yt was ordeyned and enacted by thauctorytie of the saide Parliament, That from and after the firste daye of Maye then nexte cominge, no person [nor1] persons whatsoever should use or exercyse the Feate or Misterie of makinge weavinge or rowinge of Wollen Clothe longe or shorte, or Karseyes pynned Whites or playne Straytes, to thentent to put the same to sale, but onlye in a Market Towne where Clothe had comonlye been used to be made by the space of Tenne yeres then laste paste, or in a Cittie Borough or Towne Corporate, upon payne of forfayture for everie suche Wollen Cloth or Karsey made woven or rowed owte of suche Cyttie Borowgh Towne Corporate or Markett Towne, five poundes ; as by the said Acte amongest dyvers Clauses Articles & Provisoes conteined in the same more playnelye ys expressed : And Forasmuche as dyvers and sundrie psons have heretofore of longe tyme used and exercysed and at this present do use and exercyse the Feate and Misterie of Cloth makinge in the Counties of Somerset Wilteshire and Gloucester, and have to their greate Costes and Charges planted themselves and their Dwellinge Howses dispersedlye throughowte the saide Counties, and neyther in Citdes Boroughes Townes Corporate, or Market Townes, as might and maye serve moste conveniently for thuse & exercyse of the saide Feate and Mysterie, as namely aboute the Ryvers of Frome water Kingswood water the Ryvers of Aven Willibourne and Salisburie bournes, and Stroudewater, in the said Counties of Somersett Wilteshire and Gloucester and the Braunches of the same Waters; And also for that the saide Places and Waters are verie good and apt for Clothinge, together w"1 the greate number of Fullinge Mylnes and other Workehowses thereunto adjoyninge maynteyned onlye by the Clothmakinge in the Villages and Parishes thereaboutes: And Forasmuche also as a greate multitude of poore People as Weavers Tuckers Spinsters and suche like, have of longe tyme heretofore and at this present do inhabite and dwell nere unto the said Places and Waters, by meanes of the greate Clothmakinge there, heretofore and nowe used, and have been only relyved and susteyned by the same; and also for that greate inconvenience mighte ensue w^in the saide Counties of Somersett Wilteshire and Gloucester, in remoovinge and placinge of suche a Multitude in or wthin anye Cyttie Boroughe Towne Corpate, or Markett Towne, accordinge to the meaninge of the said Acte: Be it therefore enacted by the Quenes moste excellent Ma'1' wth thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by thauctoritie of the same, That the said Braunche and Clause of the saide Estatute as towchinge onlye the use or exercyse of the Feate or Misterie of makinge weavinge or rowinge of any Wollen Clothes, to thintent to putt the same to sale, but only in a Market Towne Cyttie Boroughe or Towne Corporate, and all and everie the Penalties and Forfeytures by reason of the saide Braunche, onlye as againste anye suche psons as hath used, or hereafter shall use and exercye, the saide Feate and Misterie of makinge weavinge or rowinge of anye Wollen Clothe wthin the saide Counties of Somerset Wylteshire and Gloucester, or any of them, shalbe from henceforth repealed and made voyde; Any Thing conteyned in the sayde Acte or in anie other Acte heretofore made to the contrary thereof in anye wise notw^standinge.

And further bee yt enacted by the aucthoritie afforesaide. That noe pson or psons nowe dwellinge or abidinge or wch hereafter shall dwell or abide w^in the saide Counties of Somersett Wilteshire and Gloucester or anye of them, onljMn Peaces usual shall from henceforth use or exercyse the said Feate and Misterie of makinge weavinge or rowinge of anye Wollen Clothe or Clothes owte of anye Cyttie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Market Towne, excepte onelie w’Mn suche Howses and Places in the saide Counties of Somersett Wilteshire and Gloucester or anye of them, as suche Wollen Clothes have been moste commonlye used to be made woven or rowed by the space of Tenne yeres nexte before the makinge of this Acte, upon payne of forfayture for everie suche Clothe made woven or rowed contrarie to this present Acte five poundes; the one Moytie of whiche Forfayture shalbe to owr Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successours, and thother Moytie to him or them that will sue for the same.

II.

Such Clothiers shall make Cloth

III.

Clothien there iu future, shall not hold above 10 Acrei of Land.

Pretent Clothien shall not take more Land: Penalty, 201. per Acre.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide. That suche pson or persons as after the Feaste of S* Mychaell Tharchangell nexte cominge shall use or exercyse the Trade or Mysterie of Clothmakinge, in anye of the said Howses and Places owte of a Cyttie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Markett Towne w^in the saide Counties or anie of them, wdl nowe doth not use and exercyse the same Trade or Mysterie, shall not kepe jn his or their Occupacon or Manuraunce above xx Acres of Lande Meddowe and Pasture at the moste: And that everie pson nowe using or exercysinge the said Trade or Misterie owte of a Cyttie Boroughe Towne Corporate or Market Towne w^in the saide Counties or anie of them, shall not have or take in or into his or their Occupac&n or Manuraunce anye Lande Medowe or Pasture, but that wch he or they nowe have, or asmuche onlie in lieu therof; Upon payne of forfayture for everie acre of Lande Medowe and Pasture, by suche Person or Persons occupied or manured contrarye to the tenor of this Acte, for everie yere that he shall so occupie the same, and so use the Trade of Cloth makinge, vj s. viij d. And that all and everie suche forfeytures hereafter to be due by force of this Statute, shalbe devided equallie in twoo partes, wherof thone shalbe to the Quenes Highnes her Heyres and Successoures, and thother to him or them that will sue for the same.

A. D-1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 16, 17.

627

‘.i

i

a

m

la

lik

ik

r

r

k

m

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by thaucthoritie afforesaid, That everie Person or Persons beinge by this Statute IV.

allowed to use or exercyse the Feate or Misterie of makinge weavinge or rowinge of Wollen Cloth long or shorte, or Sia'" twT Karesyes Pinned Whites or Playne Streytes, not beinge by the former Statute allowed thereunto, shalbe subjecte to bt suche Searche Forfaytures and other Orders, as other psons dwellinge owte of Boroughes and Townes Corporate ciothieraout of allowed of by the said former Statute or anye other Statutes were subjecte or bound unto before the makinge of this Acte; Towi>*Sc-Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte for the perpetuall Mainten*nce of Rochester Bridge.

FOR the good Repayre and perpetuall Mainten*nce of Rochester Bridge in Rente, and for the good Order of the Rentes and Revenues aswell of the Landes geven for the Maynten'nce of the saide Bridge as of the Landes of auncient tyme contributorie to the Repayre of the same Bridge: Be yt ordeyned and enacted by thauctoride of this present Parliamente, That [one1] the Morowe after the generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in the said Counde of Rente next after the Feaste of Easter next cominge, the Wardens and Cominalde of the Landes contributorie to the said Rochester Bridge, or as manye of them as convenientlye maye, shall assemble themselves at the Castell of Rochester, nere to the said Rochester Bridge, and there, by the moste number of their Voyces then present, to make an Election ofTwoo persons of the same Cominalde to be the Wardens of the saide Rochester Bridge, suche as then shalbe moste comonlye resident and howsekepinge wthin the saide Counde of Rente, and then not knowen to be of anye suche Debillitye or Sicknes but that they maye execute the same Office, and of twelve persons of the saide Comynalde to be Assistantf to the saide two Wardens for one whole yere, after the firste daye of Pentecoste then nexte ensuinge; and so from thenceforthe for ever at the saide daye and place a yerely Election to be made of two Wardens for the saide Bridge and of twelve Assistauntf; And the two Wardens so chosen (for that yere wherein they are to serve as Wardens) shall do their dilligent Endevoure for the Benefit of the saide Bridge, and shall receyve the Fynes Rents and Revenues of the Lands and Tefitf belonginge to the saide Bridge, and of all Contribufbn Money payable to the use of the same Bridge, and shall answere and paye owte of the same as cawse shall requyre; And everie suche of the same twoo Wardens so chosen as then shalbe there presente, shall then and there become bounde in a competente siime of Money to the former Wardens, that he his Executors or Admynistratours accordinge to the meaninge of this Statute, shall make an Accompte of all those Fynes Rents and Revenues of the saide Bridgf Lands and of all Contribuf&n Money or other Dewties whatsoever, whiche for or conceminge the saide Bridge shall come to his Handes, and shall make Payment of the Arrerages founde upon suche Accompte; And of everie suche Election of anye person to be Warden (whiche shalbe then absente) Notice shalbe given by a Letter thereof sent from one or both of the former Wardens, and delyvered at the Dwelling Howse of suche absent person elected, upon payne of fyve poundes for not delyvery of suche Letter in fourme aforesaide; And that everie suche person so absent and elected Warden, before the Feaste of Pentecoste then nexte ensuinge, before the Custos Rotuloru of the saide Countie, or two Justicf of the Peace w"in that Counde, one beinge of the Quoru, shall become bounde to like effecte as affore ys menc&ned for the elected Warden presente j And that everie Warden elected as aforesaide, shall refuse to become bounde as ys aforesaide, shall forfayte and paye tenne poundes, the same to be recovered by the former Wardens (to the use of the saide Bridge) by Acc&n of Debte upon that speciall Matter, in w* Action no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Protection shalbe allowed for the Defendaunte: And yf they or eyther of them so elected and become bounde, shall fortune to dye before thende of that yere for w1*1 he ys so elected, or so elected shall refuse notw^standinge the paynes aforesaide, then at the Quarter Sessyons of the Peace to be holden w'^in the saide Countie of Rent, in convenient tyme nexte after suche Death or Refusall and before the saide prefixed daye of Electyon, in place of everie suche so refusinge or dienge an other person of the Coialtie contributorie and resydent as aforesaide, by the Justicf of the Peace beinge at the same Quarter Sessions, and by thother Warden and twelve Assistauntf afore menc&ned, or by the more parte of them w4 shalbe present at the saide Sessions, shall be chosen to be Warden to serve to thende of that yere, who shall w,hin a tyme convenient to be prefyxed at the same Sessions become bounde in fourme and to like effecte as ys afore menc&ned, and under like payne as afore ys lymytted ; and so from tyme to tyme for ever to be supplied as often as any suche Vacac&n of Warden shall happen : And everie yere at or after the saide prefixed daye for election of the saide two Wardens and twelve Assistauntf, all other Officers nedefull concerninge the saide Bridge, and their Stipendf and Wages also, from tyme to tyme shalbe appointed by the discrec&n of the saide two elected Wardens; And that everie yere one the Thursdaye in the Whitsun Weeke, the twoo former Wardens of the said Bridge for the yere endinge at the Feaste of Pentecost then laste past, their Executours or Admynistratours, shall in presence of the newe and last chosen Wardens or of one of them, and before suche sower of the said Assistauntf as shalbe chosen and assigned for Audytours by the said Wardens and Coialtye at the said prefixed daye for Election of Wardens then laste paste, or the more pte of them, yelde up a trewe Accompte in Writinge in the Howse called the Crowne Inne in Rochester, neare to the said Bridge, and pcell of the Possessions of the said Bridge, or at some other place convenient, at the same prefixed daye of Election to be lymitted, of all their Receiptes Paymentf and Doinges concerninge the saide Bridge; and the Arreragf uppon them founde, over and above suche Allowaunces as by suche Accomptauntf shalbe demaunded uppon

Two Warden and Twelre Aaaittanta shall be choaen yearly, after Enter, t>T the Commonalty of the Landa contributory to Rocheater Bridge, to manage and account for the Rerenuea belonging to the taid Bridge, ftc.

1 on 0.

b1

628

18° Eliz. c. 17.

ii.

Lutes of Lands shall be signed by both Wardens and the Majority of the Assistants, and shall be registered. See.

III.

Such Leases shall be made as required by Tenants in Tail under Statute 3* H.VIIL c.i8.

IV.

Leases shall not be made for Fines.

Covenants therein.

V.

Present Tenants shall be preferred.

VI.

Tenants going out shall have recompence for Improvements.

VII.

The Wardens alone may sue as under St. 9 H.V. st. I.

C. 12.

VIII.

Owners of Lands, formerly contributory to repair of the Bridge, shall be taxed only in default of the Revenues of the Bridge.

his Othe, shall paye in suche Fourme as shalbe to them lymytted by the saide newe Wardens and Auditors or the more parte of them; And further, that none of the saide Assistauntf or Auditours, chosen and assigned in Fourme aforesaide, shall uppon reasonable Notyce and Requeste refuse to come and accomplishe that w* bythintente and meaninge of this Acte ys lymyted for him to doe, upon like Payne and Forfayture to all Intentf & Pposes as upon the Warden elected and refusinge to become bounde as ys before lymytted.

And for the good order of the saide Landes belongingc to the saide Bridge, Be yt ordeyned and enacted by Aucthoritye of this present Parlyament, That no Lease hereafter to be made by the saide Wardens and Coialde, shalbe made of anye the Landes and Teritf assured for the maynten*nce of the sayde Bridge, but both the Wardens chosen as afforesaide, and the saide twelve Assistauntf or the more parte of the same Assistauntf, shall firste consente, and also subscribe to the same Lease after yt ys engrossed, and before yt shalbe ensealed, and the consent nd subscribinge of the two Wardens and of suche number of Assistauntf, shalbe in Lawe the Consent of the whole Wardens and Coialde afforesaide; And everye suche Leasse to be entred and registered in a Register Booke to be kepte by the Wardens for the tyme beinge in a Cheste, w"1 the Common Seale and Evidences of the Landes of the saide Bridge in some place convenient; And after suche Lease assented unto engrossed and subscribed as aforesaide, then yt to be sealed by the Common Seale of the saide Wardens and Coialde, and delyvered for a sufficient Lease in Lawe.

Provided alwayes, That no Lease of anye of the saide Landes belonginge to the Bridge, shall hereafter be made but of suche Fourme and Effecte as Tenaunte in Tayle ys warraunted lawfullie to make by the Statute made in the xxxijth yeere of the Raigne of Kinge Henrye the Eighte; Savinge for Howses not havinge above Three Acres of Lande belonginge to them, whereof Leases maye be made by Thassentf afore menc&ned for Tearme of fifrie yeeres or under.

Provided also, That the Leases of the Premysses shall not be made for anye Fynes or Incomes but for Rents reasonablie to be advaunced for the Profite of the saide Bridge; And that by the Teno' of everye suche Lease, at ende of everyie seventh yere, a trewe Terror of all the Landes and Rents so deinysed shalbe brought and delyvered to the Wardens for that tyme beinge; And that the saide Wardens shall have Aucthorytie by Inquisic&n of Juries from tyme to tyme to survey and finde owte the Particuelrs and Contents not only of the Lands proper belonginge to the said Bridge, but also of the said other Landes contributorye to the same Bridge.

Provided furthermore. That suche as be the present Fermoures of anye of the saide Lands proper belonginge to the Bridge, shall have the preferment in takinge newe Leasses, so as they will geve, for the Proffite of the saide Bridge, as muche as anye other bona fide will.

And moreover, That yf anye present Fermour not lykinge to geve as another will, shall not take a newe Lease, but another shall fortune to have the same newe Lease, that then the olde Fermoure shall for his betteringe or Buildings, have suche recompence as shalbe thought reasonable by Agrement betwene the saide Wardens and Assistauntf and the saide Fermour; and in defaulte of Agrement betwene them, then suche Recompence as shalbe thought mete by the Lorde Chauncellour or the Lorde Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beinge.

Provided also, That this Acte or anye Thinge therein conteyned extende not to alter any Thinge, but that in Accons and Suytf towchinge the Landes or Rents or other Interests and Dewties conceminge the saide Bridge, the Wardens alone, w^owte the Assistauntf or anye of the Comynaltie, be and shalbe able to sue and be sued, accordinge to the meaninge of the Statute in that behalfe made in the Ninthe yere of the raigne of Kinge Henry the Fifthe.

(1) Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaide, That none of the Owners or Ten*ntf of anye the Landes or Tenementf of auncient tyme contributorie to the repayre or mayntennee of the said Bridge, shall hereafter be taxed assessed or otherwise compelled to paye anye ContribucSn Money or other Dewtie towards the Repayre or Mainten*nce of the said Bridge, but in defaulte and at suche tyme and tymes onlye as the Rents or other Proffites of the Lands proper and belonginge to the said Bridge, from tyme to tyme due and payable to the Wardens and Coialde of the saide Bridge, shall not be sufficient to accomplishe the Repayre and Mainten*nce of the saide Bridge; Any Thinge to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

‘This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1575-6*.

18° Eliz. c. 18, 19.

629

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte for the repayring of Chepstowe Bridge.

LAMENTABLIE showeth and complayneth in this present Parliament, the Inhabitauntf of the greatest parte of Sowthwales, that whereas a certayne greate Bridge of Wood called Chepstowes Bridge, ys standinge over the Water of Wye, wch parteth the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouthe, seperateth the Lordeshippe of Chepstowe aforesaide in the said Countie of Monmouth and the Lordshippe of Tyddenham in the said Countie of Gloucester, and ys the meeteste and moste necessarie Passage and Highe waye that leadeth into the partes of Sowthwales, and owte of the same to London Bristowe and other partes of Englande; w* Bridge havinge nothinge to maynteyne the same ys of late fallen to greate Ruyne and Decaye, and ys likelye daylye to falle, wherebie the saide Highe waye shalbe from henceforth utterly taken awaye, to greate noysaunce and hurte of a greate multitude of the Quenes Majesties Subjects travaylinge those partes; And albeit one Acte of Parliament was made in the twoo and twenteth yere of the Raigne of o' late Soveraigne Lorde of famous memorie Kinge Henrye the Eight, entytuled An Acte concerninge repayringe and amendinge of Bridges in Highe wayes, in w* Acte amongste other things yt ys enacted, that yf parte of anye decayed Bridge happen to be in one Shire Ryding Cittie or Towne Corporate, and the other parte therof in another Shire Ridinge Cyttie or Towne Corporate, or yf parte be w"4n anye Lymettf of any Cyttie or Towne Corporate and parte w^owte. or parte w^in one Ridinge and parte w'*in another, That then in everie suche case thinhabitauntf of the Shires Ridingf Citties or Townes Corporate shalbe charged and chargeable to amende make and repayre suche parte and porcbn of suche Bridgf so decayed as shall lye and be w,kin the Lymyttf of the Shire Ridinge or Towne Corporate wherin they be inhabited at the tyme of the saide Decayes; as by the saide Acte (amongste other Things) more playnlye doth and maye appeare: Yet for that at the tyme of the makinge of the saide Statute, the foresaide Parishes of Tyddenham and Towne of Chepstowe were not as then united and annexed to the saide Counties of Gloucester and Monmoth, but sithence in the xxvij"1 yere of the saide late Kinge Henrie Theight, by force of one Acte, intytuled An Acte for Lawes and Justice to be mynistred in Wales in like Fourme as yt ys in the Realme; and nowe by reason of certeyne Woordes conteyned in the saide laste Acte, as also by reason of greate povertye of the Inhabitantf of the foresaide Towne of Chepstowe, dyvers Questions and Doubtes have arysen howe and by what Meanes the foresaide Bridge shalbe repayred amended or newe made: For Declaractin and Explanac&n whereof, and for Remedye in the Premysses, Be yt enacted by the Quene owre Soveraigne Ladye, and by the Consent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons assembled in this pnte Parlyament, That the Shire or Countie of Gloucester and the Shire or Countie of Monmothe shall stande for evermore chargeable for the maynten’nce repayringe amendinge and newe makinge of the foresaide Bridge, when and as often as nede shall require, viz. Everie of them for suche parte and Moytie as

lyeth to the myddle of the Streame of the foresaide Water of Wye [one1 ] the Sydes of the foresaide Lordeshippf

of Chepstowe and Tyddenham aforesaide; And that for the Assessement Ratinge Collection Gatheringe and Imployinge of the [Money*] thereupon to be spent, such Fourme and Order shalbe observed as ys appointed by the foresaide Acte made in the xxij111 yeere of the saide Kinge Henrye Theight.

And for the more spedie perfourmaunce of the Premysses, Be yt enacted by thaucthority aforesaide, That yf the Justicf of Peace of the foresaide Shires of Gloucester or Monmoth, or any of them, do make anye Default in not appointinge execudnge and observinge Thorder appointed by the said Acte, for the Seassement Collection and Imployment of the Moneyes so to be collected, accordinge to the Meaninge of the said Acte, by the Space of Three Monethes nexte after this present Session of Parlyament, That then they and everie of them beinge residente and inhabitinge in the saide Shires, shall forfayte for suche Defaulte the Sume of Tenne Poundes a

pecc, to be recovered before the Quenes Ma*f Counsell in the Marches of Wales by Informac&n, to be imployed

to and for the Use and Reparac&n of the foresaide Bridge.

Gloucester tod Monmouth;

St.ssH.VIII. c.;. for Amendment ot Bridget, not applicable, under Construction of ij H.VIII. c. s6.

The Two Shires declared liable to the Repairs of the said Bridge, under Regulations in

aa H.VIII. c. 5.

11.

Penalty on Justices of Peace for Neglect in executing this Act, j£io.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the Paving of the Cyttye of Chichester.

FORASMUCH AS by reason of greate Repayre to and throughe the Cyttie of Chichester, aswell to the Markett Pavement of the there, as for the kepinge of Sessions and other Meetingf in sittinge upon Comyssions and other AiTayres for CitT of Chichester the Quenes Ma"* Service and ease of the people of the Countrey there, as also by reason of greate Cariages from °Ut °f Rcp,r' tyme to tyme passinge throughe the saide Cittie to the Haven thereunto nere adjoyninge, the Stretes of the same Cittie have become verye mierye and full of watrie and durtie places, both lothsome and noysome aswell to Thinhabitantf of the saide Cittie as to all the Quenes Ma"" Subjects havinge recourse to or throughe the saide Cyttie; For Thamendemente whereof, the Mayor and Citdzcns of the saide Cyttie have of late yeres at thonlye

' on 0. s monye4 o.

7X

630

18° Eliz. c. 19.

A.D. 1575-6.

Owner* and Occupiers of Houses shall pare the Streets; Penalty, 3s. 4d. per square Yard

and keep Streets in Repair; Penalty, »od. per square Yard.

II.

The Mayor of Chicnester may inquire of Neglect, and levy Penalties by Distress, Stc.

Costes and Charges of the saide Cyttie, paved a greate parte thereof, as in the Market Places and other Places of greateste Repayre, whereby the people of the saide Cittie and Countrey neare adjoyninge have receyved greate Pleasure and Ease; And yet findinge that the Comodi tie and Pleasure therof ys nothinge so greate as yt woulde be yf the Resydue of the saide Cittie were paved; And althoughe the Mayor and Cittyzens are verie willinge to

perfourme the same, yet they findinge the Charge and Burden thereof so greate as that the said Mayor and

Cyttizens are not able to perfourme of the Stocke of the saide Cyttie, wlhowte the Helpe and Contribucon of

the Freholders and Terre Tenauntf w^in the saide Cyttie: The said Mayor Cittizens and Inhabitauntf of the

saide Cittie do therefore humblie praye that yt may be enacted by our Soveraigne Ladie the Quene, the Lordes Spirytuall and Temporall and the C5mons of this present Parly ament assembltd, and by thaucthoritye of the same, That all and singuler person and persons their Heires and Successors nowe beinge or w* hereafter shalbe immediate Owners Landlordes or Terre Tenauntf of any Howses Landes or Tenementf w^in the saide Cyttie, of any Estate or Estates in Fee Simple Fee Tayle for Lyes or Yeres, shall from tyme to tyme and at all tymes from and after the Feaste of Pentecoste nexte cominge after thende of this present Session of Parlyament, at and by Thassignement or Appointement of the Mayor of the saide Cyttie for the tyme beinge, aswell pave or cause to be paved w* good pavinge Stones alonge from and againste his or their Howse and Howses Landes and Tents adjoyninge to the Strete so muche of the saide Strete in Length to the Channell, or to suche Place as the Channell there shalbe by the saide Mayor for the tyme beinge appointed to, upon payne to lose and forfayte for everie Yarde Square not sufficiently paved in Fourme aforesaide, wUlin Twoo Monethes after warninge thereof geven by the Mayor for the tyme beinge, the same beinge presented before the saide Mayor of the saide Cyttie for the tyme beinge, by the Othes of Twelve honeste & substanciall Men of the saide Cyttie beinge sworae for that purpose, the Sume of iij s. iiij d. of lawfull Money of England; And that the said Owners Landlordf [and' ] Terre Ten'ntf, and all and everie person and persons havinge or w1* hereafter shall have anye Howse Howses Landes or Tents in Fee Symple Fee Tayle or for Tearme of Lief or Yeres, adjoyninge to anye of the greate Stretes wthin the saide Cyttie, called the East Weste Northe and Sowth Stretes, their Heires and Successours, shall from the said Feaste of Pentecoste nexte cominge after this present Session of Parlyament, sutficientlye from tyme to tyme maynteyne and repayre (as often as shalbe nedefull) the Pavement of the >aide Streete and Streetes so adjoyninge, w* lyke Stone, againste all and everie their Howses Landes and Tents, in suche and like Manner as ys aboved declared; Upon payne of Forfayture for everie Yarde Square of the same not sufficiently repayred and amended, and presented in Manner and Fourme afforesaide, Twentie Pence of lawfull Englishe Money ; And that all the said Forfaytures above menebned shalbe to the Uses of the Mayor and Cyttizens of the saide Cyttie and their Successours, towardes the Mainten’nce and Repayringe of the Walles of the saide Cyttie.

And be it further enacted by thaucthoritie afforesaide, That the Mayor of the saide Cyttie for the tyme beinge and his successours, shall from tyme to tyme hereafter have full power and aucthorytie once everie quarter of a yeere, after the Feaste of Pentecoste aforesaide, wthin the saide Cyttie, to enquyre by the Othes of twelve honeste and substanciall men of the same Cittie, of suche defaulte cf pavinge or of not repairinge or amendinge of the saide Pavementf; and for everie Faulte so before the Maior presented by the saide twelve men, he the said Mayor shall have also power and aucthoritie to levie or cause to be levied by Distresse or other lawful meanes in or uppon the saide Howses Landes or Tenementf the saide severall Forfaytures and Summes of Money assessed; And that the saide Maior and Cytizens and their successo" for the tyme beinge, shall and raaye from tyme to tyme make suche like Avowrye Cognisaunce or Justification for the same as may be made for Arrerages of Rente Charge by the Cdmon Lawes of this Realme, and shall have like Judgement of and for Costes Damages and Returne.

Lessees paying for Pkovidzd alwayes. That yf the Tenauntes and Leassees, for yeeres or at will, of the saide Howses Landes or Tenementf

Paving may deduct w»in the Cyttie of Chichester aforesaide, do sufficientlye pave or repayre the Streetes before their Mansyons or thei^Rrats'&c.1 ° Dwellinge places in fourme aforesaide, that then they and everie of them, shall and may dcfalke abate, and reteyne in his or their owne Hands, as muche Rente as shalbe due to their Leassors, or others to whome the immediate Reverc&n of their saide Howses Landes or Tenementf do belonge, as they can [trewlie1 ] prove to have been expended by them uppon the same pavinge, and the same so defalked shalbe to all Intentf accompted as payde te their Leassors in suche fourme as by their severall Leasses ys appointed to be payde; And the saide Leassors or they to whome suche Rente shalbe due, to have no Accon or Tytle of Reentrye for or by reason of the non payment of so muche of the same Rente as shalbe defalked; excepte the saide Ten*ntes and Leassees have otherwise coven*nted to make the same Pavementf at their owne Costes and Charges, or to beare or to save harmeles their Leassors of all Charges Paymentf or Dewties yssuinge owte of or to be imposed uppon suche their Howses Landes or Tenementf.

1 or

1 dulie O.

H

J.D‘^75-6.

18° Eli z. c. 20.

631

t

i

i

i

k

t

i

k

k

k

a

I

a

i

i

i

i

k

i

i

t

i

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte for the repayring and amending of the Bridgf and Highewayes nere unto the Cyttye of Oxforde.

FORASMUCHE AS yo' Highnes Univereitie and Cyttie of Oxford hath receyved from yo' Highnes and yor noble Progenitors greate Privileges and Prerogatives, as also the Inhabitant snd Dwellers w"4n the Compasse and Precincte of five Myles thereunto adjoyninge, as chieflie by a Statute made in the seconde & thirde yeere of Kinge Phillipp and Quene Marye, intytuled An Acte that no P'veyo' shall take anye Grayne Come or other Victual! wlbin the Compasse [and'] Precincte of sieve Myles of the saide Cyttye, and in the thirtenthe yeere of yo' Mau* Raigne hath benne renewed and enlarged; by [meanes1 ] whereof thinhabitauntf aforesaide, not onlye to themselves but to their Posteritie, by the Markettf of yor saide Cyttye, ys like to reape muche Gayne Proffitt Comodytie and Advantage by utteraunce of their Come Grayne and Victual; savinge that the Wayes Bridges and Passages leadinge from yor Highnes Manno" and other Places of this Realme to yor Highnes Cyttie (beinge for the moste parte Water Woorkes) w^in [this *3 twoo yeeres, by force of Waters are so decayed fallen down and ympayred, that yor Highnes and Subjects w" yo' and their Cariage travaylinge that waye, as others travaylinge owte of all partes of this Realme, are muche anoyed and incumbred, and thinhabitauntf there are not able w^owte greate Daunger to travell or repaire unto the saide Cyttie, or bringe to the Markettf their Come Grayne Victuall or other necessaries, to the greate Hurte of the saide Cyttye as Dearth like to ensue w^in the Universitie and Cyttie: May yt therefore please yo' Highnes that yt may be enacted by this present Pliament, That everie pson and psonnes, resiaunt dwellinge or inhabitinge w,hin the Compasse Circuite or Precinct of five Myles of yo' Highnesses Univereitie and Cyttie of Oxforde or Francheses of the same, havinge in his or their Handes or Occupacon to the use of himself or anye other the Quantytie of one Yarde Lande or upwarde in Tyllage Pasture or other Grounde, or havinge kepinge usinge or occupienge a Draught Carte Plowghe or Wayne, at his and their owne proper Costs and Chardges, shall finde and sende or cawse to be founde and sente, for and to the mendinge repayringe and upbuildinge of the decayed Bridges Wayes and Passages, scytuate henge and beinge w^in one Myle of the saide Citrie of Oxford, for everie Yarde Lande one Wayne or Drawght Carte furnished after the Custome of the Countrey w* Oxen Horse or other Cattell, with all other necessaries mete and convenient to carry Thinges for suche manner of ppose, w01 able Men to loade and unloade the same Draught Carte or Wayne ; And every other Howseholder Cottager or Laborer dwellinge or inhabitinge w,hin the foresaide Compasse Precincte or Circuite (beinge no hired S'vaunte) shall, by his or their selves or other sufficiente Labourer, havinge with them sufficient Tooles at their like proper Costs and Charges finde and sende, in and to the mendinge repayringe and upbuildinge of the decayed Bridges Wayes Cawsies and Passages, one sufficient Man or Labourer to woorke and laboure in and uppon the aforesaide decayed Premysses; And that every psonne or psonnes, that by the meaftfnge of this Acte ys chargeable with Carte Cariage Woork or Laboure, shall by the Comaundement or Comaundementf of certeyne Supervisors, hereafter to be appointed and nominated by the Vicechauncello' and Mayo' with other Justices of the UnivWie and Cyttye of Oxforde for the tyme beinge, [for4] the space of sixe whole dayes, shall do their Carriages kepe their Woorke fetch their Carriages and do their Laboure at suche place and places and in suche Woorkes as to them shalbe nomynated and appointed; And uppon payne that every psonne [and1 ] psonnes makinge defaulte abovesaide, for everie dayes defaulte or any parte thereof, shall lose and forfayte v s. to be levied and ymployed only to the mendinge of the saide Bridges and Causies.

And that yt shall be lawfull to and for the aforesaide Supervisors for the tyme beinge, for the more spedye Amendem' of the aforesaide Decayes, in suche Place and Places as by the disc recon of the Vicechauncello' Mayor or Supervisors shalbe thought necessarye, to digge or cawse to he digged within the severall Groundes of anye psonne or psonnes for Gravell Sande Rubbishe Stone or Cynder and other Things, accordinge to the Statute made in the seconde and thirde yeres of Kinge Phillippe and Quene Marye for Highe wayes; And that the aforesaide Sixe Dayes Carriages Woorkes or Laboures, accordinge to the trewe Meaninge Interne and Pporte of this present Acte, shalbe doonne finished and pfourmed, by all manner of psonne or psonnes by this Acte chargeable, betwene the Feaste of S’ John Baptiste next after this present Session of Parliament and the Feaste of All Sainctf nexte after that; And uppon twelve dayes waminge, given or sente in Wrytinge from the Vice Chauncello' and Mayor of the Cyttie of Oxford for the tyme being or from eyther of them, to the Constable or other Officer of any Boroughe Parishe Head Officer or Governor of every other Place whatsoever that by this Acte ought to serve.

And for the pfourmaunce of this Acte be yt enacted, That yf any pson or psons shall make any Defaulte as ys aforesaide, havinge not made any mariner of resonable Composicftn or Agreament for the same Defaulte, that then yt shalbe lawfull for the Vice Chauncello' and the Mayor of the Cyttie of Oxforde for the tyme beinge, or other their Officers appointed, to distraigne within any the Boroughes Townes Parishes or other Places where suche psone or psonnes dwelleth that maketh Defaulte or refuseth; And the same Distresse to leade dryve and carrye awaye, and the same to withholde till they and every of them have or shall paye the Forfaytures lymytted and appointed in this present Acte, as also the Charges of kepinge of suche Distresse so taken.

(4) Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That this Acte shall endure for the space of seaven yeres nexte ensuinge the ende of this present Pliament, and from thence to the ende of the Parliament then nexte followinge, and no longer.

1 or O. • meane 0. * theis 0. * by 0. * or 0.

* This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Privileges ofOxford under Statutes s, 3 P. k M. c. 19. 13 Eli*, c. *5.

Bad State of the Roads near Oxford:

For repairing the Roads, within one Mile of Oxford, Occupiers of Land, within Five Miles thereof, shall for each Yard-Land furnish one Cart, &c.

Householders, &c.

one Man;

to be employed for Six Days in repairing the said Roads, under Supervisors to be appointed I Penalty,

S'- Pfr D»y-

II.

Supervisors empowered to take Gravel, &c. {St'Sl.i.xP.UM. c.8; and Si.5 Elii. c. 13. ted. J.]

III.

Penalties leviable by Distress.

IV.

Continuanceof Act, 7 Years, lie.

632

Decay of the Borough of Woodstock;

For reviving the same

All Persons allowed to buy, sell, and employ Wool and Yarn within the Borough.

Grant of Subsidy by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury j

Tenor of the said Grant;

Subsidy of 6s. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions, as valued to the King's Tenth under St.

96 H.VIII. c. 3.

18° Eliz. c. 21, 22. 1575-6.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte for the Releife and reedifyeng of the Boroughe of Newe Woodstocke in the Countye of Oxforde.

WHERE the Boroughe Towne of Newe Woodstocke in the Countie of Oxforde ys fallen into greate Poverde Ruine and Decaye, wth was woonte to be chiefelie supported by thaccesse of the Kings and Queenes of this Realme, the Quenes Ma*" noble Progenito", unto their Manno' of Woodstocke, whiche hath verie seldome happened for manye yeeres nowe paste; wch Boroughe beinge reedyfied woulde be verie necessarie for manye Artyficers of sundrie Occupacons and Misteries, yf anye vente or trafficke might there be had and maynteyned, wherebie the saide Artificers drawen thyther might lyve and maynteine themselves and their famylies: And where yt ys thought and certeynlie knowen that the free buyenge and sellinge of Wolle Yame and Clothe makinge in the saide Boroughe, beinge in the Myddeste of the Realme farre distante from the Seas, and in Cotsolde from whence greate Store of verie good Wolles are gotten, woulde be a greate advauncement and enrichinge to the same, w^owte Prejudice or Hurte to anie, and a speciall meane whereby many poore People there and in the Countreys invironinge shoulde be sett [one ‘ ] workes and releeved, as in spinninge cardinge weavinge fullinge and suche like; And forasmuche as the said Towne and Boroughe is a verie fitte place both to dispatche and make a Staple of Woolles, w* wooulde be also verie comodious and profitable to the Countrey there aboutes: Be yt therefore enacted by thaucthorytie of this present Pliament, That from henceforth yt shall and maye be lawfull to and for all and everie pson & psons fireelie to buy and sell, wthin the saide Boroughe of Newe Woodstocke, all manner of Woolles and Yames brought or to be broughte into the saide Boroughe uppon the usuall Markettf and Fayre Dayes, and the same Woolles and Yames to use and imploye to their beste Profite and Advantage; Any Statute or Statutes Usage or Prescription heretofore had made or provided to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXII. (>)

An Acte for Confirmac&n of a Subsidy graunted by the Cleargye.

WHERE the Prelatf and Cleargie of the Province of Canterbury have lovingly and liberally, for certeyne Considracons, given and graunted to the Queenes Ma"' a Subsydye of Syx Shillingf of the Pound, to bee taken and levied of all and singuler their PromocSns Spuall wthin the same Province, during the terme of three yeeres nowe next ensuing, in suche certeyne manner and fourme and w,h suche Exceptions and Provisions as bee speid and conteyned in a certeyne Instrument by them therof made and delyvered to the Queenes Highenes under the Seale of the moste Reverend Father in God Edmund nowe Archbisshopp of Canterburye and Primate of all England; W* Instrument is nowe exhibited in this p>sent Parlyament to bee ratyfied, the Tenour whereof ensueth in these Words

The PrelatC and Cleargie of the Province of Canterbury, being lawfully congregated and assembled togeather in a Convocacon or Synode, considering their bounden Duetyes to yo' Ma*" their most naturall and gracyous Soveraigne Ladye, and having in remembraunce the manifold and ample Benefittf w® they daylye receyve, not onely by yor moste gracious and godly Governement, whereby they bee conserved in Peace and Quietnes, and so more liable to serve God and intend to their Office and VocacSn, but also and that moste cheiflye by the setting forth and advauncing of Gods moste holly Woorde and his sincere and true Religion in this your Realme, and abollishing of all forraine Power contrary to the same; considering also the greate Chardgf wherew,h yt can not bee but that your Ma°" from tyme to tyme ys lyke to bee burdened in defending and preserving this your Realme, w,h other your Highenes Domynions and naturall Subjects, in Christian Peace and Tranquilytye against all Assaultf of foreyne Enerayes: In Considerac&n of the p^misses, and for a true Declaration of their bounden Duetyes good Harts and Myndf to your Ma"', wu' one unifourme Agreement Accord and Consent togeather, w11' most hartye good Will, have given and graunted and by these p*sentf doe give and graunte to yo' Highenes your Heires and Successours one Subsidye, in manner and fourme following, that ys to saye: That everye Archebisshopp Bisshopp Deane Archedeacon Provost Master of Colledge Prebendarye Parson Vicar, and every other pson and psons of whatsoever Name or Degree hee or they bee w,hin the Province of Canterburye enjoyeng any Spuall Promocon, or other Temporall Possessions to the same Spuall Promocbn annexed nowe not devided or seperated by Acte of Parliament or otherwyse from the possession of the Cleargie, shall paye to your Highenes your Heires and Successours, for everye pounde that hee maye yearly dispend by reason of the said Spuall Promocon, the somme of Syx Shillingf : And for the true and certeyne Value of all the Promotions and everye of them wherof the payment of this Subsydye shalbee made, the Rate Taxac&n Valuac&n and Estimacon nowe remaining of Record in yo' Ma"" Courte of Exchequer, for the payment of the perpetuall Disme or Tenthe graunted to yor Ma'‘" moste noble Father in the Syx and Twentye yeere of his

9 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A0A575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 22.

633

Raigne, concerning suche Promoc&ns as nowe bee in possession of the Cleargie or of any other not devided by any Acte of Parliament or otherwise alienated from the Possession of the Cleargye, shall onely be followed and observed, w^out making any Valuac&n Rate Taxac&n or Estimac&n other then in the said Recorde is nowe comprysed: Provided allwayes that forasmuche as the tenth parte of the said Rate and Valuac&n before menc&ed ys yerely payed

to your Highenes for the said perpetuall Disme, so as there remayneth only nine parts to the Incombent cleare,

This Subsidye of Syx Shilling^ the Pounde shalbe understanded and ment of everye Pound only of the said nine parts and of no more: Provided allwayes that no person that ys allreadye promoted to any Benefice or Spuall Promoc&n, and hathe compounded w4 yor Ma"' for the Firste Fruitf of the same, sythen the second daye of October Iaste paste in the yere of our Lord One thousand fyve hundrede seaventye fyve, or that ys or hereafter shalbee promoted to any Benefyce or Spuall Promoc&n, and shall compound w* your Ma"* your Heires or Successors for the Firste Fruitf of the same, one thisside the secound daye of October w* shalbee in the yere of our Lord one thowsand fyve hundred seaventye eight, shalbee contributorye or chardged for the same Benefyce or Promoc&n to your Highenes yor Heires or Successors, w"1 any parte of this Subsidye during the firste yeere after the tyme of any suche

compounding for his First Fruitf; And that every suche person allredye promoted to any Benefice or Spuall

Promoc&n as hathe compounded w"1 yor Ma"* for the Firste Fruitf of the same, betwene the secound daye of October in the yere of our Lorde one thowsand fyve hundred seaventye foure, and the said secound daye of October in the yere of our Lord one thowsand fyve hundred seaventye fyve, shalbee contrybutorye or chardged for the same Promoc&n to yo' Highenes your Heires or Successours, but only w4 the Moytye of the firste payment of the said Subsidye, in respecte that the Moytye of his Firste Fruitf for the said Promoc&n remayned unpayed unto your Ma,k, the said second of October one thowsand fyve hundred seaventye fyve: And your Prelatf and Cleargie also doe graunte that this Subsidye of Syx Shillingf the Pound of the nine partes of the yerely Value of every Promoc&n Spuall aforesaid wtl,in the said Province, taxed as ys aforesaid, shalbe payed to your Ma* your Heires and Successours w"*in three yeres next ensuing the Date hereof, in manner and iourme following, that ys to saye; Two Shillingf of every Pounde aforesaid in every of the said three yeeres; The first payment thereof to bee dewe at the secound daye of October next ensuing, in the yere of our Lord one thousand five hundred three skore and syxteene; and the secound payment thereof to bee dewe at the secound daye of October wrt shalbee in the yere of our Lord one thowsand fyve hundred threeskore and seaventene; and the third payment thereof to bee dewe at the secound daye of October in the yere of our Lord one thowsand fyve hundred threeskore and eightene; to bee delivered and payed yerely by suche person and psons as in this p>sent Graunte shalbee appointed to have the collection thereof, to the Lorde Highe Treasurer or Under Treasourer of England for the tyme being, or to suche other person or persons and in suche other place or places as yt shall please your Highenes to appointe, to bee payed at or before the three and twentyth daye of Januarye in every of the said three yeres ; w^out payeng any Thing to the Receyvour or to any other Officer or Personnes to bee assigned for the Receipte thereof, for any Aquitaunce or other dischardge upon any suche payment or receipte of the said Subsidie or any parte thereof to bee given and delivered, but onlye foure pence, and that to the Clark for the writing of everye of the same Acquitaunce or Dischardge for everye of the same paymentf : Item, yor Graces sayd Prelatf and Cleargie also doe graunte, that everye Freest and all other Eccfiasticall persons having any Pencon payable by your Ma1" your Heires or Successours, by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colledgf Free Chappells Chaunteries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalls, or of any other Spuall Dignitye or Corporac&n, nowe dissolved w^in the said Province of Canterburye, shall lykewyse paye to yor Highenes your Heires and Successours Six Shillingf of everye Pound of the said Pendon, w^n the said three yeres, at suche dayes and tymes as arr before specyfyed ; And that for the sure payment thereof, deduction and retencon of the said Syx Shillingf shall bee made yerely in the Handes of the Paye's of the said Pennons, after the Rate and Porc&n of Two Shillingf the Pounde every of the said three yeeres, to be accompted for and aunswered to yor Mali" use by yor Highenes Receyvours and Officers deputed for payment of suche Pen cons in their severall Accomptf, w,hin the w* Allowaunce shalbee given them for the payment of any suche Penc&ns lyable to the severall payementf of the saide Subsidie: Item, yo' said p*lats and Cleargie doe graunte, that everye Preste or Minister Stipendarye, receyving any Annuall Stipend being no perpetuitye, of Eight Pounds or above w^in the said Province, shall paye unto the use of yo' Highnes your Heires and Successours, Six Shillingf and Eight Pence in every of the said thre yeeres, at suche tyme and to suche psons as the said Subsidye shalbee payed ; And for Defaulte of payment of the said Stipendaries, that every Person Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall person Proprietarye or Farmour, hyring any Preste or Minister to serve in any place, shalbe aunswerable and chardged for and wth the payment of the said Syx Shillingf and Eight Pence for the said Preste or Minister everye of the said three yeeres, and shall and maye make Retenc&n of his and their Wages Quarterly, of so muche as the said Stipendaries be chardged w4 by this p>sent Graunte every of the said three yeeres: Item, your said Prelatf and Cleargie doe graunte that everye Archebisshopp and Bisshopp, and the Sea being void every Deane and Chapter of that Sea voide, shalbee Collectours of this Subsidye wthin their proper Dioces, during the saide three yeres, other then of the Penc&ners aforesaid; And the said Archebisshop Bysshop, or the Sea being void the Deane and Chapiter,

shall certyfie into yo' Ma"" Court of Exchequer under their Seales the Names and Surnames of suche Stipendarye

Prestf and Ministers w,hin their Dioces as bee chardgeable by this Acte, at or before the said three and twentyth

Daye of Januarye yerely during the said three yeeres: And yor said Prelates and Cleargie do moste humblye

beseche yo' Ma’1' That yt may be enacted by yo' Majestie and yo' Highe Courte of Parliament, (for the spedie payment of the saide Subsydie and to avoyde delayes thereof,) That when and as often as anye Collecto' or Collecto" chargeable w"* the Collectyon of the Subsidie or of anie parte thereof, or the Deputie or Deputies of anie of them, shall offer the payment thereof or of anye parte thereof to the use of yo' Ma"' yo' Heires or Successo"

but chargeable on Nine-Tenths only;

and not on the first Year after compounding for the First Fruits on any Promotion, kc.

Payable in Three Years, at. in each Year.

Clerk's Fee on Acquittances to Collectors.

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests from dissolsed Monasteries, &c.

Priests receiving Stipends amounting to £8, shall pay 6s. 8d. yearly.

Bishops, &c. shall be Collectors, &c.

Payments shall be received from Collectors when offered, 4te.

7Y

634

18° Eliz. q.9SL

A.D. 1575-6.

Auditors shall take Accounts when required ; Penalty 4&io.

Collectors shall hare the same Powers as for levying the Tenth,

&c.

Allowance for Collection, 6d. in the Pound.

Penalty on Spiritual Persons making Default ofPayment; Loss of the particular Benefice, on Certificate of such Default into the Exchequer by the Bishop charged with the Collection.

Form of such Certificate.

to anye person or persons appointed to receyve the same by youre Highnes or by the said Lorde Highe Threasorer or Under Threasorer, that the said person or psonnes so appointed, shall w^in sower dayes next after suche Appointement receve or cawse to be receved the Money so offered to be paide w^owte anie furder Delaye; and shall delyver one sufficient Bill testyfienge the Receipte thereof to the said Collectour or his Deputies uppon everie suche particuler payment; And that everie suche Auditour as is or shalbe appointed to take or receyve the Accompte of any suche Collectour or Collectoures, shall w,hin sixe dayes next after Requeste to him to be made, trewlie and indifferentlie take the saide Accompte and make Allowaunce, as by this Graunte is appointed; uppon payne that everie suche persone and persones appointed to receyve the some or somes so offred, and everie suche Auditour, shall lose and forfeite, for everie Defaulte or Delaye to be made to the saide Collectoure or Collectours so offeringe to make paymente or accompte as is afforesaide, the some of Tenne Poundes of lawefull Money of Englande; thone moytie thereof to be to yo' Majestie yor Heires and Successo", and thother Moytie to the said Collectour or Collectours so greyed; the same to be paide uppon Complainte made to the Lorde Threasoro' Under Threasorer or to the Lorde Chief Barone of yor Mau" Courte of Exchequere, who uppon suche Complainte shall pntlie examine the Matter, and findinge Default, shall comytt the Offender to Warde, there to remaine untill he shall have paide the said severall somes soe forfeited: And for the better levyinge and recoveringe of the said Subsedie, yor saide Prelates and Cleargie doe likewise moste humblye beseche yo' Highnes that yt maye be enacted by yo' Majestie and yor said Highe Courte of Parliament, in maner and fourme followinge. That ys to saye; That everie Collectour of the said Subsedye and of everie parte and pcell thereof, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, may have full power and aucthoritie to use all suche Wayes and Meanes and Processe as be prescribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme for the Collection and Levyinge of the same, and may make Accompte thereof before the Lorde Highe Threasorer or Under Threasorer of England for the tyme beinge, or anie other Officer by yo' Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and in suche place as yo' Majestie likewise shall assigne, in suche wise and after suche Fourme onlie as the saide Archbishoppes and Bishoppe be nowe charged to make Accompte for the saide perpetuall Disme or Tenth, wherebie ys mente that the lacke and defaulte of paymente of and for anie particler Promotion or Promoc&ns, shall onlie charge the Incumbent or Incumbentf and suche other as be bounde to paye the same; And that the Archbishopp Bishoppe Deane and Chapiter, gatheringe that wch they canne receave and makinge payment thereof, shall for the reste not by them receyved be discharged by their Certificate to be made at or before the three and twentithe daye of January in every of the saide three yeres unto yo' Highnes Courte of Exchequer: And that Sixe Pence of everie Pounde,

wherew"1 the Collectour shalbe charged in his Accompte derely to be paide into the Receipte of yo' Majesties

Exchequer or into suche other Place as shall please your Highnes to appointe, shalbe allowed to the said

Collectour uppon his Accompte for the same, in everye of the saide three yeres, for the Charges of Collection

Portage safe Conveyinge and Payinge of the said Subsydie: And moreover that yt maye be enacted likewise. That after anye payment of the sayde Subsidie shalbe once dewe by vertue of this Graunte in anie of the saide three yeres, yf anie Incubenr of anie Benefice or Promoc&n Spuall, charged to the paymente of the same Subsidie, beinge at anie tyme after that the same paymente shalbe dewe lawfully inonyshed eyther psonallie or at his Dignitye Stall Churche or Mansyon Howse, by the Archebishoppe or Bishoppe of the Dioces or his Deputy or Deputies,

or the Deane and Chapiter the Sea beinge voyde, or by any their Deputie or Deputies aucthorized in that Behalf,

to appeare by hymself or his Deputie at a certeine daye or place of convenient distaunce to the saide Incombente then to be signified & prefixed, and then and there to paye suche parte of the saide Subsidie for his Benefice or Promocon Spuall as then by vertue of this Graunte shalbe dewe, doe not eyther at the same daye and place so

to him signified and prefixed trewelie contente and paye or cause to be contented and paid the same parte of

the said Subsidie wd‘ then by him shalbe dewe to be payde unto the same Archebishoppe or Bishoppe or to

his Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapiter of any Sea beinge voyde, or to their Deputie or Deputies or to

one of them, shewinge sufficient deputation from the said Archbishoppe Byshoppe or Deane and Chapiter under his or their Seale in that Behalf, beinge readie at the same daye and place so signified and prefixed to receve anie payment of the said Subsedye then dewe and openlie demaundinge the same, or els paye the same w^in sortie dayes next after anie suche prefixed daye at the furthest, (so that open demaunde be made of the said Subsydie in and at the saide place and daye before prefixed,) That then everie Incubent so makinge defaulte of payment of his parte of the saide Subsidie in anie of the said three yeres, after suche defaulte thereof certefied into yo'

Ma"" Exchequer in Writinge under the Seale and Hande Writinge of any Archbyshoppe or Bishoppe, or the

Comen Seale of the Deane & Chapiter the Sea beinge voyde, chardged wth the Collection of the same Subsidie, so that the said Certyficate shalbe made accordinge to the Fourme hereafter expressed and exhibited into yo' Ma,ie‘ saide Courte of Exchequer, at or before the three and twentithe daye of Januarye in everie of the said three yeres, shall forfeit and lose to yo1 Majestie yo' Heires or Successors, all the Proffittf wch of that only Dignitie Benefice or Promocon, for the wch he maketh suche defaulte of payment and whereof suche Certificate shalbe made, shall come growe or arise, (over and above the Charges of servinge of the Cure,) in one whole yere next after suche Certyficate made and delyvered into yo' Highnes Court of the Exchequer, and there admitted, in case the same Incubente shall so longe live; And that everie Certificate of anie suche default of payment shalbe made accordinge to the Teno’ and Effecte ensuinge, mutatis mutandis: Honorabilibus et egregiis viris, Dno Thesaurario et Baronibus de Scaccario Illustrissime Dne hre Dne Elizabethe Dei gra Anglie Francie et Hibnie Regine Fidei Defensor, &c. Vester humilis E. permissione divina L. Epus aucthoritate et vigore cujusdam actus Pliamenti, anno regni dee Dne Regine Decimo octavo editi et provisi, ad colligendu et levand Subsidiu eidem Dne Regine, in eodem Parliamento per pHatos et Clerum Cantuariens Provincie concessum, Viz. pro prima solucone inde solvenda secundo die Octobris

A.D. 1575-6.

18°Eliz. c. 22.

635

ultimo preterito, infra Diocesm iiram L. deputatus et aucthorizatus, omnimodam reverentiam tantis viris dcbitam cu honore: Vestris reverentiis haru serie annuntio et certificio me prefatu Epum, modo quo prefertur deputatu et aucthorizatu, sufficienter et cu omni dilligentia requisisse per N. O. deputat meu in hac parte, de quocunque Beneficio et Promotione Ecctiastica, in quadam schedula pntibus aiiexa specificatis, Sumas died Subsidii predictis Beneficiis et Promocbnibus debitas pro prima soluebne dicti Subsidii debiti solvendi dicto secundo die Octobris ultimo preterito, prout in eadem schedula presentibus annex plenius liquet et apparet: Sed dictas Summas ex causis in eadem schedula allegatis recipere non potui. In cujus rei testimoniu Sigillu meu presentibus apponi feci. Daf die Anno Dni Mittimo quingentesimo septuagesimo sexto. The Fourme of w'h

Schedule above menebned ensuethe; Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibm monit

suit apud predict die ultimo praeterito, per N. O. deputatu meu, ad solvend apud

Eccliam de L. in Com E. die tunc proxime sequente, illam partem Subsidii per ipsum debitam,

secundo die Octobris ultimo pWito pro Promocbne sua predicta. Sed predictus A. B. nec apud Eccliam de L. predictam eodem die nec alibi per quadraginta dies postea, Sumam per ipsum debitam (ut preferturJ

solvit vel satisfecit ; neqs dictam Sumam de proficuis dicte Promocbnis, nec de bonis et catallis dicti A. B. aliquo modo levare sive recipere potui. Provided alwayes, That yf any Person or Incubent charged by this

Act or Graunte to any payment of this Subsidie, shall proffer or tender payment of anie some dewe, to the Archebishopp or Bisshope or to the Deane and Chapiter wheare the Sea ys voyde, or to anie Deputie or Deputies of anie Archbishoppe Bishopp or Deane and Chapiter aforesaid, at anie tyme before the Certificate exibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaide. That then, notwithstandinge the Certificate made as is aforesaide against anie suche Person, the saide Incumbent or Person againste whome the Certificate was so made, shall and may aver the offer or tender of his payment as ys aforesaide; And yf the same shalbe tried ether by sufficient Witnesse before the Lorde Threasorer or Barons of Thexchequer or by the Tryall of Twelve Men uppon anie Yssue thereupon to be joyned betwixt the same Incumbent or anie other Pson or Psons, that he or anie for him do offer or tender the payment of the sume due as ys aforesaid, That then every suche Incumbent shall have and enjoye his Promocbn or Promocbns still, w,bowte forfavtinge or losinge to yo' Majestie yo' Heires or Successo" anye of the Proffittf thereof, and as thoughe noe Certificate or Default of suche payment had byn made or exhibited ; Any thinge in this Graunte or Acte to the contra'ye notw^standinge: And further that yt maye be enacted likewise, That everye Archebishopp and Bishoppe and Deane and Chapiter of everie Sea vacant, and other Psones chargeable to and w11* the Collection of the said Subsidye of Six Shillingf the pounde wu,in the saide Province of Canterburie, shall and may have, uppon every paymente of the same Subsidie made to the Lorde Highe Treasoro' or Under Treasourer of England for the tyme beinge, or to suche other Person or Persons in place and places to whome and wheare yt shall please yor Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to appoynte for the Receipt thereof in everie of the said three yeres, a sufficient Acquittaunce Discharge or Quietus est in Writinge of the saide Lorde Highe Thre.isourer or Under Treasourer, or of suche other Psone or Psones as eyther yo’ Highnes or yo’ saide Courte of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipte thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cawses yt hath byn accustomed, the same Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipte of as muche of the same some of the saide Subsidie as shalbe so receved; And that everie Accquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writinge, sealed or subscribed w1" the Name or Names of the saide Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer for the tyme beinge, or of suche Auditour or other Pson or Psones as yt shall please yo' Highnes or yo saide Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the same Receipte, or of suche others as heretofore in like cases yt hath byn used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and be also as sufficient Discharge to all and everie of the said Collectours, to all Internes Constructions and Purposes as yf the same were made by Acte of Parliament; And that evreie of the said Collectours shall paye but onlie Three Shillingf and Fower Pence for everie generall and finall Accquittaunce Discharge or Quietus est, for every yeres paymente of the saide Subsidie: And also that every particler Accquittance, w1* uppon paymente of any parte of the said Subsidie shalbe made, by any Collectour or Collectours of the same Subsidie or of anie payment thereof, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies in that behalf, to anie Incumbent of anie Benefice or Promocbn Spuall, or to any other Person or Personnes contributories and chargeable to and w,h the same Subsidie or anie parte or paymente thereof, shalbe good and effectuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient Discharge to everie suche Incumbent and other Person, and his Benefice or Promotion Spuall, of and for all suche sume and sumes of Money as by the same Accquittance shalbe acknowledged to be receaved in respecte of the same Benefice or Promotion Spuall, for anie payment or parte of the same Subsidie; And that none Accquittance of any other person or persons, made before suche Certificate, shall in any wise discharge any Person or Promotion for any parte of this Subsidie nor of anie Paine Penaltie or Forefayture specified in this Graunte: And to thintent yt may be knowen to the Courte of Exchequer who be the Deputie or Deputies of everie suche Archebishoppe Bisshoppe Deane and Chapiter, able to make Acquittance, everie Archbishopp Bishoppe and Deane and Chapiter of any Sea beinge voyde, shall yerely w*1 the Stificate of the Names of Stipendarie Priest f, certifie the Name & Names of everie the Deputies to be appointed as ys aforesaide: Provided alwayes, That noe Spuall Promocbns, or any Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, beinge charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterburie, or anie Goodes or Cattalles groweinge beinge or renewinge uppon the same or els wheare, apperteyninge to the Owners of the said Spuall Promocbns or to any of them, shalbe charged or made contributorie to any Fieftene orTenthe or any other Subsidye, allreadie graunted to yo' Highnes by the Laytie or hereafter to be graunted duringe the tearme of the saide Three yeres : Provided also, That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Masters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colleges or any of them w"’in the said Province, shalbe charged w,h this Subsidie for those Possessions Revenues and Porcbns only wcl‘ to their severall Promotions Dignities and Romes are clerelye and distinctly lymytted, and to their only Uses severed thereof, to paye (the tenth parte beinge deducted) Sixe Shillingf of every pounde

and Schedule to be annexed.

Proviso for Payment by the Incumbent before Certificate is exhibited in the Exchequer.

Acquittances to Collectors paying Subsidies to Lord Treasurer

Feet thereon.

Acquittances to Incumbents for their Payments.

Names of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, Sec. chargeable for their Promotions.

636

18° Eliz. c.22.

A.D. 1575-6.

Revenue* of Cathednh, See. appropriated to the Poor, &c. not chargeable.

Certificate of »uch Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, See. vested in the Crown, under St. I Edw.VI. c.14. or since, as Lands concealed.

Exemption

for Colleges in the

Universities, 8cc.

Exemption for Benefices under £6. 13s. 4d. Vicarages from £$ to agio pay only 6s. 8d.

Exemption for Pensions not exceeding £tr

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

w,hin the said Three yeres, in maner and fourme as is above rehearsed : And that all those Rents Possessions Proffittf Porc&ns Hereditam*f and Spuall Promoc&ns, and everie of them, heretofore by yo' Highnes or any yor Majesties Noble Progenitors or anie other persone or persones whatsoever geven graunted bequethed demised or impropried unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiat Churches or Colledges or to any of theim, w4 any wayes be assigned imployed or used, either for or towardes the yerelie maynten*nce of poor Men Scoolemaisters Ushers Gramarians Petycannons Conductf Vicars Chorall Readers of Devinitye Singinge Men Choristers Vergers, or of anie other necessarie & dailye Officers or Mynisters in suche Cathedrall or Collegiat Churches or Colleges or anie of them, or for or towards the redifienge or repayringe of anie of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colleges, shall not be charged w* any parte of this Subsidie; The certeintie of w* Porc&ns, aswell chargeable to this Subsidie as not chargeable in this behalf, the Archbishoppe or Bishopp of the Dioces, or the Sea beinge voyed the Deane and Chapiter, uppon dewe Searche and Examinac&n shall certyfie under his or their Seale into yor Highnes saide Courte of Exchequer, at or before the said three and twentithe daye of Januarie in everie of the said three yeres: Provided alwayes, That everie Parson Vicar or other Spuall Parson payinge any Penc&n whereof noe allowance is made in the Valuac&n of his Promoc&n or Benefice, shall and may reteyne Twoo Shillinges of epye pounde of everie suche Penc&n everie yere duringe the said Three yeres to his owne Relief, in considerac&n that hee is charged to paye this Subsidie of Sixe shillingf the pounde owte of everie pounde of the whole valewe of his Promocon ; Anye Coven*nt Graunt or Bonde to the contrarie notw^standinge: Provided also, and yor said Prelates and Clergie do most humbly beseche yor Highnes, that yt may be enacted by yo’ Ma°" Aucthoritie and yor Highc Courte of Parliam', That where certeine Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promoc&ns, eyther Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruytes and other Heredifentf, lately belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches and to other placf and psons Ecdiasticall w^in the said Province of Canterburie, w1* were gyven and assigned to be bestowed and spent in & one the findinge and mainteininge of certeine Chaunteries Anniversaries Obytes Lyghtf Lampes & other like Charges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into Thandes and Possession of the late Kinge of famous Memory Edwarde the Sixt, by force of a Statute therof made in the First yere of his late Raigne, as by the said Statute more plainelye appearethe; That the said Cathedrall Churches, and the Bishoppf Deanes or Prelates and Chapiters and Prebendaries of the same, & all other placf & Psons Ecclesiastical!, or anie of them, to whome the saide Landes Rents and other the phniss or any of them dyd latelie apperteine, shall not duringe the said Three yeres be charged to & w*" anye payin' of Subsidie, of and for that parte or porcon of Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promoc&ns and other Heredifentf or anie of them, whereunto the said Kinge by force of the said Statute was intytled or possessed of, nor of or for anye yerely Rents or Paymentf goinge owte or dewe to be paid unto yo' Ma,le owte of the premisS nor anie pte thereof; but only of and for all and singler Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promocons Tythes Penc&ns Porcbns Frutf and other Heredifentf wch doe yet still remaine not desevered from Thandes and Possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the places & psons Ecctiasticall aforesaid; And that Deducc&n & Allowance thereof be made to them and everie of them accordinglie, in and uppon everie payin' of this saide Subsidie, owte of the whole Valewe Taxac&n and Esdmafbn made for the payment of the saide perpetuall Disme or Tenth remayninge of Recorde in yor Highnes Court of Exchequer, for that rate and porc&n of Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promof&ns and other Hereditam'f & those yerely paymentf whereunto the said late Kinge was intitled or possessed of; or wd‘ sithence the makinge of the said Statute, by reason that they have bynn founde as Lands Tefitf Rents Tythes and other Hereditamentf concealed from the said late Kinge Edwarde the Sixt, the late Kinge Henrie Theight, the late Quene Marye, or anie of them, or from yo' Majesrie, or otherwise, are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons afforesaid, or of anye of them, by force of the Statute phnised, or any other wise: Provided also, That this Subsidy granted by the Cleargye, shall not be demaunded or levied owte of any Benefyce Howse of Students or Colledge scituate or set w^in eyther of the UniPsityes of Oxford or Cambridge, or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said Univ’sityes or eyther of them, or to any Howse of Students or Colledge in any of the same UniPsities, united appropriated or apperteyning ; or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledgf of Wyndsor, or Eaton nighe Windsor, or of the Colledge called S' Maries Colledge by Winchester founded by William Wickh*m sometyme Bisshop of Winchester, or of any Hospitalls Almeshowses or Gramer Scoles or of any Churche Benefice or other Revenues to the said Colledges Hospitalls Aimes howses Aimes halles or Gramer Scholes, or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwyse apperteyning: Provided allwayes, That all Parsons Vicars and other Ecctiasticall psons whose Benefices are not above Six pounds thirtene shillings and sour pence by yeare, after the Taxac&n aforesaid, shall not bee charged w"1 this Subsidye, or any parte thereof: Provided also, That every Vicar whose Benefice ys Eight pounds or above, and not above Tenne pounds by yere after the Taxacbn aforesaid, shall paye everye yere of the siad Three yeres onely syx shillingf eight pence. for his parte of the said Subsidye, as Stypendarye Prestf be charged to paye by force of this Graunte, and not otherwise; and yf yt be under Eight pounds, he shall not bee charged w* any parte of the said Subsidye: Provided also, That everye Prest and all other Eccfiasticall or late Religeous persons, having a Penc&n by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteryes Colledges Free Chappells Chaunteries Fratemityes Guildes and Hospitalls, or any other Incorporac&n w"in the Province of Canterburye or any of them, and being of the somme of sour pounds or under and not above, shall not bee charged or chargeable for any suche Pention; Any Thing conteyned in this Graunte to the contrarye notwithstanding: And for the sure and true payment of this Subsidye graunted by yor said Prelatf and Cleargie of the Provynce of Canterburye, according to the Tenour Pu'porte Effecte and true meaning of this jpsent Graunte, Yo’ said Prelates and Cleargie most humbly desyer your Highenes that this their said Gifte Graunte and Subsidye, and every Matter Sdme of Money Petic&n Clause Provisions and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned, concerning the said Subsidie, maye be ratyfyed established and confirmed by the aucthoritye of yor Highenes Courte of Parliament:

Go

PENN STATI

A.V-1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 22.

637

Wherfore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidye, graunted by the said Prelatf and Cleargie of Such Subiidy the said Province of Canterburye, according to the Tenour Effecte and true Meaning of the sayd Instrument, parliament.

Bee yt Enacted by the Queenes Mau' w,h the assent of the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this »«ordmgljr.

Psent Parlyament assembled, and by the aucthorytye of the same, That the said Gifte and Graunte, and every Matter some of Money Petycftn Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stand and bee ratyfyed establyshed and confirmed by the Aucthoritye of this psent Parliament.

And Further bee yt enacted by Thaucthoritye aforesaid, That every pson that shalbee appointed to the The uid Subridy

Collection and Gathering of the said Subsydye, shall have full power and aucthoritye to levye take and pceive shall be levied by

the same Subsidye by thaucthorytye of the Censures of the Churche, That ys to saye, by Suspenf&n Excomunicacon frpb" or Interdice&n, and also by Sequestrac&n of the Fruitf and Pi offittf of their Benefices and Promoc&ns Sporitu.il I, in and when whose Hands so ever they bee, and to make sale of the same Fruitf, w^out daunger of the Lawes of this Realme; allowed nut of their or by Distresse upon the Possessions of the Fermours or Occupyers of the Lands and Tents, chargeable by the said Instrumentf for or to the payment of any some or sdmes of Money to bee due by force thereof, or otherwise to the contrary, by the discretion of the Collectour thereof; And that no Replevye Prohibic&n or Supsedias shalbe allowed or obeyed for any Pson or Psons making defaulte of the payment of the said Subsydye, contrary to the Tenour of the Graunte thereof, untyll suche tyme as they have truely satisfied and contented all suche parte and porc&ns as to theim in that behalf appteyneth: And that every suche Farmour and Farmours their Executo" and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to bee chardged to and w,h the paiment of the said Subsidie or any parte thereof, shall by

the aucthoritye aforesaid, be allowed and reteyne in his Hands as rauche of His yerely Rent and Farme as the

some wch he shall fortune to paye for his Lord or Leasso' shall extend unto; Excepte the said Farmour or Farmours their Executo" and Assignes, by the Lease and Gr*nte that they have of any parte of the Lands Tythes •Proffittf Tenementf changeable to the saide Subsidye, or by force of any Coven*nte or Article therein conteyned, to bee bounde and chardged to paye the same, and thereof to dischardge the Lesso' and Landlord during the Terme mencoed in the said Lease.

And likewise bee yt enacted by the auc.horitye of this psent Parliament, That whereas dyvers Curates lyable to this Subsidye being oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in divers impropriac&ns belonging to the Queenes Ma'1', as in other Spuall Promoc&ns belonging to other persons; That for the spedye Recovery of the said Subsidye, yt maye be lawfull to the Collecto' or Collectours of the saide Subsidye their Deputye or Deputyes, to levye the said Subsidye upon the Farmour or Farmours or Occupiers of all suche Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promoctms by all Censures of the Churche aforesaid and everye of them, or by waye of Distresse of Tythes of the said Impropriacon or Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promoc&ns, or otherwyse upon the Goods and Cattaills of the saide Farmour or Farmours and Occupyers, in wcl* case no Inhibif&n Prohibic&n Replevye or other Processe awarded to the contrary, shalbee obeyed; Any Lawes Statutf Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof heretofore made graunted or used, or hereafter to bee made graunted or used to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge. And that yt may bee lawfull to the Collectourf, and the Officers and Ministers of suche Archebisshopp Bisshop and Deane and Chapiter, for not payment of the said Subsidye after the same shall bee due in any of the said three yeeres, to prayse and value the said Distresse and Distresses by two indiferent Neighebours by hym to bee chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so praysed, to sell, and thereof to deteyne so muche Money as shall amounte to the somme payable to the Queenes Mau*, w"1 the reasonable Chargf also of the said Collectour susteyned in that behalf; and the rest of the Money made of the said Distresse to bee delyvered and payed to the Owner and Occupyer thereof.

Provided ailwayes and bee yt enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That every Laye Person having Spuall Promoc&n chardgeable by this Acte, and allso having Temporall Possessions Goods Catteills and Debtes chargeable to the said Subsidye graunted in this Parlyament by the Temporalltye, shalbee taxed chardged and set for his said Spuall Promoc&ns wlh the Cleargie, and for his Temporall Possessions and Chattells Reall w"' the Temporalltye, and not otherwyse ; Any thing before menc&ed to the contrary notw^standing.

III. Subiidy upon Impropriations may be levied on the Farmers thereof.

Distresses may be appraised and sold.

IV.

Lay Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaid, That all and every Graunt and Graunts of all and every Subli(J the some and somes of Money, w^ hereafter shalbee graunted to the Queenes Ma"* by the Cleargie of the Province of Province of York Yorck, shalbee of the same strength force and effecte in all things as the said Graunte made by the said Province of Caunterburye; and shalbee taxed certified collected levied gathered and payed according to the tennour fourme and effecte of this psent Acte of Parliam', to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes, in suche manner and fourme as thoughe yt were specyally playnely and particulerly expressed and rehersed in this Acte, by expresse Woordf Termes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided ailwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthorytye aforesaid, That all Provisoes before rehersed, conteyned A]J Pro^nt in the said Graunt of the plats and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburye, and the lyke of the same Provisoes in the Grant* hereafter to bee conteyned in the Graunt of the plats and Clergie of the Province of Yorck, shalbee good and CODfinne<1-effectual), and to bee observed and kepte in every Pointe and Article, according to the true purporte and meaning of the same.

CHAPTER XXIII. (')

An Acte of Two Fyfteenes and Tenthes and One Subsydye graunted by the Temporaltye.

Motives of this Subidy

Grant of Two whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable in Two Years; deducting j?6,oooo out of each for Poor Towns, &c.

II.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of Parliament for the several Shires, he.;

r[E View of the long and present Miseries in other Realmes so nigh us on every Side, (most mighty and redoubted Sovereigne,) causeth Us your Majesties humble Subjects to enter into due Consideration of the great Blisse and Happinesse which God hath and doth dayly powre out upon Us, in most bountifull and fatherly sorte, under your Majesties most happy Rule and Govemement over Us, and to acknowledge Our selves infinitely bound to render unto him with all Humblenesse of Heart and Soule our most hearty Praise and Thanks for the same, as also to desire the blessed [Countenance * 3 of his fatherly Protection over Us, by preserving your Majestie in Health and Safety against the Attemptes of all your Enemies, who cease not to practise against your Highnesse his annoynted, and our most gracious Sovereigne, intending thereby to bereave us of that Benefite of Peace which maketh all our Hearts joyfull, the same being (as it is) so clearely joyned with your Majesties safety, as without which all Peace to us could bee but Warre, and all Tranquilitie most cruell Bloodshed; And therefore considering with Our selves the inestimable Treasure of our so happy Peace, for the Mainteinance and Continuance whereof no small Portion of Treasure hath beene employed, which oft times falleth out to bee no lesse well bestowed, (a Thing we finde by experience) in preventing Mischiefes before they breake out to open Flame, then in quenching them when they are once kindled; And againe, laying before ouer Eyes the great Malice borne to those Kingdomes which make profession of the Gospel, and what Wee may undoubtedly looke for being forwarned thereof sundry Wayes, for the preventing whereof it is no lesse requisite to have some Masse of Treasure in Redinesse then to have a Preservative against Poyson; And considering the great and excessive Charges which your Majestie hath beene at divers wayes farre surmounting your Majesties Ordinary Revenewes, the same having growen partly through the dearenesse of the Time (a Thing which each of us findeth in our private Expences) but chiefely through sundry extraordinary Accidentes which the Necessitie of your State required to be provided for; Web your Majesties most humble loving and obedient Subjectes the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons of this present Parliament assembled, meaning and freely intending of our selves, as we are bound aswell in all dutifulnesse, to make some Declaration Shew and evident Testimonie how much and how infinitely Wee thinke our selves bound and indebted to your Majestie, for your singuler Care and Watchfulnes for the Preservation of Us our Lives and Goods, being in no wise able to render suche due and thankefull Recomptnce for the same, as hath beane and is duely deserved; As also that your Highnesse may have in Redinesse such Provision and Store as whereby any Enemie whatsoever that shall hereafter attempt against your Majesties most Royall Person of State, may speedily and easily bee resisted and our Lives and Liberties preserved, as your Majesties most humble obedient and loving Subjects, humbly on our Knees beseech your Highnesse to accept in good part our redy Willes in this our Present of One Subsidie and Two Fifteenes, which Wee offer unto your Majestie; most humbly beseeching the same to measure it not by your Highnesse Disertes, but with your accustomed Clemencie, respecting alwayes not the Gift but the Hearts of the Givers; And for the Acceptation thereof to cause it to bee by your Highnesse the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by order of the same enacted as followeth: Be it enacted, That your Highnesse, toward the great Charges of this your Realme, and for the better Mainteinance of your Royall Estate, shall have by Authority of this present Parliament, Two Fifteenes and Tenthes, to bee payed taken and levied of the moveable Goods Cattells and other Things, usuall to such Fyfteenes and Tenthes to be contributory and chargeable, within the Shires Cities Boroughs Townes and other Places of this your Majesties Realme, in maner and forme aforetime used; excepte the summe of Twelve thousand pounds thereof fully to be deducted, that is to say, Six thowsand pounds of either of the said whole Fifteenes and Tenthes, in Reliefe Comfort and Discharge of the poore Townes Cities and Boroughes of this your said Realme, wasted desolate or destroyed or over greatly impoverished, after such Rate as was and hath afore this time beene had and made to every Shire, and to be divided in such maner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteene and Tenth hath beene had and divided ; And the said Two Fifteenes and Tenthes (the Exception and Deduction aforesaid thereupon had deducted and allowed) to be payed in Maner and Forme following. That is to say; The first whole Fifteene and Tenth (except before excepted) to be payed to your Highnesse in the Receipt of your Highnesse Exchequer before the fourth day of lune next comming; And the said second Fifteene and Tenth (except before excepted) to bee payed to your Highnesse in the said Receipt of your Exchequer, before the tenth day of May which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God M. D. lxxvij.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the Knights elected and returned of and for the Shires within this Realme for this present Parliament, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, where Collectours have beene used to bee named and appointed for the Collection of any Fifteene and Tenth before this time granted, shall name and appoint before the tenth day of Aprill next comming, sufficient and able persons to be Collectours for the Collection of the sayde First Fifteene and Tenth, and also shall likewise name and appoint before the tenth day of March which shall bee in the yeere of our Lord God M.D. bexvj. other sufficient and able persons to be Collectours for the Collection of the second Fifteene and Tenth in every of the said Shires Cities Boroughes and

1 From the Printed Copy in the Edition of the Statutes 1618, usually called Rastall’s. See Note pa. 606. a Query f Continuance

A.D'1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 23

639

i

I

t

K

il

II * ik la ha !. B

in;

F

F

ss

F

F

Ik

B

B

it

F

II

ik

F

ii

r»

F

F

F

ik

i

Townes; the said persons then having Landes Tenementes and other Hereditaments in their owne Righte, of an Estate of Inheritance of the yeerely value of xx ti. or in Goods worth CC ti. at the least, after such rate and value as he shall be rated in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said Limittes, and for want of such so assessed, that those shall be appointed Coliectours, that then shall be rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods ncerest to the values aforesaid; And also such person and persons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said Two Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall be by them severally appoynted and allotted into Hundredes Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughs and Townes; And allso the said persons so named and appointed for the Collection of the said severall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall be severally charged and chargeable, upon his or their Accompt or Accomptes in the Exchequer to bee made, with all such summe or summes of Money as the Hundredes Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appointed shall amount unto, and of no more summe or summes; And upon the payment of suche summes of money as he or they shall be so charged with, shall be discharged and have his and their Quietus est. The non accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiencie of them or any of them notwithstandinge; And the Names and Surnames of every of the said Coliectours for the said First Fifteene and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knights Citizens and Burgesses, for the Shires Cities and Boroughs whereunto they be allotted named and returned, shall certifie before the Queenes Majestie in her Chancery before the tenth day of May next comming, and likewise the Names and Surnames of every of the said Coliectours so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said Second Fifteene and Tenth, together with the Places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knights Citizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chancery before the tenth day of Aprill which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God M. D. lxxvij. accordinge to the tenor of this Acte: And if defaulte of any suche certifying be had or made in forme as is aforesaid, then the Lord Chauncellour of England, or Keeper of the Great Seale for the time being, shall immediately after name and appoint Coliectours for the Collection of eyther of the sayde Fifteenes and Tenthes, in such^like manner and forme as the sayde Knights of the Shire Citizens of Cities and Burgesses of Boroughs should have done, and as aforetime hath beene used; The which said Coliectours and every of them so to be named and appointed as is aforesayde, shall have Allowance upon their Accomptes for their Fees Wages and Rewardes for the Collection of the said Fifteenes and Tenthes, in as large manner and forme as any Collectour or Coliectours of any Fifteene and Tenth have had att any season in time paste; And that the Barons of the Queenes Exchequer for the time being shall and may from time to time award suche processe for the speedy Payment of the said severall Fifteenes and Tenthes against the Collectour and Coliectours of the same, as by their Discretions shall be thought convenient.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That the said Lord Chauncellour or Keeper of the Great Seal for the time being, Knights of the Shire, Citizens of Cities Burgesses of Boroughs Townes and other Places, having authority by this present Act to nominate the said Coliectours of or for the Collection of the said severall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall upon their Nomination and Election had and made, take by authoritie of this present Parliament, sufficient Recognizance or Obligation of every person so by them to bee named, to be bound to the Queenes Majestie in the double sum of the sum of their Collection, & to be endorsed upon such condition, that if the same Collector or Collectors of the said First Fifteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collector or Collectors of the said Second Fifteene and Tenth, doe truely content and pay to the use of the Queenes Majestie in her Receipt of the Exchequer for the said First Fifteene and Tenth, at or before the said fourth day of June next comming, and for the said Second Fifteene and Tenth at or before the sayde tenth day of May which shall bee in the yeere of our Lord God M. D. lxxvij. so much of the said summe of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection, as the same Coliectours shall have collected and gathered, doe likewise after the sayde fourth day of the said moneth of June and the said tenth day of May in every of the said two yeeres, content and pay to the Quenes Majesties use at the same Receipt, the Residue of his Collection and Charge, within one Moneth next after such time as hee shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the sayd Recognizance or Obligation to be voyd, or else to stand in his full strength and power; which Recognizance or Obligation so taken, the same Knights of the Shire Citizens and Burgesses and every of them taking any such Recognizance or Obligation, shall certifie and deliver to the Lord Treasourer and Barons of the same Exchequer before the same fourth day of June and tenth day of May in every of the sayde two yeeres, upon paine of forfeiture of x li. to the Queenes Highnesse for every Recognizance or Obligation so to bee taken and not certified ; And that every such Collectour upon Request to him made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizance or Obligation accordingly, upon like paine of forfeiture of x li. to the Queene for his refusal! thereof; And that the Treasourer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, upon the payment of the same Collection at the said Dayes, shall cansell and deliver the said Recognizance or Obligation to the said Collectour or Coliectours withoute anye other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to bee payed to any person for the same.

And Furthermore for the great and weighty Considerations aforesaid, We the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled. Doe by our lyke Assent, and Authoritie of this Parlyament, gyve and grante to your Highnesse our sayde Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Majeste your Heires and Successours, One entire Subsidie to be rated taxed levied and payed at two severall Payments, of every person Spirituall and Temporall, of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, accordinge to the tenour of this Act, in maner and forme followinge, That is to say ; Aswell of every person borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Dominions, as of all and every Fraternitie Guild Corporation Mysterie Brotherhed and Comminaltie, corporated or not corporated, within this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Dominions, being worth Three poundes.

Qualification! of Collectors;

Such Collector! shall be allotted to several Divisions j and chargeable for the tame severally;

and thei. Name! certified into Chancery;

or in Default such Collector! shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

Their Allowance

Process against

them.

III.

Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Subsidies.

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty j via. Of Subjects, above

is. 8 d. per Pound for the first Payment, and is. for the Second.

640

18° Eliz. c. 23.

A.D. 1575-6.

for every pounde aswell in Coyne and the Value of every pounde that every such Person Fratemitie Guild Corporation Mysterie Brotherhead Comminalty, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stocke of Merchandizes all maner of Corne and Graine Household Stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, aswell within this Realme as without, and of all such sums of money as to him or them is or shall be owing, whereof he or they trust in their conscience surely to be payd, Except and out of the Premisses deducted such summes of money as he or they owe, and in his or their conscience entendeth truely to pay, And except also the Apparrell of everie such persons their Wives and Children belonging to their owne Bodies, Saving Jewells Gold Silver Stone and Pearle, shall pay to and for the first payment of the sayd Subsidie, Twenty pence for every pound, On Aliens, 3*. 41I. and to and for the second payment of the said Subsidie, twelve pence for everie pound: And also every Alien and Payment "nd Stranger borne out of the Queenes obeisance, as well Denizen as others, inhabiting within this Realme, of everie

«. for the Second, pound that he or they have in Coyne, and the value of every pound in Plate Corne Graine Merchaundises Houshold Stuffe or other Goods Jewels Cattels moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaid, as well within this Realme as without, and of all sums of Money to him or them owing, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience to be paide, Except and out of the same Premisses deducted, every such sum or sums of Money which he or they doe owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truly to pay, shall pay of and for every pounde, to and for the first payment of the said Subsidie iij s. iiijd. and to and for the second payment of the said Subsidy ij s. of everie pownd: And also that every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Queenes Dominions, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contrybutory to any the Rates abovesaid, and being of the Age of vij yeares or above, shall pay to and for the first payment of the said Subsidie, iiij d. and to and for the second payment of the sayde Subsidy, iiij d. for everye Pole; And the Maister or he or she with whom the same Alien is or shall be abiding at the time of the taxation or taxations thereof, to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to Subsidy,

4d. each Payment.

V.

Subsidy on Lands of 20s. per Annum and upwards, by Two Payments, viz. On Natives, as. 8d. and is. 4d.

On Aliens,

58. 4d. and as. 8d.

Exceptions;

Mode of rating Personalty, See.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, See.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesayd. That everie person borne under the Queenes Obeysaunce, and everie Corporation Fratemitie Guilde Mysterie Brotherhood and Comminallie, corporate or not corporate, for every pound that everie of the same persons, and everie Corporation Fratemitie Guilde Mysterie Brotherhood and Comminaltie, corporate or not corporate, or anie other to his or their use, hath in Fee simple Fee taile, for terme of Life, terme of Yeres, by Execution Wardship or by Copie of Court Roll, of and in any Honours Castles Manours Lands Tenements Rents Services Hereditaments Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yearely Profits of the yearely value of xx s. as well within ancient Demeane and other Places priviledged or elswhere, and so upwards, shall pay to and for the first payment of the said Subsidie, ij s. viij d. of and for every pounde, and to and for the second payment of the sayd Subsidie, xvj d. of and for everie pound: And everie Alien Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Queenes Obeisance, in such case to pay at the first of the said paiments, vs. iiijd. of every pound ; and at the second payment, ij s. viij d. of and for every pound : And that all summes presented or chargeable by this Act, either for Goods and Debts or eyther of them, or for Lands and Tenements and other the premisses as is in this Act contayned, shall be at eyther of the sayd paiments set and taxed after the Rate and Portion according to the true meaning of this Act; (Lands and Tenements chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergie, and yearely Wages due to Servants for their yearely Service, other then the Quenes Servants taking yerely Wages of five pound or above, only excepted and foreprised): And that all Plate Coyne Jewels Goods Debts and Cattels parsonalls, being in the Rule and Custodie of anye person and persons to the use of anye Corporation Fratemitie Guilde Mysterie Brotherhood or anie Comminaltie, beeing corporate or not corporate, bee and shall be rated set and charged by reason of this Act, as the value certified by the Presenters of that Certificate of every pound in Goods and Debts as is abovesayd ; And of every pound in Lands Tenements Annuities Fees Corrodies and other yearely Profits as is abovesayd, and the summes that are before rehearsed set and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed; And the same person or persons and Bodie Corporate by Authoritie of this Act, shall be dischardged against him or them that shall or oughte to have the same at the time of the payment or deliverie thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and allwayes foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsidie, all Goods Cattells Jewels and Ornaments of Churches and Chappells, which have beene ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappells for the honour and service of Allmightie God.

And the first payment of the sayd Subsidie shall be by thauthority aforesayd, taxed assessed and rated according to this Act, in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Borough Towne and everie other Place within this Realme of England and Wales and other the Queenes Dominions, before the twelfth daye of June next comming; And the second payment of the sayde Subsidie shall be by the Authoritie aforesayde, taxed assessed and rated before the twentieth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God 1577 ; And the particular summes of everie Shire Riding Borough Towne and other Places aforesayd, with the particular Names of such as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the said Subsidie, to be taxed and set by the Commissioners to the same limitted or two of them att the leaste, w,k the particular Names of the High Collectours, and in the same fourme shall be certified unto the Queenes Exchequer before the twelfth day of July next comming : And the particular summes of everie Shire Riding Borough Towne and other Places aforesayd, with the particular Names of such as are chargeable for and to the second payment of the sayd Subsidie, to bee taxed and set by Commissioners to the same to be limited or two of them at the least, with the Names of the High Collectours, and in the same fourme shall be certified into the Queenes Exchequer before the twentieth day of October, which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God a thousand five hundred seventie and seven; And the said summes in Fourme aforesayd to be taxed to and for the first paiment of the said Subsidie, shall be paid into the Queenes Receipt of her Exchequer aforesayd,

k

A.V-1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 23

641

4

K

II

B

n

p

it

i

it

i

ik

Ik

P

ii

a

r-

i

to the use of our said Soveraigne Ladie, before the twelfth day of October next comming; And the sayd summes in manner and forme aforesayd, to be taxed for the second payment of the sayd Subsidie, shall be payd into the Receipt aforesayd, to the use aforesayd, before the xx. day of November which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord 1577. And the summes abovesayd of and for the sayd Subsidie shall be taxed set asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed and payd to the use of o' sayd Soveraigne Ladie her Heires and Successors in Forme aforesayd, as well within the Liberties Franchises Sanctuaries auncient Demeane and other whatsoever Places, exempt or not exempt, as without; Except such Shires Places and Persons as shall be foreprised in and by this present Act; Anie Graunt Charter Prescription Use or Libertie by reason of any Letters Patents, or any Privyledge Prescription Allowaunce of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrarie made graunted used or obtayned, notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parliament, That every such person, as well such as bee borne under the Queenes obeysaunce, as every other person Stranger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales or other the Queenes Dominions, which at the time of the sayd Assessings or Taxations or of cyther of them to be had or made, shall be out of this Realme and out of Wales, and have Goods Cattells Lands or Tenements Fees or Annuities or other Profits within this Realme or in Wales, shall be charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitaunts of the place where such Goods Cattells Lands Tenements or other the Premises then shall be, or in such other place where such person or his Factour Deputie or Atturney shall have his most resort unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like manner as if the sayd person were or had beene at the time of the sayde Assessing within this Realme; And that everie person abiding or dwelling within this Realme or without this Realme, shall be charged or chargeable to the same Subsidie graunted by this Act, according and after the Rate of such yearely substance or value of Lands and Tenements Goods Cattells and other the premises, as everie person so to be charged shall be set at, in the time of the sayd Assessing or Taxation upon him to bee made, and none otherwise.

And Further be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesayd, That for the sessing and ordering of the sayd Subsidie to be duely had, the Lord Chauncellour of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, the Lord Tresurer of England, the Lord Steward of the Queenes Majesties Houshold, the Lord President of the Queenes Honorable Counsel), and the Lord Privie Seale for the time being, or two of them at the least, whereof the Lord Chauncellour of England or Keeper of the Great Seale for the time beeing to be one, shall and maye name and appoynt of and for every Shire and Riding and other Places, as well within this Realme as in Wales and other the Queenes Dominions, and also of and for every Citie and Towne being a Countie of it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certaine number of persons of every of the same Shires Ridings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wight, and every other place as they shall thinke convenient, to be Commissioners of and within the same place, whereof they be Inhabitants; And also of and for the honourable Houshold of the Queenes Majestie, in what Shire or other Place the said Houshold shall happen then to be; and the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, and other with him before named, or two of them as is aforesayd, in like manner may name and appoint of every other such Borough and Towne Corporate, as well in England as in Wales, and other the Queenes Dominions, as they shall thinke requisite, sixe five foure three or two of the head Officers, and other honest Inhabitants of every of the said Cities Boroughs and Townes Corporate, according to the number and multitude of the people being in the same; The which persons if any such be thereunto named of the sayd Inhabitantf of the sayd Boroughs and Townes Corporate, not beeing Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as Commissioners with the persons named for such Shires and Ridings as the said Boroughs and Townes Corporate not being Counties in themselves, be set and have their being; Which persons so named for and of the said Boroughs and Townes Corporat, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put any part of their Commission in execution for the premisses out of the sayd Boroughs and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named only, nor to execute the sayd Commission within the Borough or Towne Corporate where they be so dwelling, butt att such dayes and times as the sayde other Commissioners for the same Shire and Riding shall thereunto limit and appoynt, within the same Borough or Towne Corporate not beeing Countie Corporate whereof they be so named, and not out of suche Borough or Towne ; And in that manner to be ayding and assisting with the other said Commissioners in and for the good executing of the effect of the said Commission, upon paine of every of the said Commissioners, so named for every such City Borough and Towne Corporate not being a Countie, to make such Fine as the said other Commissioners in the Commission of and for the same Shire or Riding so named, or Three of them at the least, shall by their discretions set and certifie into the Queenes Exchequer, there to be levyed to the use of the Queenes Majesty, in like manner as if such or like summes had beene set and rated upon every such person for the said Subsidie; The which Commissioners so named of and for the said Cities Boroughs and Townes not being Counties, and onely put in the said Commission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any part of the portion of the Fees and Rewards of the Commissioners and their Clarkes in this Act afterwards specified and allowed. And the Lord Chauncellour of England or the Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being, shall make and direct out of the Court of the Chancerie under the Great Seale, several! Commissions, that is to say, For every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and Houshold, unto such person and persons as by his discretion and any of the other with him before named and appoynted, as is before rehearsed, shall be thought sufficient, for the sessing and levying of the said Subsidie in all Shires and Places according to the true meaning of this Act; Which Commission for the first paiment of the said Subsidie, shalbe directed and delivered to the said Commissioners or to one of them before the last day of April I next comming;

to be paid a* well within Liberties u without:

[s« § xxx.]

VII.

Rating of Abaenteei and others, according to Aueiimenta, See.

VIII. Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, Ire.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations t

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

8 A

e>42

18° Eliz. c.23

A.D. 1575-6.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, &c.;

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, See. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged tc inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to such Subsidies; on Penalty of

And the Commission for the second payment of the said Subsidie, shall be directed and delivered to the said Commissioners or to one of them before the xxvj day of July, which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God 1577; And to every of the sayd Commissions, Ten Scedules contayning in them the tenor of this Acte shall be affiled ; By the which Commission the Commissioners in every such Commission named according to this Act, and as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the said Commission, shall have full power and authority to put the effect of the same Commission in execution: And that by authority of this Act, after such Commissions to them directed, they may by their assents and agreements sever themselves for the execution of their Commission, in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the Limits of their said Commission, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and between them to be communed and agreed, according to the tenor and effect of the Commission to them therein directed, upon which severance every person of this present Parliament that shall be Commissioner shall be assigned into the Hundred where he dwelleth : Provided alwayes, that no person be or shalbe compelled to be any Commissioner to and for the execution of this present Act, but only in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that any person being assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in execution the effect of this Act or any part thereof.

And it is allso enacted by the authoride of this present Parliament, That the Commissioners and every of them which shall be named limitted and appoynted according to this Act to be Commissioners, in every such Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and the said Houshold or any other place, and none other, shall truely effectually and diligently for their part execute the Effect of this present Act_ according to the Tenour thereof in everie behalfe, and none otherwise by any other meanes, without omission favour dread malice or anie other thing to be attempted and done by them or anie of them to the contrarie thereof: And the sayd Commissioners or as manie of them as shall be appoynted by the sayd Commission, and none other, for the Execution of the sayde Commission and Act, shall for the taxation of the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsidie, before the sixteenth day of May next comming, and for the taxation of the sayd second payment of the sayd Subsidie, shall before the six and twentieth day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God a thousand five hundred seventie and seven, by vertue of the Commission delivered unto them in fourme aforesayd, direct their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts unto eight seven sixe five foure three or two, as for the number of the Inhabitants shall be requisite,

of the most substantiall discreet and honest persons Inhabitants, to be named by the said Commissioners or by as

many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards

Parishes Townes and other Places, aswell within Liberties Franchises Ancient Demesnes Places exempted and

Sanctuaries as withoute, within the limits of the Shires Rydings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughs or Isle aforesayd, and other Places within the Limits of their Commission, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailifes and other like Officers or Ministers of every of the said Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other Places before said, as to the said Commissioners and every number of them or unto three or two of them by their discretions in division shall seeme expedient, as by the manner and use of those parties shalbe requisite; Straitely by the same precept charging and commaundinge the same Inhabitants Constables and other Officers aforesayd, to whom such Precept shall be so directed, to appeare in their proper persons before the said Commissioners or such number of them as they shall divide themselves, according to the tenour of the sayd Commission, at certayne dayes and places by the sayd Commissioners or anie number of them as is aforesayd, within Cities Boroughs or Townes Corporate as without in any other Places as is aforesaid, by their discretion shall be limitted thereunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the partie of the Queenes Majestie shall be enjoyned touching this Act; Commanding further by the same Precept, that he to whose Hands such Precepts shall come, shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitaunts or Officers named in the same Precept; And that none of them fayle to accomplish the same, upon payne of forty shillings to be forfeyted to the Queenes Majestie.

And it is further ordayned by the authoride of this present Parliament, That at the sayd day and place prefixed and limitted in the sayd Precept, everie of the Commissioners then beeing in the Shire, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the day and place prefixed for that part whereunto he was limitted, shall appeare in his proper person and there the same Commissioners beeing present, or as manie of them as shall be appoynted by the Queenes Majesdes Commission, shall call or cause to be called before them the sayd Inhabitaunts and Officers to whom they have directed their sayde Precepts, and which had in commaundement there to appeare by vertue of the sayd Precept; And if any person so warned make default, unlesse he then be letted by sickenesse or lawfull excuse, and that let then bee witnessed by Oathes of two credible persons. Or if any appearing refuse to serve in Forme followinge, then everie such person so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeyt to the Queenes Majesde sortie shillings; and so at every time appoynted by the sayde Commissioners for the same Taxation, unto such time the number of every such persons have appeared and certified in forme under written, everie of them so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeyt to the Queenes Majestie sortie shillings: And upon the same Appearance had, they shall be charged before the Commissioners by all convenient wayes and meanes, other then by Corporall Oath, to enquire of the best and most value of the Substaunce of everie person dwelling and abiding within the Limits of the Places that they shalbe charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resort unto anie of the said Places, and chargeable with any summe of Money by this Act of this sayd Subsidie, and of all other Things requisite touching the said Act, and according to the intent of the same; and thereupon as neere as it may be, or shall come to their knowledge, without respect of any former Taxation heretofore had, truely to present and certifie before the sayd Commissioners the names and surnames and the best and uttermost substaunce and values of everie of them, as

Digged

18° Eliz. c. 23

643

A.D. 1575-6.

well of Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments Possessions and Profits as of Goods Cattells Debts and other things chargeable by the same Act, without any Concealement Love Favour Affection Dread or Malice, upon payne of forfeyture of Five pounds or more, to be taxed extracted and levyed in fourme as hereafter in this present Act shall be limitted or appoynted: And thereupon the sayd Commissioners shall openly there read or cause to be read unto them, the sayd Rates in this Act mentioned, and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them, in what manner and fourme they ought and should make their Certificate, according to the Rates and Summes thereof abovesayd, and of all manner of persons, aswell of Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiting within this Realme, as of suche persons as be borne under the Queenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Act ; And of the Possessions Goods and Cattells of Fraternities Guildes Corporations Brotherhoods Mysteries and Comminalties and other as is abovesayde, and of persons beeing in the partes of beyond • the Seas, having Goods and Cattells Lands or Tenements within this Realme as is aforesayd, and of all Goods being in the Custodie of anie person or persons, to the use of any other as is abovesayd ; by the which Information and shewing, the said persons should have such playne knowledge of the true intent of this present Act, and of the manner of their Certificate, that the same persons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after such Charge, and the Statute of the sayd Subsidie, and the manner of the sayd Certificate to be made in Writing, contayning the Names and Surnames of everie person, and whether he be borne without the Queenes Obeysaunce or within, and the best value of everie person in every Degree, aswell of the yearely value of Lands and Tenements and of such like Possessions and Profits, as the value of Goods and Cattells Debts, and everie thing to their Certificate requisit and necessarie to them declared, the sayd Commissioners there being shall by their discrestions appoynt and limit unto the sayd persons another day and place to appeare before the sayde Commissioners, and charging the sayd persons that they in the meane time shall make diligent Inquirie by all wayes and meanes of the premisses; and t then and there everie of them, upon payne of forfeiture of Fourtie Shillings to the Queenes Majestie, to appeare at the

sayd new prefixed day and place, there to certifie unto the sayd Commissioners in Writing according to their said i Charge, and according to the true intent of the sayde Graunt of Subsidie, and as to them in manner aforesayd

I hath beene declared and shewed by the Commissioners: At which day and place so to them prefixed, if any of the

f sayd persons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the sayd Certificate, that then every of them so offending,

t to forfeite to the Queenes Majestie Fourtie Shillings; Except there be a reasonable excuse of his default, by reason of

i sicknesse or otherwise, by the Oathes of two credible persons there witnessed : And of such as appeare redy to make

■ Certificate as is aforesaid, the sayd Commissioners there being shall take and receive the same Certificate and

■ every parte therof, and the names values and substance of every person so certified; and if the same Commissioners

c see cause reasonable, they shall examine the sayde Presenters thereof, and thereupon the sayd Commissioners at the sayde

i daies and place, by their Agreement amongst themselves, shall from time to time there openly prefixe a day at

■ a certaine place or places within the Limites of their Commission by their discretion, for their further proceeding

to the sayde assessing of the same Subsidie: And therupon at the said day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid

■ taken, the same Commissioners shall make their Precept or Precepts to the Constables Subconstables Bayliffes or

ii other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforesaid, as the same Commissioners shalbe of, comprising and containing in the same Precept the Names and Surnames of all persons presented before rhem in

■ the sayd Certificate, of whom if the sayd Commissioners, or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the

■ Queenes Commission, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods

i Cartels or Summes of Money owing to them, or other substance beforesayd, then upon such person or persons shall be

■ certified, the same Commissioners shall make their Precept or Precepts, directed to the Constable Bayliffes or other

B Officers, commanding the same Constable Bayliffes or other Officers to whom such Preceptes shall be directed, to

,< warne such persons whose names shall be comprised in the sayd Precepts, at their Mansions or to their persons, that

the same persons named in suche Precepts and every of them, shall personally appeare before the sayd Commissioners att the same new prefixed day and place, there to be examined by all wayes and meanes, (other then by corporall Othe,) by the said Commissioners, of their greatest substance and best value, and of all and every summes of Money

owing to them, and other whatsoever matter concerning the premisses or any of them according to this Acte:

At which day and place so prefixed, the said Commissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shall be

thereunto appointed by the Queenes Commission, shall cause to be called the sayd persons whose names shall be comprised in the sayd precept as is aforesaid, for their examination; And if any of those persons which shall be warned as is aforesayd to be examined, which at any tyme after the warning and before the prefixed day, shall be within suche place where he may have knowledge of his sayd apparance to be made, make default and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable cause or els a reasonable excuse by the Othes of two credible persons before the sayd Commissioners be truely allc-’"'"J. for his discharge, that then every of them so making default, to be taxed and charged to the Queenes Majestie with and at the double summes of the Rate that he should or ought to have ben set at, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substance upon him certified if he had appeared, by the discretion of the Commissioners there being; Which Commissioners shall travaile with every of the other persons so then and rhere appearing, whose names shall be expressed in the said Precept or Precepts, and in whom any vehement suspecte was or shall be had in forme abovesaid, by all such waies and meanes they can, (other then by corporall Othe,) for the better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditaments or Possessions, either els in Goods or Debts. And that every Spirituall person at either of the sayd Taxations of the said Subsidie, shall be rated and set according to the Rate abovesaid, of and for every pounde that the same Spirituall person or any other to his use hath by Discent Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Taile Terme of life Terme of yeeres by Execucbn by Warde or by Copie of Court Roll, in any Mannours Lands Tenements Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Annuities or

Charge of the Conuniuionera to such Inquirer!;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificate!, by tuch Inquirer!;

Penalty of 40a. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Aiietsmenti;

Summoning Parties under-rated;

to be examined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double t

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

644

18° Eliz. c. 23.

A.D. 1575-6.

XI.

Commissioners may-fine Assessors for Neglect, ire. not exceeding j£io.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,See. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XII.

Parties shall berated where dwelling, ice.

Commissioners, within Shires j Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, &c.

Relief against Double Charges.

XIII.

Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, 4c.

Heredytaments, after the true juste and yeerely value therof, and according as other the Quenes Majesties Subjectes borne within this Realme be charged in forme above remembred, so that it extend to the yeerely value of Twenty Shillings or above.

And it is further enacted, That yf the sayd Taxours or Assessours shall not dulye behave themselves in their Inquirie Taxation Assessement or Certificate, but shall affectionately corruptly or partially demeane themselves in that behalfe, in such wise that the Commissioners shall by their Consideration deeme them Offenders worthy of punishment for not dooing their Dueties therein, That then foure or more of the Commissioners in that Countie for this Subsidie, shall have power and authoritie by their discretions, either to charge the sayde Assessours upon theire corporall Othes for the better service aforesayd in that behalfe, or els by their discretions to taxe and set upon every of the sayd Assessours for their Misdemeanours in that behalf, such a Fine or Paine as they shall thinke good, so that it exceede not the summe of Tenne poundes ; And the same Fine or Paine at their discretions to estreate into the Courte of Exchequer ; every which Fine so taxed and set by foure of the sayd Commissioners or more and being estreated, with the Scedule and Bookes of that Limite, shall be levied and answered to the Queenes use, in like manner and forme to all internes and purposes as any other summes that shall be taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Acte of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or maner: And if any person certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be Commissioner or other, to any maner of value, doeth finde himselfe grieved with the same presentment sessing or taxing, and thereupon complaine to the Commissioners before whom he shall be called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxation be certified into the Court of Exchequer, That then the sayd Commissioners, or two of them, shall by all waies and meanes, examine particulerly and distinctly the person so complayning, upon his Othe, and other his neighbours by their discretions, of every his lands and Tenements above specified, and of every his Goods Cattelles and Debtes above mentioned; And after due examination and perfect knowledge thereof had and perceived by the sayde Commissioners, or two of them, which shal have power by Authoritie aforesaid, the sayd Commissioners or two of them to whom any such Complaint shall be made, by their discretion, upon the Othe of the said person so complayning, may abate defaulke encrease or enlarge the same Assessements according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same Examination; And the same summe so abated defaulked encreased or enlarged, shall be by them estreated in forme as hereafter ensueth: And if it be prooved by witnesses or by the parties owne Confession or other lawfull waies or meanes, within a yeere after any such Othe made, that the same person so taxed and swome was of any better or greater value in Landes Goodes or other Things above specified at the time of his said Othe, that then every such person so offending shall loose and forfeit to the Queenes Majestie so much in lawfull Money of England as he the same person so sworne was set at or taxed.

And also it is enacted by the same Authoritie, That every person to be rated at the said Taxation as aforesaid, shall be rated taxed and set, and the summe on him set to be levied, at such Place where he and his Familie at the time of the same presentment to be made, shall keepe his House or Dwelling, or where he then shall be most conversant abyding or resyant or shall have his most resorte at the time of the said Certificate to be made, and no where els; And that no Commissioner for this Subsidie shall be rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shall be Commissioner; And that if any pson chargeable to this Acte at the time of the same Assessing happen to be out of this Realme or out of Wales or farre from the Place where he shall be knowen, then he to be set where he was last abyding in this Realme or within Wales, and after the substance value and other profites of every person, to be knowen by the Examination Certificate or other maner of wise as is aforesaid: And that the sayd Commissioners, or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Queenes Majesties Commission or Commissions, shall after the Rate and Rates aforesaid, cause every person so to be set rated and taxed according to the Rate of the substance and value of his Lands Goods Cattels and other profites chargeable by this Acte, whereby the greatest and most best summe or summes according to his most substance by reason of this Acte might or may be set or taxed: And that every person taxed in any County or Place other then where he is most resiant or hathe his Familie, or in any Countie or Place other then where he is a Commissioner for this Subsidie yf he be a Commissioner, upon Certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer, under the Hands and Seales of two Commissioners for this Subsidie in the same Countie or Place where such person is most resiant or hath his Familie, or where he is a Commissioner for the Taxation and Paiment of this Subsidie, testifying such his moste Resiauncie having of Familie or being a Commissioner, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Taxation of that person in all other Places, and of and for all other Summes of Money upon such person so set and taxed, save only the Taxation made in that Countie or Place from which such Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaid and for the summe of Money upon suche person there assessed or taxed; And that such Certificate without any Plea or other Circumstance shall be a sufficient Warrant, aswell to the Barons and Auditor and Auditors of the said Court of Exchequer as to all and every other Officers to whom the Allowance thereof shall appertaine; paying for such Discharge and Allowance, only six pence and no more.

Provided alwaies, That every such person which shall be rated or taxed according to the intent and true meaning of this Acte, for payment of and to this Subsidie, for and after the yeerely value of his Landes Tenementes and other Reall Possessions or Profites at any of the sayde taxations, shall not after be set and taxed for his Goodes and Cattelles or other mooveable Substaunce at the same taxation; And that he that shall be set charged or taxed for the same Subsidie for his Goodes Cattelles and other Mooveables at any of the sayde Taxations, according to the true meaning of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Landes or other Reall

A.D. 1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 23.

645

Possessions and Profites abovesayde at the same Taxations or any of them; Or that any person by any Taxation be double charged for the sayde Subsidie, nor set or taxed at severall Places by reason of this Acte; But if any person happen to be double set taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one taxation and charged with the other, according to the meaning and intent of this Acte; Any thing contained in this present Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

None shall be doubly charged.

And that it be ordeyned and enacted by the said Authoritie of this present Parliament, That no person having Qn Complaint of two Mansions or two Places to resorte unto, or calling himselfe housholde Servant or waiting Servant to the Charge,

Queenes Majestie or other Lorde or Lady Master or Mistres, be excused upon his saying from the taxes of the Rate shall be

said Subsidie in neither of the Places where he may be set or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in writing Produ«1»

from the Commissioners where that he is so set or taxed indeed at one place; And if any person that ought to be Pnten

set and taxed to this present Subsidie, by reason of his remooving or resorting to two Places, or by reason of his kc. Double Rate. ’

saying that he els where was taxed, or by reason of any privilege by his dwelling or abyding in any Place not being foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his covine or crafte, or by anye words or sayings, Or yf any that is a

Commissioner or Assessour of others, happen to escape from the sayd Taxations of this Subsidie or any of them, and be not set and taxed according to the true intent of this Acte, and that prooved by Presentment Examination Information or otherwise before the said Commissioners, or two of them, or before the Barons of the Queenes Majesties Exchequer, or two Justices of the Peace of the Countie where suche person dwelleth, Then every such person that by such meanes or otherwise willingly by covine or without just cause, shall happen to escape from the said Taxations or Payments aforesayd, or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and set, shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe

thereof, with and at the double value of so muche as he should might or ought to have ben set and taxed at by

vertue of this Acte, And the same double value to be levied gathered and payde of his Goods and Cattels Landes and Tenements towards the sayd Subsidie ; and further to be punished according to the discretions of the Barons Justices and Commissioners before whom he shall be convicted for his Offence and Deceit in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That the said Commissioners in every Commission, shall Commiaioncri according to their Divisions, and after they be divided, have full Power and Authoritie by this Acte, to set taxe shall as«csj and sesse every other Commissioner joyned with them in every such Commission and Division, and shall also assesse Ih^AMeilori? everye Assessour within their Division for his or their Goods Lands and other the Premisses as is abovesaid;

By the whiche sayd Commission the said Commissioners shall indifferently set taxe and assesse themselves and the said Assessours; And that aswell the summes upon every the said Commissioners and Assessours so sessed rated and taxed, as the summes made and presented by the Presenters as is abovesaid, shall be written certified set and estreated, and the Estreates thereof to bee made with other the Inhabitants of those partes within the limites of the same Commission and Division so to be geathered and levied, in like maner as it ought or should have ben if the said Commissioners had not ben in the said Commission.

And that all persons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and every Estate above, shall bee charged with Peert their free holde and value as is above said, by the Chauncelour or Lorde Keeper of the Great Seale of England «e«ted by the for the tyme beinge, or one of them, together with other such persons as by the Queenes Majesties authoritie Xrwurcr"&c°r’ or comandement shall be named and appointed; and they to bee charged for the said severall payments of the said Subsidie after the forme of the said Graunt, according to the Taxation aforesaid; and the summes of and upon them to be set and taxed with the names of the Collectours appointed for the geathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delivered and certified, at dayes and places abovesaid specified, by the Lorde Chauncelour or Keeper of the Great Scale and Lord Treasurer, or one of them, together with other such persons as thereunto shall be named as is aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That after the Taxes and Assesses of the sayd summes, After A«Mment upon and by the said Assessing and Certificate as is aforesayd made by the said Commissioners, or as many of them Eitmti shall be as shall be thereunto appointed and have authoritie by the Quenes Majestie Commission, shall with all speede and without olmn^Mioners w delay by the writing estreated of the saide Taxe thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Commissioners, Officer*, who shall or as many of them as shall be appointed at the least, shall be delivered unto sufficient and substantiall Inhabitantes byDUtm*

Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other Officers joyntly of Hundredes Townes Parishes and other Places aforesaide *c'e*nd|1)pa5r ,hc j within their limittes, and to other sufficient persons Inhabitantes of the same onely, by the discretion of the sayde DUtricu to the Commissioners, and as the place and parties shall require, aswell the particuler Names & Surnames, as the remembrance Hl*-rh Collector*, of all the summes of Money taxed and set of and upon every person aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte,

Housholders and all other Inhabitantes and Dwellers within the sayde Parishes Townes and other Places contributorie to this Acte of Subsidie; By authoritie of which writing and estreate so delivered, the saide Officers, and other persons so named and deputed severally, shall have full power and authoritie by vertue of this Acte, immediatly after the deliverie of the said writing or estreate, to demaunde levie and gather of every person therein specified, the summe and summes in the same writing or estreate comprised; And for none payment thereof to distraine the same person or persones so beeinge behinde by their Goodes and Cattelles, and the Distresse so taken, to keepe by the space of eight dales at the Costes and Charges of the Owner therof; And if the said Owner doe not pay such summe of money as shal be taxed by authoritie of this Acte, within the same eight daies, then the same Distresse to be appraised by foure three or two of the Inhabitants where suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be solde by the Constable or other Collectours for the payment of the said money, And the Overplus comming of the sale and keeping therof (if any be) to be immediatly restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; Which said Officers and other

8 B

Gck »sle

646

A.D. 1575-6.

xvm.

Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for rewiring the Sums so levied.

XIX.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received Dy them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners j Penalty jCio.

High Collectors shaS call on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound

On Failure, Constables, See. may be distrained.

18° Eliz. c. 23.

persons so deputed to aske take geather and levie the saide summes, shall answere and be charged for the portion onely to them assigned and limited, to be geathered levied and comprised in the saide writinge or estreate so to them as is aforesaid delivered, to the use of our Soveraigne Ladie the Queenes Majestie and her Heires and Successours; And the said summe in that writinge or estreate comprised, to pay unto the High Collectour or Collectours of that place for the Collection of the same, in maner and forme under written thereunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitantes and Officers so gathering the same particuler summes, for their Collection thereof, shall retaine for every xx s. so by them received and payde, ij d. and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to be made to the High Collectour or Collectours.

And further be it enacted by the said authoritie, That the said Commissioners, or the more part of them as shall take upon them the execution and businesse of the sayd Commission, shall for every of the said payments of the said Subsidie, name suche sufficient and able persons which then shall have and possesse Landes and other Hereditaments in their owne Right, of the yeerely value of fourde poundes, or Goods to the value of sour hundred poundes at the least, as he shall be taxed in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said limites; and for want of such so assessed, then those to be appointed Collectours that then shall be rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Landes or Goods nearest to the values aforesaid, as by their discretions shall be thought good, in Shires Ridings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, as well within places priviledged as without, not being foreprised within this Acte, to be high Collectours and to have the Collection and Receipt of the saide summes set and leviable within the precinct limites and boundes where they shall be so limited and appointed to be High Collectours; And to every of the said Collectours so severally named, the said Commissioners or two of them at the least, with all speede and without delay, after the saide whole summe of any payment of the said Subsidie be set, by all the limites of the same their Commission, or in such limits as the high Collectours shall bee so severally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe Manuell, deliver one Estreate indented in parchment, comprysinge in it the names of all such persons as were assigned to levie the said particuler summes, and the summes of every Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaid, with the Names and Surnames of the persons so chargeable, according to the Estreate so first thereof made and delivered as is aforesaid : And the Collectours so to be assigned, shall be charged to answere the whole summe comprised in the said Estreate limited to his collection as is aforesaide.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the said Commissioners having authoritie by this Acte to name and nominate the said High Collectours of the said Subsidie, shall immediatly upon the nomination and Election, take by authoritie of this present Parlament sufficient Recognisaunces or Obligations, without any Fee or Reward to be payde therefore, of every person so by them to be named to be High Collectour, to be bounden to the Quenes Majestie in the double summe of the summe of his Collection, and to be indorsed and made upon such Condition, that is to say ; For the collection of the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsidie, That if the saide Collectour his Heires or Executours doe truely content and pay to the use of the Queenes Majestie her Heires or Successours in the Receipt of the sayd Exchequer, at or before the saide twelfth day of October next ensuing, so much of the saide summe allotted and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one Moneth nexte after such time as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognysances or Obligations to be voyde, or else to stande in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the second payment of the said Subsidie, upon condition that if the said Collectour his Heires or Executours doe truely contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Majestie her Heires or Successours, in her Receipte of the Exchequer at or before the twentieth day of November which shall be in the yeere of our Lorde God One thousand five hundred seventie and seven, so muche of the sayde summe of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge, within one Moneth next after such time as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognisance or Obligation to be voide, or els to stand in full strength and vertue; Which saide severall Recognisaunces or Obligations so taken, the saide Commissioners shall severally certifie and deliver into the Queenes Majesties Exchequer with the severall Certificates of the said Taxations and Rates of the payments of the said Subsidy, at and by the time to them prescribed and appointed by this Act for the Certificate of the said severall Taxations of the said Subsidy, upon paine of forfeiture of Ten pound to the Queenes Majestie for every Recognisance or Obligation not certified: And that every such Collectour so elected named and chosen, upon Request to him made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognisance or Obligation upon like paine and forfeiture of tenne pound to the Queenes Majestie for the refusall thereof; And every Collectour so deputed having the said Estreate in Parchment as is aforesaid, shall have authority by this Act to appoint dayes and places within the Circuite of his Collection for the payment of the said Subsidy to him to be made, and thereof to give warning by Proclamation or otherwise to all the Constables or other persons or Inhabitants having the Charge of the particuler Collection within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by him or them limited, to make payment for the said particuler Collection of every summe as to them shall appertaine; And if at the same Day and Place so limited and prefixed by the said High Collectour, the said Constable Officers and other persons or Inhabitants as is aforesaid for the said particuler Collection assigned and appointed within such Hundrede Citie Towne or other Place, doe not pay unto the said High Collectours the summe within their severall Hundredes Townes Parishes and other Places due and comprised in the said Estreate thereof to them delivered by the said Commissioners or some of them as is aforesaid, or so much thereof as they have by any meane received, (two pence of every pound for the said particuler Collection as is aforesaid alwayes thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then it shalbe lawfull to the said High Collectours and every of them and to their Assignes, to distraine every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitants for their said severall and particuler Collection of the said summes comprised in the said Estreate and Writing thereof

A.D. 15?5-6.

18° Eliz. c. 23.

647

»jj to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered, or for so much of the same summe as so then shall

happen to be gathered and levied and behind and unpayd, by the Goods and Cattels of every of them so being

behind; And the Distresse so taken to bee kept appraised and sold as is aforesaid, and thereof to take and levie the ^ summes so then being behind and unpayd; And the overplus comming of the sale of the said Distresse (if any be)

, to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in fourme above remembred.

I

i

1

l

i

i

B

1

I

n

as

ik

M

k

fe

if

fi

f*

k

U

It

it

is

li

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shalbe nominated or appointed to be a High Collectour or Collectours for the second payment of any Fifteene Tenth or Subsidy granted by this Act, which before that time hath bene a Collectour or Collectours for the first payment of any part of the same Fifteene Tenth or Subsidy, unlesse such person or persons so to be nominated and appointed High Collectour or Collectours for the said second payment, doe first shew foorth before him or them by whom hee shalbe so nominated and appointed, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Collection before appointed to his charge, upon paine of Fourde Pounds to be payd and forfeited by him or them that so shal nominate and appoint any such Collectour contrary to this present Act.

Provided alwaies, That no person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to bee any Assessour or Collectour of or for any part of the said Subsidy in any Place or Places out of the said City Borough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And it is also by the said Authority enacted, That if any Inhabitants or Officer or whatsoever person and

persons charged to and for the Collection and Receit [ if' ] any parte or portion of the said Subsidy by any

maner of Meanes, according to this Act, or any person or persons for themselves, or as Keeper Gardian Deputy Factour or Attumey of or for any other person or persons, of any Goods and Cattells of the Owner thereof at the time of the said Assessing to be payd, being out of this Realme, or in any other partes not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattells of any other person or persons of any Corporation Fraternitie Mystery or other whatsoever Comminalty, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all persons having in their Rule Governance and Custody any Goods or Cattelles at the time of the said Assessing or any of them to be made, Or which for

any Cause for and by Collection, or for himselfe, or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule

Governance or Custody of any Goods or Cattels of any other person or persons, Corporation Comminalty Fraternitie Guild or Mysterie, or any such other like, or as Factour Deputy or Atturney of or for any person, shalbe taxed

rated valued & set to any sume or sums by reason of this Act, and after the taxation or assessing upon any

such person or persons as shalbe charged with the Receit of the same, happen to die or depart from the place where he was so taxed and set, or his Goods or Cattels be so eloyned, or in such privie and covert maner kept as the said person or persons charged with the same, by Estreates or other Writings from the said Commissioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Commission as aforesaid, can nor may levie the same sume or summes comprised within the same Estreate, by Distresse within the Limits of their collection as is aforesaid, or can not sell such Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the said payments, before the time limited to the High Collectour for his payment to be made in the Queenes Majesties Receit, then upon relation thereof with due examynation by the othe or examynation of such person or persons as shalbe charged with and for the Receit and Collection of the same sume before the said Commissioners, or as many of them as by the said Commission shalbe thereunto appointed> where such person or persons or other as is aforesaid their Goods and Cattels were set and taxed, and upon plaine Certificate thereof made in the Queenes Majesties Exchequer by the same Commissioners, aswell of the dwelling place names and summes of the said persons of whom the said summes can not be levied and had as is aforesaid, then aswel the Constables and other Inhabitants appointed for the said particuler Collection against the High Collectours, as the

High Collectour upon his Accompt and Oath in the said Exchequer, to be discharged thereof; & processe to be

made for the Queenes Majestie out of the said Exchequer, by the discretion of the Barons of the said Exchequer, against such person, his Heires or Executours so being behind with his payment: And over that, the same Commissioners to whom any such Declaration of the premisses shalbe made in forme aforesaid, from time to time shall have full power and authority to direct their Precept or Precepts unto the said person or persons charged with any sume of for and upon any such person and persons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Sheriffe Steward Baylife or other whatsoever Officer Minister person or persons of such place or places where any such person or persons so owing such summe or summes, shall have Lands and Tenements or other Hereditaments or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattels, whereby any such person or persons so indebted, his Heires Executors or Assignes, or other having the Custody Governance or Disposition of any Goods Cattels Lands or Tenements or other Hereditaments which oughte or may by this Act lawfully be distrayned or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Cattels Lands Tenements or other Possessions whereof such sume or sums which by any person or persons may or ought to be levied, be it within the limits of such Commission where such person or persons was or were taxed, or without, in any place within this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories; By which Precept aswell such person or persons shalbe charged to levie such Money, as the Officers of the Place or Places where such Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Authority to distraine every such person indebted charged or chargeable by this Act, or his Executours or Adminstratours of his Goods and Cattels, his Gardians Factours Deputies Leasses Farmours and Assignes, and all other persons by whose Hands or out of whose Lands any such persons should have Fee Rent Anuity or other Profit, or which at the time of the said assessing, shall have Goods or Cattels or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing

* erroneously for • of’.

XX. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

XXI. Assessors and

Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XXII.

In case of Death,&c. of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves and others, and sufficient Distress not furthcoming, HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, See. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, tec.

648

18° Eliz. c. 23.

A.D. 1575-6.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners,

such sume; And the Distresses so taken, cause to be kept appraised and sold in like maner and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the said Subsidy, and being sufficient to distraine within the Limits of the Collectours Inhabitants or other Officers charged with or for the same sums so upon them to be taxed; And if any such Distresse for none payment happen to be taken out of the LinT; of the said persons charged and assigned to levie the same, the persons so charged for the levie of any such sums by Distresse, shall perceive and take of the same Distresse for the Labour of every person going for the execution thereof, for every Mile that any such person so laboureth for the same, Two pence; And every Farmour Tenant Gardian Factour or other whatsoever person, being distrained or otherwise charged for payment of any such summe or summes, or any other summe by reason of this Act, shalbe of such summe or summes of him or them so levied and taken discharged and acquited at his next Day of payment of the same, or at the delivery of such Goods and Cattells as hee that is so distrained had in his Custody or Governance, against him or them that shalbe so taxed and set; Any Grant or Writing Obligatory or other whatsoever Matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding : And if any such person that should bee so distrayned, have no Lands or Tenements sufficient, whereby hee or his

Tenaunts and Farmours may be distrained, or have aliened eloyned or hydde his Goods and Cattells whereby he

should or might be distrained, in such maner that such Goods and Cattels shall not be knowen or found, so that the summe of or by him to bee payd in the said fourme, shall nor can be conveniently levied. Then upon relation thereof to the Commissioners or to as many of them as by the said Commission shalbe thereunto appointed, where such person or persons was taxed and set, by the Othes of him or them that shalbe charged with the levie and payment of that summe or summes, the same Commissioners shall make a Precept in such maner as is aforesaid for to attache take and arrest the Body of such person or persons that ought to pay the said summes and by this Act shalbe charged with and for the said summe and summes; And them so taken safely to keepe in prison wihtin the Shire or other Place where any such person or persons shalbe taken and attached, there to remaine without Bayle or Maineprise untill he hath payd the same summe or summes that such person for himselfe or for any other by this Act shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged withall, and allso for the Fees of every such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such Precept, Twenty pence: And that every Officer unto whom such Precept shalbe directed, do his true diligence and execute the same upon every person so being indebted, upon paine to forfeite to the Queenes Majestie for every default in that behalfe. Twenty Shillings ; And that no Keeper of the Gayle, from his Gayle suffer any such person to goe at large [bee1] letting to Bayle, or otherwise to depart out of his Prison before he have payd his said Debt, and the said xxd. for the said Arrest, upon paine to forfeit to the Queenes Majestie Fortie Shillings, and the

same Gayler to pay to the Queenes Majestie the double value, aswell of the Rate which the said person so

imprisoned was taxed at, as of the said xx d. for the Fees: And like Processe and Remedy in like Fourme shalbe graunted by the said Commissioners or as many of them as by the saide Commission shalbe thereunto appoynted, at like Information of every person or persons being charged with any summe of Money for any other person or persons by reason of the said Subsidie, and not thereof payd, but wilfully withdrawen, nor the same leviable within the limits where such persons were thereunto taxed : And if the summe or summes being behind unpaid by any person or persons as is aforesaid, be levied and gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the same Commissioners, or if in default or for lacke of Payment thereof, the person or persons so owing the said summe or summes of money, by processe of the same Commissioners to be made as is aforesaid be committed to Prison in forme abovesaid, that then the said Commissioners which shall award such Processe, shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequer of that shall be done in the Premisses in the Tearme next following after such summe or summes of Money so being behind, shall be levied and gathered or such person or persons for none payment of the same committed to Prison: And if it happen any of the said Collectours to be assigned, or any Maiors Sheriffes Stewards Constables the Headborow Bursholder Bayliffe or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or persons, to disobey the said Commissioners or any of them, in the reasonable request to them made by the said Commissioners for executing the said Commission, Or if any of the Officers or other persons doe refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe by reason of any Precept to him or them to bee directed, or any reasonable Commaundement Instance or Request touching the Premisses, or other Default in any Appearance or Collection to make, or if any person, being suspect or not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examined according to the tenour of this Act before the said Commissioners, or as many of them as shall be thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same Commissioners upon warning to him made, or else make Resistance or Rescous upon any Distresse upon him to bee taken for any parcell of the said Subsidie, or commit any misbehaviour in any manner of wise contrary to this Act, or commit any willfull omission or other whatsoever wilfull not doing or misdoing, contrary to the Tenor of this Act or Grant; the same Commissioners & every number of them above remembred, or two of them at the least, upon probable knowledge of any such misdemeanors had by Information or Examination, shall and may set upon every such Offendor for every such Offence in name of a Fine, by the same Offendor to be forfeited, forty shillings or under, by the dyscretion of the same Commissioners; And further, the same Commissioners, and every number of them or two of them at the least, shall have authoritie by this present Act to punish every such Offendour by Imprisonment, there to remaine and to be delivered by their discretion as shall seeme to them convenient; the said Fines, if any such bee, to be certified by the said Commissioners that so assessed the same into the Queenes Majesties said Exchequer, there to be levied and paide by the Collectours of those partes for the said Subsidy returned into the said Exchequer, to bee therwith charged with the payment of the said Subsidy, in such maner as if the said Fines had beene set and taxed upon the said Offendours for the said Subsidy.

1 erroneously for ‘by’.

A.D. 1575-6.

18‘Ei.jz. c. 23.

649

»:

I

t

P

fc

u

ft

f*

tts

it

ii

And it is also enacted by the said Authority of this present Parliament, That every of the said High Collectoure which shall accompt for any part of the said Subsidy in the said Exchequer, upon their several Accompts to be yeelden, shalbe allowed at every of the said Payments of the said Subsidy for every poundc lymited to his Collection, whereof any such Collectour shalbe charged and yeeld Accompt, sixe pence, as parcell of their Charge; that is to say, Of every pound thereof for such person as then have had the particular Collection of the Townes and other places as is aforesaid specified in his Collection, two pence; and other two pence of every pounde thereof, every of the said Cheiff Collectours or their Accomptants, to reteine to their owne use for their labour and charge in and about the premisses; and two pence of every pound residue, to bee delivered allowed and payd by the said Collectour so being thereof allowed, to such of the Commissioners as shall take upon them the businesse and labour for and about the premisses; that is to say, every Collectour to pay that Commissioner or Commissioners which had the ordering of the writings of and for the said Subsidy, where the said Collectour or Collectours had their Collection, for the expences of the said Commissioners so taking upon them the said busynesse, and labour of their Clarkes writing the said Precepts and Extractes of the said Collections; the same last two pence of every pound to be divided amongst the said Commissioners, having regard to their labour and businesse taken by them and their said Clarkes in and about the premisses ; for which part so to the said Commissioners attaining, the said Commissioners sixe five foure three or two, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Queenes Majesties Commission, and every of them, joyntly and severally for his and their said part, may have his remedie against the said Collectour or Collectours which therefore beene or might have beene allowed, by Action of Debt, in which the Defendant shall not wage his Law, neither Protection neither Injunction or Essoigne shalbe allowed.

And that no person now being of the number of the Company of this present Parliament, nor any Commissioner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collectour or Subcollectour or Presentour of the said Subsidy, or of any part therof, nor no Commissioners shalbe compelled to make any Presentment or Certificate, other then in the Queenes Majesties said Exchequer, of for or concerning the said Subsidies or any part or parcell thereof; and likewise that no other persons that shalbe named and assigned to bee Commissioners in any place to and for the execution of this Act of Subsidy, bee or shalbe assigned or named Head Collectours of any of the payments of the said Subsidy, neither of any part thereof; and that every such person or persons which shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaid to bee Head Collectours in and for the first payment of this Subsidy, shall not bee compelled to bee Collectour for the second payment of the said Subsidy, nor for any part thereof: And the said Collectours which shalbe assigned for the Collection of the said Subsidy, or for any part thereof, and every of them, bee and shalbe acquired and discharged of all maner Fees Rewardes and of every other Charges in the Queenes Majesties Exchequer or elsewhere, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accompts, or any thing concerning the same to bee asked; and that if any person receive or take any Fees Rewards or Pleasures of any such Accoinptant, that then hee shall forfeit to the Queenes Majestie for every peny or value of every peny so taken, five shillings, and suffer Imprisonment at the Queenes Majesties Pleasure.

And after the Taxing and Assessing of the said Subsidie (as is aforesaid) had or made, and the said Extractes thereof in Parchment unto the Collectour in maner and forme before rehearsed delivered, the said Commissioners which shall take upon them the execution of this Act within the limittes of their Commission, by their Agreementes shall have Meeting together, at which Meeting every of the said Commissioners which then shall have taken upon them the execution of any part of the said Commission, shall by himselfe or by his sufficient Deputie, truely certifie and bring forth unto the said Commissioners named in the said Commission, the Certificate and Presentment made before him and such other Commissioners as were limited with him in one Limit, so that the same Certificate may bee accompted and cast with the other Certificates of the other Limits within the same Commission ; and then the said Commissioners and every number of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid, yf any bee in Life, or their Executours or Administrateurs of their Goods, if they then bee dead, shall joyntly and severally as they were divided within their Limittes, under their Seales by their Discretion, make one or severall Writings indented conteining in it as well the Names of the said Collectours by the Commissioners for such Collection and Accomptes in the Exchequer and payment in the same Receipt deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall summes written unto every such Collectours to receive the saide Subsidie; And also all Fines Amerciaments and other Forfeitures, if any such by reason of this Act happen to bee within the Precinct and Limit of their Commission, to bee certifyed into the Queenes Majesties saide Exchequer by the saide Commissioners; In which Writing or Writings indented so to be certified, shalbe plainly declared and expressed the whole and entire sume or summes of the said SubsiJie severallie limitted to the Collection of the sayd Collectours severallie deputed and assigned to the Collection of the saide summes; so that none of the said Collectoure so certified in the saide Exchequer, shall be compelled there to accompt or to bee charged, but onely to and for the summe limited to his Collection, and not to or for any summe limited to the Collection of his Fellow, but every of them shall bee severally charged for their part limitted to their Collection: And yf the saide Commissioners joyned in one Commission among themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or if any of them bee not ready, or refuse to make Certificate with other of the same Commissioners, That then the same Commissioners may make severall Indentures in forme aforesaid of their severall limits or separations of Collectoure within the limits of their Commission, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions within their said severall limits of their Commission, as the Places there shall require to be severed and divided, and as to the same Commissioners shall seeme good, to make Divisions of their limits or Collections for the severall Charges of the same Collectours; So that alway one Collectour shall bee charged and accompt for his part to him to be limitted onely by hymselfe, and not for any summe limitted to the part of any of his Fellowes, and the charges of every of the Collectours to be set and certified severally upon them; And every

8 C

XXIII.

Allowance to High Collector!, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves. Under Collector!, and Comniiuioneri.

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Comminiioncri, tcc. shall not be Collector!, occ.

Collector! shall not pay Feci at the Exchequer.

XXV.

After Assessment, kc. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, kc.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

65 0

18° Eliz. c. 23.

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners or Collectors dying, shall complete their Duties;

Form of the first Certificate,where all the Commissioners do not join.

Future Certificates.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXV11. Persons having Lands, and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, See. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Offices in Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey.

such Collectour. upon his Accompt and Payment of the summe of Money limited within his Collection, to be severally by himselfe accquited and discharged in the said Exchequer, without paying any maner Fees or Rewards to any person or persons for the same, upon the paine and penaltie last abovesaid, and not be charged for anye portion of any other Collectour: And if any Commissioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaid, shall before any such Commissioner be examined, and the summes rated and set and the Bookes and Writings thereof being in his Hands, Or if any Collectour or other person charged with any Receipt of any part of the said Subsidie, or any other person taxed or otherwise by this Act chardged with and for any parcell of the said Subsidie, or with any other Summe Fine Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfeiture, happen to die before the Commissioner Collectour or other whatsoever person or persons, have executed accomplyshed satisfied or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertaine or belong to doe according to this Act, Then the Executours and Heires of every such person, and all other seased of any Lands or Tenementes that any such person being charged by this Act and deceasing before he be discharged thereof, or any other to his use onely, had of Estate of Inheritance, at the tyme that any such person was named Commissioner Collectour or otherwise charged with & for any manner of Thing to be don satisfied or paid by reason of this Act, And all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods Cattels Leases or other Things that were to any such person or persons at the time of his Death, or any Lands or Tenements that were the same persons at the time he was (as is aforesaid) charged by this Act, shall be by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplish in every case, as the same person so being charged should have done, or might have beene compelled to do, if he had beene in playne Life, after such Rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Commissioner or Collectour as the partie shall have in his Hands: And if the said Commissioners, for causes reasonable them mooving, shall thinke it not convenient to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid, Then the said person or persons that shall first joyne together, or he that shall first certifie the said Writing indented as is aforesaid, shall certifie all the Names of the Commissioners of that Commission, whereupon such Writings shall be there then to be certified, with Division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wardes Tythings or other Places to and among such Commissioners of the same Commission, with the Names of the same Commissioners where such Seperations and Divisions shall be, with the grosse summes of Money, as well of and for the said Subsidie taxed or set of or within the said Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes or other Places, to him or them divided or assigned that shall so [forfeit1] the said first Writing, as of the Fines Amerciaments Penalties and other Forfeitures, if any happen to be within the same Limits, whereof the same Writings shall bee certified: And after such Writing indented, which as is aforesaid shall be certified and not conteine in it the whole and full summes set and taxed within the Limits of the same Commission, the other Commissioners of the same, before the day of Payment of the said Subsidie, shall certifie into the said Exchequer by their Writing or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and severall summes set and taxed within the Places to them limited for the said Subsidie and other Fines Amerciaments Penalties and Forfeitures, with the Names of the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or else by their said Writings indented, to certifie at the same Place before the same day of Payment, such reasonable causes for their Excuses why they may not make such Certificate of and for the said Subsidie Fines Amerciaments and other Forfeitures growing or set, by reason of the Causes of their Lets, or of their not certifying as is aforesaid, or else in Default thereof, Processe to be made out of the Queenes Majesties said Exchequer against the said Commissioners and every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid, by the Discretion of the Treasurer or Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stampford Baron, in the Suburbes of the Borough and Towne of Stampford in the South part of the Water there, called Welland, which hereafter shall be contributorie to the payment of this present Subsidie graunted to the Queenes Majestie her Heyres and Successours, shall be assessed rated and taxed for this time by such Commissioners which shall be appointed for the taxing rating and sessing of such Subsidie within the Countie of Lincolne, and shall be for this time contributory and pay the said Subsidie to the Collectour or Collectours which shall be assigned and appointed for the levying and gethering of the same with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough and Towne of Stampford.

Provided alwaies, and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all and every person and persons having Mannours Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments chargeable to the payment of the Subsidie graunted to the Queenes Majestie by this Act, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to her said Majestie by the Grant made by the Cleargie of this Realme in their Convocation, and over this, having Substance in Goods and Cattels chargeable by this said Act, that then if any of the said person or persons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannors Lands and Tenements and Spirituall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his or their Goods and Cattels, that then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Act for his and their said Mannors Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his said Goods and Cattels, the best thereof to be taken for the Queenes Majestie, and not to bee charged for bothe or double charged for any of them; Any Thing in this Act conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, That this Graunt of Subsidie, nor any Thing therein conteined, in any wise extend to charge the Inhabitants or Dwellers in Irelande Jernesey and Garnesey, or any of them, of for or concerning any Manors Lands Tenements or other Possessions Goods Cattels or other moveable Substance which the said Inhabitants or Dwellers or any other to their use, have within Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees

1 erroneously far ‘certify’

Origirval from

A.D. 1575-6.

18° Eliz. c. 23.

651

or Wages which any of the said Inhabitants or Dwellers have of the Queenes Majestie, for their Attendance and doing service to our Soveraigne Lady in Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or in any of them ; Any Thing in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this present Act of Subsidie nor any Thing therein conteined extend to any of the English Inhabitants or Resiants in any of the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland the Towne of Barwcike the Towne of Newcastle upon Tine, and the Bishopricke of Durham, nor to anye of them, of for or concerning any Mannors Lands Tenements or other Possessions Goods Cattels or other mooveable Substance which the same Inhabitants or Dwellers, or any other to their use have within the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland or the Towne of Barwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tine, or the Byshopricke of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitants or Dwellers have of the Queenes Majestie for their Attendance and doing service [of1] the Queenes Majestie for or within the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newecastle upon line and the Byshopricke of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxing levying gathering or payment; But that the English Inhabitants and Resyants, and every of them, of the said Counties Byshopricke and Townes and every of them, shall be of and from the said Subsidie, and every parcell therof, for their Mannors Lands Tenements Fees Wages Goods and Cattels, lying and being in the said Counties Townes and Byshopricke or any of them, utterly acquited and discharged; Any Thing in this present Act before rehearsed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also. That all Letters Patterns granted by the Queenes Majestie or any of her most noble Progenitors to any Cities Boroughes or Townes within this Realme, of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from the Burden and Charge of any such Grantes and Subsidies, which be at this present time in force and vayleable, shall remaine good and effectuall to the said Cities Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the purports thereof, though the Inhabitants of the same shall upon the greate and weightie Consideration of the Grante abovesaid, [before this*] charged and contrybutory, in like manner forme and sort as other Citties Boroughes and Townes which be not in any wise privileged but by this Act charged.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That no Orphan or Infant within the Age of twentie-one yeeres, borne within any of the Queenes Majesties Dominions, shall be charged to any Payment of this Subsidie, for his or her Goods and Cattels to him or her left or bequeathed ; Any Thing in this Act conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this Act nor any Thing therein conteined, shall not extend to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton founded by Bishop Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor, or to the Lands Tenements or Revenues onely assigned or appointed for the Sustentation and livings of the poore Knights, founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the Eight, or to any of the Goods or Cattels of the said Knights or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any common Free Grammer Schoole within this Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Schoolemaister or Scholler, or any Graduate resiant or remaining for Studie, without Fraud or Covin, without any of the said Universities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbes of the same, or any of them, or to any their Servants daily attendant upon any of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Aimes Man or Servants belonging to any of the said Universities Colledges Halles or Hostels, and dwelling and resiant within the said Universities or either of them, or within either of the said Townes of Cambridge and Oxford and the Suburbes of the same, without Fraud or Covin; Nor to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measondue or Spittelhouse prepared and used for the Sustentation and Releefe of poore People; Any thing in this Act conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That the said Grant of Subsidie or any Thing therein conteined, doe not in any wise extend or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Inhabitants or Resiants at this present time within the Five Ports Corporate, or to any of their Members incorporate or united to the same Five Ports, or to any of the same Five Ports, of or for any part or parcell of the said summes graunted in this Parliament of the said Inhabitants now resiant, or any of them, to be taxed sett asked levied or paid ; but the said Inhabitaunts or Resiants in the saide Five Ports and their Members be and shall be of and from the said Graunt and Payment of the saide Subsidie, during there Resiance there and no longer, clearely acquited and discharged; Any Matter or whatsoever thing in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That the said Grant of Subsidie and two Fiftcenes and Tenths do not in any manner of wise extend or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Inhabitants or Resiants at this present time within the Liberties of Romney Marsh of or for any part of the said summes graunted in this present Parliament, of the said Inhabitants now Resiants or any of them to be taxed set asked levied or paid; but that the said Inhabitants and now Resiants of Romney Marsh aforesaid and every of them, be and shall be of and from the said Grant and Payment of the said Subside and Fifteenes & Tenths, during their Resiance there and no longer, acquited and discharged ; Any Matter or whatsoever Thing in this present Acte made to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitant! of the Northern Counties.

XXX.

Proriso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

XXXI. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, 4cc.

XXXII. Exemption for Colleges in the Unirersities, Winchester. Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV. Exemption for Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

1 erroneously for ‘ to ’

• erroneously for ‘ be for this Grant ’

A.D.\575-6.

652

18° Eliz. c. 24.

Motives for this Pardon j

Pardon to all Subjects and Corporations of all Offences, &c. not expressly excepted, committed, &c. before ist Jan.

An. 18 Eliz.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, as if alt Offences, &c. were particularly specified.

III.

Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences pardoned.

Pardon may be

?leaded without rees 5 except i6d. to the Clerk.

CHAPTER XXIV. (')

An Acte of the Queenes Ma,iCT moste Free and Generali Pardon.

THE Quenes moste Excellente Majestye consideringe that Power ys given her from Almightie God to goveme and rule her People by Distribuc&n of Justice and nJcye as Causes shall requyre, And havinge in this psente Session of Pliamente, a full and manyfest Declarac&n of the faithefull and lovinge Hartes of her Subjects towardes her, and withall remembringe into howe manye Penalties and Daungers of her Lawes sundrye of her verrye good lovinge Subjects be fallen, owte of the whiche they cannot any wayes be delyv'ed but onlye by her greate iricye, her Highenesse therefore covettinge rather by reasonable peetye and Pryncelye elemeneye to wynne her lovinge Subjects to good order of Lisse and obedience to her Lawes, then otherwise by severe execuc&n of Justice to bee enriched by theire Offencf, hathe thought yt mete at this psente with her Geroall and Free Pdon, to delyver and dischardge her saide Subjects from some parte of suche greate Peynes Penaltyes and Forfeytures wherewith they stande nowe burdened by reason of theire Offencf, Trustinge assuredlye that her saide Subjects will not onlye contynewe in their due Obedience and lovinge Hartes towardes her Majestye, but also that from henceforthe they will as obediente Subjects with all diligence endevo' themselffes to lyve accordinge to her Highenesse Lawes; And Therefore her Majesde ys pleased and contented that yt be enacted by thucthoritie of this psente Pliamente, in maner and fourme followinge, that ys to saye; That all and ev*ye her saide Subjects, as well Spirituall as Temporall of this her Highenes Realme of Englande, Wales, the Isles of Jernesey and Garneseye, and the Towne of Barwicke, the Heires Successous Executours and Administratours of them and ev*ye of them, and all and singler Bodyes in any maner of wyse corporated, Cityes Boroughes Shires Rydinges Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlettf and Tythinges, and e9ye of them, and the Successour and Successours of e$ye of them, shalbe by thaucthoritye of this psente Pliamente acquited pdoned released and discharged, agaynste the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successours and ev'ye of them, of all manner of Treasons Fellonyes Offencf Contemptf Trespasses Entrees Wrounges Deceiptf Mysdemeano" Forfaytures Penaltyes and Somes of Money, Paynes of Deathe, Paynes corporall and pecuniarye, and geSallye of all other Thinges Causes Quarrells Sutf Judgementf and Execuc&ns, in this psente Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprised, whiche maye be or can be by her Highenes in any wise or by any meanes pdoned, before and unto the firste daye of January last past in this Psente Eightenthe yere of her most gracyous Reigne, to ev'y or anye of her saide Subjects Bodyes Corporate Cityes Boroughes Shires Rydinges Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythinges or any of them.

And also the Quenes Highnes ys contented that yt be enacted by thaucthoritye of this psente Pliamente, That her said free Pdon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to ev^ye of her saide Subjects, Bodyes Corporate, and other before rehersed, in for and agaynste all Thinges whiche be not hereafter in this psente Acte excepted and forprised, as the same Pdon shulde have bene, yf all Offencf Contemptf Forfeytures Causes Matters Sutf Quarrells Judgementf ExecucBns Penaltyes and all other Thinges, not hereafter in this Acte excepted and forprised, hadde bene pdcularly singlerlye specyallye and playnely named rehersed and speciffied, and also pdoned by pper and expsse Wordes and Names in their Kyndes Natures and Qualityes, by Wordes and Termes thereunto requisite to have bene put in and expressed in this psente Acte of free Pardon ; And that her saide Subjects, nor any of them, nor the Heires Executours or Administrators of any of them, nor of the saide Bodyes Corporate and other before named and rehersed, nor any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquyeted in their Bodyes Goodes Cattells Landes or Tents, for any maner of Matter Cause Contempte Misdemeano' Forfeyture Trespassc Offence or any other Thinge, suffered done or comitted, before the saide firste daye of January, agaynste her Highnes her Crowne Dignitie progative Lawes or Statutes, but onlye for suche Matters Causes and Offencf as be rehersed in thexcepcdns of this Acte hereafter menc&ned, and for non other; Any Statute or Statutf Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore hadde made or used to the contrarye in any wise notwithstanding.

And the Quenes Highenes of her bounteous liberallitye, by the Aucthoritye of this Psente Pliamente, graunteth and frelye geveth to ev*ye of her saide Subjects, and to ePye of the saide Bodyes Corporate and other before rehersed, and ewye of them, all Goodes Cattellf Debts Fynes Issues Pffittf AirJcyamentf Forfeytures S5mes off Money by any of them forfeyted, whiche to her Highenesse do or shulde belonge or appartcigne, by reason of any Offence Contempte Trespasse Entree Misdemeano’ Matter Cause or Quarrell suffered done or comytted by them or any of them before the saide firste daye of January, whiche be not hereafter in (*) psente Acte foreprised and excepted; And that all and ePye the Quenes saide Subjects, and all and singler Bodyes Corporate and others before rehersed, maye by hym or themselffe, or by his or theire Deputye or Deputyes or by his or theire Attumey or Atturneyes, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this psente Acte of free Pdon, for his or theire Dischardge of and for ev’ye Thinge that ys by vertue of this psente Acte pdoned discharged gyven or graunted, withoute any Fee or other Thinge in any wise payinge to any pson or psons for Wrytinge or Entrye of the Judgemente or other Cause

1 From the Original Act : See Note at the beginning of this Year. ’ The Word * this’ seems here omitted.

A.D\5?5-6.

18° Eliz. c. 24.

65 3

i

i

i

it

t

t

i

i

B

V

Si

n

b

bi

b

ii

hi

ti

hi

Ii

ii

ib

hi

tin

B*

«■

hi

«*

Oil H< I*

A*

01

concemynge suche Plee Writinge or Entree, but onlye sixtene pence to be paide to the Officer or Clarke that shall enter suche Plee Matter or Judgemente for the Ptyes discharged in that Behalffe; Any Statute Usage or Custome to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And furthermore the Quenes Highenesse ys contented and pleased that yt be enacted by the aucthoritie of this fPsente Pliamente, That her saide free Pdon, by the geSall Wordes before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all maner of Courts of her Highenesse and ellswhere, aswell in the Wordes and Clauses of the Excepcbns and Foreprises specified in this psente Acte, as in all and singler other Clauses Wordes and Sentencf mencbned and rehersed in the saide free Pdon, moste beneficiallye and avaeleably to all and singler her saide Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehersed, and to ev*ye of them, withoute any Ambiguytie Questyon or other Delaye whatsoev5 yt shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the Quene oure SoPaigne Ladye her Heires or Successours, or by her or any theire geSall Atturney or Atturneyes, or any pson or psons for her Highenes or any of her Heires or Successours.

And further yt ys enacted by the Quene oure SoPaigne Ladye, by the Aucthoritye of this Psente Pliamente, That if any Officer or Clarke of any of her Highnesse Courts comonlye called the Kinges Benche Chauncerye and Comen Place, or of her Exchequer, or any other Officer or Clarke of any other of her Highenesse Courts within this Realme, at any tyme after the last daye of this Psente Session of Parliamente, make owte or wryte owte any manner of Writtf or other Pees, or any Extreatf Sommons or other pceptf, whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodyes corporated or other before rehersed, or any of them, shalbe in any wise arrested attayched distrayned somoned ; or otherwise vexed inquyeted or greyed in his or theire Bodyes Landes Teiitf Goodes or Cattells, or in any of them, for or because of any maner of thinge pdoned or discharged by vertue of this Acte of free Pdon, or if any Sheriffe or Escheatoure, or any of theire Deputye or Deputyes, or any Bailiffe or other Officer whatsoev* by color of his or theire Office or other wayes, after the saide last daye of thys psente Session of Pliamente, doe levye receyve take or witholde of or from any pson or psons any thinge pdoned or discharged by thys Acte, That then e$ye suche pson so offendinge, and thereof laufullye convicted or condcmpned by any sufficiente Testymonye Witnesse or Pffe, shall yelde and paye for Recompence thereof to the ptye so greyed or offended therebye, his or theire Treble Damages, besides all Costes of the Sute, and shall also forfayte and lose to the Quenes Majestye for ev'ye suche Defaulte x ti.; And nePthelesse all and syngler suche Writtf Pcesse Extreatf and pceptf so to be made, for or upon any maner of thinge pdoned or discharged by this psente Acte of free Pdon, shalbe utterlye voide and of none Effecte.

Excepte and allwayes foreprised owte of this geSall and fre Pdon, All and all man! of Highe Treasons comitted or done by any pson or psons, by any overte Dede or Acte agaynste the Quenes most Royall pson, and all Conspiracyes and Confederacyes trayterouslye hadde comitted or done by any pson or psons against the Quenes Majestyes most Royall pson; And also excepted all and e9y maner of Treasons comitted or done by any pson or psons in the ptyes beyonde the Seas, or in any other place owte of the Quenes Domynyons; And all Suytes Punyshementf Execuc&ns Paynes of Deathe Forfaytures and Penaltyes for or by reason or occac&n of any the Treasons and Offencf before excepted; And also excepted and foreprised owte of this geriall Pdon, All and ePy Piracye and Robberye done upon the Seas; And excepted owte of this Pdon, all maner of Voluntarye Murders Petye Treasons and wilfiill Poysonyngf done or comitted by any pson or psons; and all and ev*ye the Accessaryes to the same Offencf or any of them before the said Offencf comitted; And also excepted oute of this Pdon all Offencf of forgeynge and falce counterfettinge of any the Moneyes curraunte within this Realme; And also excepted oute of this Pdon all Robberyes and felonyouse stealinge of any Goodes or Cattelles above the value of xl s. in any Dwellinge House or Houses in the Daye tyme or in the Nighte tyme, whiche hathe bene comitted or done at any tyme sence the xiiij'h daye of February in the thirtenth yere of the Quenes Majesties Reigne; And also excepted all Robberyes done uppon or to any Man or Womans pson in the Highe waye or ellswhere; and all and singler Accessaryes of or to any suche Robberyes before the saide Robberye comytted; And also excepted all Rapes and Camall Ravishmentf of Women, and also all Ravishementf and wilfull takinge or marryenge of any Maide Widow or Damsell [ against her will, or ‘ ] withoute the Assente or Agremente of her Parentes or of suche as have her in custodye ; And also excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Traytours or Felons ; And also excepted owte of this Pdon, all psons nowe attaynted or owtelawed of or for any Treason Petye Treason Murder Wilfull Poysoninge or Robberye ; And also excepted all Conjuracbns Witchcraftf Sorceryes and Inchauntementf; And also excepted all and ev*y man! of takinge from the Quenes Majestie of any Goodes or Cattells or the Yssues Rents Revenues or Pffittf of any Manno's Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf which were of any Traitor Murderer Felon Clarke or Clarkes attaynted or fugityves, or of any of them; and also all Goodes & Cattells in any wise forfeyted to the Quenes Ma‘" by reason of any Treason Petye Treason Murder or Felonye heretofore comitted or done; And also excepted owte of this Pdon, all Intrusions hadde made or done by any pson or psons in or uppon any the Mano's Landes Teiitf or other Hereditamentf of oure So9aigne Ladye the Quene ; And all Wastf done comytted or suffered upon any suche Lands Teiitf or Hereditaments, and the wrongfull takinge of any the Rents Yssues and Pffittf of the same Mano's Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf of oure saide Sov’aigne Lady the Quene, and also all Sutes Accomptf and Impetycons of and for the same; And also excepted oute of this Pdon, all Alienacons of any Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf without licence, and all Fynes & Pffitf that maye

1 These Words are interlined.

IV.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers of Courts, &c. issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned ; Treble Damages, and Process declared void.

VI. Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons

Piracies; Murders

Counterfeiting Money j Robberies, Ire. in Houses since 14 Feb. 13 Elix.;

Robberies on the Highway j

Rapes, Scc.

Escapes of Traitors and Felons; Outlawries for Treason, Sec.; Witchcrafts; Taking Issues of Goods of Felons, Sic.}

Forfeitures

Intrusions;

Wastes, See.

Alienations, and Fines thereon

8 D

654

18° Eliz. c. 24.

A.D. 1575-6.

Wutei, itc. in Land* of Wardi,

&c.;

Concealment of Wards, &c. 5 Ravishments of Wards.

Fines of Widows;

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

VIII. Further Exceptions: Prisoners in Execution, tic. Fugitives for Treason;

Persons

remaining Abroad without Licence; Concealment of Subsidies;

Accountants to the Crown;

Unlawful Inclosures, &c.;

Deceipts of Moneyers, &c.;

Quart Impcdits, Homages, tic.;

Penalties on Covenants, &c.

Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown on Recognizances, &c. 5

Penalties and Forfeitures by Statute, adjudged or proceeded for

or ought to growe or come to the Quenes Ma"* by reason of any suche Alienacbn without Licence; And also excepted oute of this Pdon all Waste cSmitted or done in any of the Quenes Wardes Landes, or in the Wardes Landes of any of the Quenes Committees; And also all and e£*ye Fyne and Fynes for the single or double value of the Manage or Manages of all and ePye Warde or Wardes at any tyme heretofore growen to the Quenes Majestye or any her noble Pgenyto"; And also excepted all concealed Wardes & Wardes Lands, 8c all Liv’yes & prifi Seasons and Ouster le mayns that oughte to be hadde done or sued for the same And also excepted oute of this geSall Pardon, all Ravishmentf and Wrongfull takinge or witholdinge of any of the Quenes Wardes or Wards Lands, or the Rents & Pffittf of the same at any tyme comen or growen to the Quenes Hands, and ev*y other thinge that by reason of

any Warde or Wardes lands ought to come or be to the Quenes Majestic, and that yet ys not discharged;

And also excepted, all Fynes that sbulde or ought to growe to the Quene, of any of her Widoes that have maried withoute Licence.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by thaucthoride of this pnte Pliamente, That all & ev*y pson and psons whiche have tendered or ought to sue Lyvye oute of or saide Sov’aigne Ladye the Quenes Hands, of or for any Manno's Landes Tents or Hereditamentf whatsoev* they be, shall sue his and their Lyv*ye 8c Lyv*yes owte of oure saide Sov*aigne Ladye the Quenes Handes, of his or theire Mano's Landes Tents and Hereditamenf, in like

mann! and fourme as they and ev*y of them shulde or ought to have done yf this Acte had nev* bene hadde ne

made; Any Article Thinge or Things in this psente Acte of Genial 1 Pdon comprised and specified to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And also excepted and foreprised oute of this Pdon, all suche psons as the last daye of this pnte Session of this psente Pliamente be in Prison within the Tower of London, or in the Prison of the i&shalsey, or in the Fleete, and all psons put to execuc&n before the saide last daye: And also excepted owte of this Pdon, all and ev*y suche pson and psons whiche sithence the begynnynge of the Quenes Ma°" Reigne have fled owte of this Realme of Englande or any other the Quenes Domynions, for any Offence of Highe Treason Petye Treason or Misprision of Treason: And also excepted all suche psons as be fled or gone owte of this Realme, for any cause contrarye to the Lawes 8c Statutf of this Realme withoute the Quenes Majesties Licence: And also excepte, all suche psons as have obteigned 8c had licence to depte the Realme for a certen time, and nowe do abyde owte of the Realme, w^out any lawfull excuse, after the tyme of theire Licence exspired : And also excepted owte of this Pdon all 8c e9y Concelementf and wrongefull deteignementf of any Custome or Subsidye due to the Quenes Ma"e, and all Accomptf Impeticons 8c Suits to be hadde made or done for the same : And also excepted all 8c syngler Accomptf of all and ev*y Collecto' 8c Collecto's of any Subsidye Fiftene Custome or other Thinge; and all Accomptf of ev*y other pson whatsoev* that ought to be Accomptaunte to the Quenes Highnes or to her most noble Father Kynge Henrie Theighte, or to Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, or Quene Marye, or to any of them, and the Heires Executo" 8c Administrate" of ev*ye suche pson that ought to accompte, for all Things towchinge only the same Accompte; and all 8c singler Arreragf of Accomptf, and all untrue Accomptf, and all Impetic&ns Suytf Demands 8c Execucbns which can or maye be hadde of or for any Accompte or Accomptf, or any Arreragf of the same: And also excepted all Inclosures and Decayes of Houses of Husbandrye and the conv’tinge of any Lande from Tyllage to Pasture, made done comytted or pmitted contrarye to the fourme and effecte of any Statute or Statutf heretofore made : And also excepted and foreprised oute of this Pdon, all and all maner of Deceiptf and Offencf of all and singler Monyers and other Officers Mynters and Workemen of or in any of the Quenes Majestyes Myntes within this Realme, or any other her Domynions, and all Impetic&ns and Punyshementf for the same: And also excepted all Tytles and AccSns of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Relieffe and Relieffes Rente tfvicf Rente Chardgf Rents Seckes and the Arrerages of the same not done or paide to the Quenes Highenesse: And also excepted all Penalties Titles and Forfaytures of condic&n or condicftns Covenaunte or Covenauntf accrewed or growen to the Quenes Ma0* by reason of the breache and not pformynge of any Covenaunte or Condition whatsoev*: And also excepted all somes of Money graunted to the Quenes Majestye, or to any her noble Pgenito's, by waye or meane of Subsedye Fiftene or otherwise: And also excepted oute of this Pdon, all Debtes whiche were or be due to oure Sov*aigne Ladye the Quene, or to the most noble Kinge of famous Memorye Kinge Henrye the Seventhe, or to Kinge Henrye Theighte, Kinge Edwarde the Sixte or to the late Quene Marye, or to any pson or psons to any of theire uses, by any Condemnac&n Recognisaunce Obligation or otherwise; other then suche Debts as are due upon any Obligacbn or Recognisaunce forfayted before the saide firste daye of January for none apparaunce in any Courte or other Place, or for not kepinge of the Peace or not beinge of good Behavio', whiche Debts growen or accrued upon those causes by this free Pdon be and shalbe clerelye pdoned and discharged : And also excepted and foreprised oute of this Pdon, all 8( singler Penalties Forfaytures and Somes of Money, beinge due or accrued to o' Sov*aigne Lady the Quene by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutes, whiche Forfaytures Penalties and S5mes of Money be conv*ted into the nature of Debte, by any Jugemente Order or Decree, or by the Agreamente of the Offendo' or Offendo": And also excepte all Penaltyes and Forfaytures, whereof there ys any Verdite in any Suite gyven or past for the Quenes Majestie: And also excepted all Forfaytures and other Penaltyes 81 Pffittf nowe due accrued or growen to the Quenes Ma"' by reason of any Offence Misdemeanor or Contempte, or other Acte hadde suffered comitted or done, contrarye to any Acte Statute or Statutf, or contrarye to the Cdmen Lawes of this Realme, whereof any Acc6n Bill Pleynte or Informac&n hathe bene exhibited comensed or sued in any of the Quenes Ma1* Courtes at Westfii sence the thirtenthe daye of May in the tenthe yere of her Highenes Reigne, and whiche nowe be dependinge in any of the saide

A.D.\5?5-6.

18° Eliz. c. 24.

655

i

I

i

i

i

I

k

i

i

i

W

H

La

At

it

a

[ F ¥

at

ti

k«

a

i®

e*

3b?

f"

sas

(if

5p

«>

if

tf

Ilk*

«>

P

j*

.1

fi

Courts: And also excepted owte of this Pdon all Offencf of Pjurye and Subornac&n of Witnesses, and all Offencf of forginge and counterfeytinge of any false Dedes Escriptf or Wrytinges and all pcuringe or consealing of any suche counterfaytinge or forginge to be hadde or made: And also excepted owte of this Pdon all and epy Offence and Offencf towchinge or concemynge the caryenge sendinge or conveyenge over the Seas or owte of this Realme of any Golde Silver Jewells, or any Coyne of Golde or Silver, contrarye to the I.awes or Statutf of thys Realme, unlesse yt were or be by the Quenes Licence : And also excepted owte of this Pdon, all greate Ryottf, at the doynge whereof hathe bene above the number of twelve psons, and whereof there ys nowe any Bill of Compleynte Informacon or Suite dependinge before the Quenes Majestyes Councell in the Starre Chambre: And also excepted all Extorc&ns Oppressions and wrongfull and compulsarye takinge of any Money Goodes or Cattells of any pson or psons by Colo' of any Writte or Writtf Pees Comission or Comissions: And also excepted owte of this Pdon, all Offencf in' makinge or publishinge, or in concentinge to the inakinge or publishinge, of any falce sedicious or slaunderous Libell or Libells against any pson or psons; And also all Misdemeano", and all contemptuous slaunderouse or opprobriouse Wordes or Speches hadde done comitted or uttered by any pson or psons against any of the Quenes Majesties Justicf in any Place or Places: And excepte owte of this Pdon all Offencf of Incest Adultrece or Fornycac&n: And also excepte all Offencf whereby any pson maye be charged with the Penaltye or Daunger of phninire, and of the whiche Offence any pson standeth alredye indicted or otherwise lawfullye condempned or convicted: And also excepte and foreprised owte of this Pdon all Yssues Fynes and Aificiamentf affered taxed set extreated or entred, sePallye or pticularlye, towchinge or conc'ninge any one pson or moe psons joyntelye or sePallye, extendinge to the some of iiij li, or above; And yet neverthelesse all other Fynes, aswell Fynes p licencia concordand (as other) set taxed extreated or entred, and also all Yssues and AiSciamentf, aswell reall as other, whiche sev*allie or pticulerye extende not to the some of iiijti. whether they be totted or not totted, taken to the Chardge of the Sheriffe or not taken to his Charge, extreated or not extreated, or whether they bee turned into Debte or not turned into Debte, and not beinge levied nor receyved by any Sheriffe Under Sheriffe Bailiffe Minister or other Officer or Officers to the Quenes Majesties use, shalbe fully clerelye and playnlye pdoned and discharged against the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successours for ev*, by force of this pnte Acte of Free Pdon.

Provyded allwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritye afforesaid, That yt shalbe laufull to all and ePy Clarke and other Officer of the Quenes Courts, to awarde and make Writtf of Capias Utlagat, at the Suite of the Ptye Playntiffe, against suche psons Owtlawed as be pdoned by this Acte, to thintente to compell the Defend and Defendauntf to make answere to the Playntiffe or Playntiffes at whose Suite he or they were owtlawed; And that ev*ye pson so owtlawed shall sue a Writte of Scire facias against the Ptye or Ptyes at whose Suite he or they were so owtlawed, before this Pdon in that Behalffe shalbe allowed to hym that ys owtelawed.

And also excepted owte of this Pdon, all suche psons as remayne still attaynted or condempned and not alredye pdoned of and for any Rebellion or levyenge of Warre, or of or for any Conspiracye of any Rebellion or levyenge of Warre within this Realme or in any of the Quenes Domynions.

Perjurlei Forgeries of Deeds; Exporting Gold or Silver j

Great Riots)

Extortions;

Seditious Libels

Slanderous Words against Judges;

Incest, See.;

Hremunire j Issues, Fines,

Sec. affered, amounting to £4. All other Fines pardoned.

IX.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

X.

Exception of Rebels attainted.

( 656 )

Anno 23° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1580-1.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE SIXTEENTH Day OF JANUARY, C)

In the TWENTY-THIRD Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH

<£X i&otulo i&arltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabetlje ftegtne, 3Htcesfmo*tert<o.

In PARLIAMENTO per Prorogacftem tento apud Westm xvj die Januarij Anno Regni Serenissime atq, Excellentissime Dne nre Elizabethe, Dei gra Angi FranS et Hibnie Regine Fidei Defensor &c. xxiij Comuni omnium Dnorum tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium ac Comunitatis consensu, et Regie Ma°‘ turn presentis Assensu, Sancita Inactitata Ordinata & Stabilita fuerunt hec Triginta (*) Statuta que sequntur verbatim. Vz.

(») I.— i. An Acte to reteine the Queenes Mate Subjectes in their due obedience.

II. — 2. An Acte against Sedicious Wordes and Rumours uttered againste the Queenes mooste Excellent Majestie.

III. — 3. An Acte for the Reformacbn of Errours in Fynes and Recoveries.

IV. — 4. An Acte for the fortifieng of the Borders towardes Scotland.

V. — 5. An Acte towching Yron Milles neere unto the Cittie of London and the Ryver of Thames.

VI. — 6. An Acte for the repayring of Dover Haven.

VII. — 7. An Acte for the encrease of Mariners, & for the Mainten'nce of Navigac&n.

VIII. — 8. An Acte for the true melting making and working of Waxe.

IX. — 9. An Acte for the abolisshing of certeine disceitefull Stuffe used in the dyeng of Clothe.

X. —10. An Acte for the preservac&n of Fesauntes and Partridges.

XI. —11. An Acte for the reedifieng of Cardiffe Bridge in the Countie of Glamorgan.

XII.—12. An Acte for an adition to a former Acte made Anno xiij of her Ma'j" Raigne for the pavinge of a Streate without Algate leading to her Highenes Storehowses at the Minories and other places.

XIV.----- An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargye.

XV.----- An Acte for a Subsidie & Two Fyfteens graunted by the Temporaltie.

XVI.----- An Acte for the Queenes Mau" moste graciouse generall & free Pardon.

Xm.—13. An Acte for the ynninge of Earith and Plumsted Marshe.

14. An Acte for the reedifieng of the Towne of Cringleforde neere the Cittie of Norwiche.

15. An Acte for the naturalisinge of certeyne Englishmens Children borne beyond the Seas.

1 And there continued until the Eighteenth Day of March following, Printed Copies.

* Only Twenty-nine Acts are specified in the List.

' The Roman Numerals are not on the Roll, but have been now added to denote the Number of Chapters as printed. Chapter XIII. is inserted in the • Title of Acts not printed ’ prefixed to Sessional Publications of the Acts of this Year, with a Note that it was * printed by special Suit.’ It is accordingly inserted in the Old Printed Collections. The Acts for the Subsidies, Chapters XIV. XV. and the Pardon, Chapter XVI. although noticed in the above List, are not entered on the Roll; Chapters XIV. and XV. have therefore been printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office; of Chapter XYT. the Original has not been found, and it is therefore reprinted from the Edition of the Statutes 1618, usually called Rastall’s, printed by the Sling’s Printers. Nu. 24. is now first printed from the Inrollment as Chapter XVII. The Acts not distinguished by Roman Numerals are merely private, and have never been inserted in any Printed Collections. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.

Original frorr

PENN STAT

* t

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 1.

657

16. An Acte for the perfitting of Assuraunces of certeyne Landes for the mainten*nce of a free Grammer

Schole within the Cittie of Coventrie.

17. An Acte for the establishing of an Agreement betwene Sir Henrie Nevill Knight, and Dame Anne

Gressham Widdowe, for the better pfourming of the last Wille of Sir Thomas Gressham Knight deceased, and for the payment of his Dettes.

18. An Acte for the assuraunce of a Rent of fowrescore & two poundes and tenne shillinges to the

Bysshoppe of Coventrie and Lychefeild.

19. An Acte for the Restitucftn in Blood of Philippe Earle of Arundell.

ao. An Acte of Pardon and Restitu£6n in Blood of John Seintleger and Dndleye Seintleger. a 1. An Acte for the Restituc&n in Blood of Anthonye Mayme Esquier. aa. An Acte for the assuraunce of certeyne Landes to the Lord Compton.

33. An Acte ratifieng a Decree and an Awarde in the Chauncerye towching certeyne Copieholders and Customarye Ten*ntes of the Mannors of Moore Newnam Lyndriche Knighton &c Pensockes in the Counde of Worcestr.

XVII.—34. An Acte that Gavelkind Landes within the Cyttye of Exceter maye be enheritable as Landes at the Comon Lawe.

35. An Acte for ratifieng of an Awarde made betwene Willyam Hyde and Willyam Darell Esquiers.

16. An Acte concerning the Hospitall of Ledburye in the Countie of Heres.

H

a

Sr

pi

t

CHAPTER I.

An Acte to reteine the Queenes Ma"" Subjectes in their due Obedience.

WHERE sithence the Statute made in the thirtenth yeare of the Raigne of the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye, EYa»ion ot

entituled An Acte againste the bringing in and putting in execuc&n of Bulles Writinges and Instrumentes St-,3t *'

and other supsticious Thinges from the Sea of Rome, divers evell affected persons have practised contrarye to from'Rome■* the meaninge of the said Statute, by other meanes then by Bulles or Instrumentes written or printed, to withdrawe divers the Queenes Ma'1" Subjectes from their naturall Obedience to her Majestie, to obey the said usurped aucthoritie of Rome, and in respecte of the same to perswade great nombers to withdrawe their due Obedience to her Ma""

Lawes established for the due service of Almightie God: For Reformacon whereof, and to declare the true meaninge of the said Lawe, Bee yt declared and enacted by the aucthoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That all psons whatsoeP which have or shall have or shall ptend to have Power, or shall by any Wayes or Meanes put in practise, to absolve perswade or withdrawe any of the Queenes Ma"" Subjects, or any within her Highenes Realmes and Dominions, from their naturall Obedience to her Majestie, or to withdrawe them for that entent, from the Relygeon nowe by pon^j^g"o’with-her Highenes aucthoritie established within her Highenes Domynions, to the Romyshe Religeon, or to move them draw them to the or any of them to promise any Obedience to any p>tended aucthoritie of the Sea of Rome, or of any other Prince ^dTl'l^Subj«t•"’ State or Potentate, to be had or used within her Dominions, or shall doe any overte Acte to that Intent or Purpose, *°. *hj*°lral or and everye of them, shalbe to all Intentes adjudged to be Traitors, and being thereof lawfullye convicted shall have declared guilty Judgement suffer and forfaite as in case of Highe Treason: And yf any person shall, after thend of this Session of of Hl8h Treason. Parliament, by any meanes be willinglye absolved or withdrawne as aforesaid, or willinglye be reconciled, or shall promise any Obedience to any suche ^tended Aucthoritie Prince State or Potentate as ys aforesaid, that then everye suche pson their Procurers and Counsellers thereunto, beinge thereof lawfullye convicted, shalbe taken tryed and judged, and shall suffer and forfaite as in cases of Highe Treason.

And be yt lykewise enacted and declared, That all and everye person and psons, that shall wittinglye be Ayders or AbettorjI^ul Maineteyners of suche psons so offendinge as ys above expressed, or of any of them knowinge the same, or whiche Concealer*, shall conceale any Offence aforsaide, and shall not, within twentie dayes at the furthest after suche psons knowledge ofCjJ^on^"oJ,ty of suche Offence, disclose the same to some Justice of Peace or other higher Officer, shalbe taken tried and judged, of Treaaon. and shall suffer and forfeyte as Offendors in Misprision of Treason.

And be yt likewise enacted, That everye person which shall saye or singe Masse, being thereof lawfullye convicted, uying

shall forfaite the some of Two hundreth markes and bee comitted to prison in the next Gaole, there to remaine by Mu*, zoo Mark* 5 the space of one yeare, and from thenceforthe tyll he have paid the said some of CC. markes: and that everye ^>*Marki ('and pson which shall willinglye heare Masse shall forfaite the some of one hundreth markes, and suffer ymprisoment Impriionment. for a yeare.

Be yt also further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That every pson above the Age of xvj yeares, which IV.

shall not repaire to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of Common Prayer, but forbeare the same contrarye to £fgj^t;n°gnt0auend the tenour of a Statute made in the firste yeare of her Ma'1" Raigne for Uniformitie of C5mon Prayer, and being Church, »• required therof lawfullye convicted, shall forfaite to the Queenes Ma'*, for everye Moneth after thend of this Session of rfao per Month^,3 Parliament whiche he or she shallso forbeare, twentie powndes of Iawfull Englishe Money : and that over and besides Stc-the said Forfeytures, everye pson so forbearing, by the space of xij Monethes as aforesaid, shall for his or her obstinacie, after Certificat thereof in Writinge made into the Courte comonlye called the Kinges Benche, by the Ordinarie of the Dioces, a Justice of Assisse and Gaole Deliverye, or a Justice of Peace of the Countie, where suche Offendor shall

Penoni pretending to any Power of abiolring Subject* from theirobedience

8 E

658

V.

Penalty on Corporations employing Schoolmasters not resorting to Church, jfio; on Schoolmaster, Disability and Imprisonment.

VI.

Justices of Peace my inquire of Offences against this Act or Stats, i Eliz. c. i, a.

5 Eliz. c. i.

13 Eliz. c. a.

23" Eliz. c. 1., 1580-1

dwell or be, be bounde with two sufficient Suerties in the sdmme of two hundreth pounde at the leaste to the good Behaviour, and so to continue bounde untill suche tyme as the psons so bounde do conforme themselves and come to the Churche, accordinge to the true meaninge of the said Statute made in the said firste yeare of the Queenes Ma"" Raigne.

And be yt further enacted, That yf any pson or psons Bodye Pollidke or Corporate, after the Feaste of Pentecost next cominge, shall kepe or mainteyne any Scholemaster, which shall not repayre to Churche as ys aforesaid, or be alowed by the Bisshopp or Ordinarye of the Diocesse where suche Scholemaster shalbe so kept, shall forfaite and lose for everye Moneth so keping him ten poundes ; Provided that no suche Ordinarye or their Ministers shall take any thinge for the said Allowaunce; and suche Scholemaster or Teacher psuminge to teache contrarie to this Acte, and beinge thereof lawfullye [convicted,'] shalbe disabled to be a Teacher of Youth, and shall suffer ymprisonment without Baile or Maineprise for one yeare.

And be yt likwise enacted, That all and everye Offences againste this Acte, or against the Actes of the firste fifte or xiij yeares of her Ma"* Raigne towching acknowledging of her Ma"* supreme Govemement in Cawses Ecclesiasticall or other Matters towchinge the Service of God, or coming to Churche or Establishement of true Religeon in this Realme, shall and maye bee inquireable aswell before Justices of Peace, as other Justices named in the same Statutes, within one yeare and a daye after everye suche Offence comitted ; Any Thinge in this Acte or in any other Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

VII. Justices of Assise may try all Offences under this Act; and Justices of Peace all except Treason or Misprision.

Minor Offenders pardoned 011 Submission.

Be yt likewise enacted, That Justices of Oier and Terminer and Justices of Assise and of Gaole Delyverye in their severall lymittes, shall have power to enquier heare and determine of all Offences againste this Statute, and Justices of Peace in their open Quarter Sessions of Peace shall have power by vertue of this Acte to enquier heare and determine of all Offences againste this Acte, (excepte Treason and Misprision of Treason) : Provided alwaye, that everye pson guiltie of any Offence againste this Statute, other then Treason and Misprision of Treason, which shall before he be thereof indicted, or at his Arrainement or Tryall before Judgement, submit and conforme himselfe before the Bisshop of the Diocesse where he shalbe resident, or before the Justices where he shalbe indicted araigned or tried, (havinge not before made like submission at any his Tryall being indicted for his firste lyke Offence,) shall uppon his Recognicion of such Submission in open Assies or Sessions of the Countie where suche person shalbe resident, be dischardged of all and everye the said Offences againste this Acte, (excepte Treason and Misprision of Treason,) and of all Paynes and Forfeytures for the same.

Offenders not paying Penalties shall be committed.

IX. Proviso for Persons having Divine Service in their Houses.

X.

Fraudulent Conveyance* to defeat Penalties, declared void.

XI. Peers shall be tried by Peer*.

XII. Proviso for Ecclesiastical Censures.

And be yt likewise enacted, That all Forfeytures of any sommes of Money lymited by this Acte, shalbe devided in three equall partes, whereof one thirde parte shalbe to the Queenes Mat"' to her owne use, one other thirde parte to the Queens Ma"* for Releife of the poore in the Parishe where the Offence shalbe comitted, to be delivered by Warraunte of the principall Officers in the Receipte of the Exchequer without further Warraunte from her Ma"*, and the other thirde parte to suche person as will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde by Accfin of Debte Byll Plainte or Informacftn, in whiche Suite no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed; And that everrye pson which shall forfaite any sonnnes of Money by vertue of this Acte, and shall not be able or shall fayle to paye the same within Three Monethes after Judgement thereof gyven, shalbe comitted to pryson, there to remaine untill he have paied the said somes, or conforme himselfe to goe to Churche and there to doe as ys aforesaid.

Provided also, That everye pson whiche usuallye on the Sundaye shall have in his or their Howse the Devine Service which ys establyshed by the Lawe in this Realme, and be thereat himselfe or herselfe usuallye or most comonlye p*sent, and shall not obsdnatelye refuse to come to Churche and there to doe as ys aforesaid, and shall also sour tymes in the yeare at the leaste be p*sent at the Devyne Service in the Churche of the Pishe where he or she shalbe resident, or in some other open Comon Churche or suche Chappell of Ease, shall not incurre any Payne or Penahie lymyted by this Acte for not repayringe to Churche.

And be yt likewise enacted and declared, That everye Graunte Conveyaunce Bond Judgement and Execuc&n had or made since the beginninge of this Session of Parliament, or hereafter to be had or made, of covenous Purpose to defraude any Interest Right or Title, that maye growe to the Queene or to any other pson by meane of any Conviction or Judgement, by vertue of this Statute or of the said Statute of the said xiij yeare, shalbe and be adjudged to be utterlye voide, againste the Queene and against suche as shall sue for any parte of the said Penalties in fourme aforesaid.

Provided allwaye, That yf any Peere of this Realme shall happen to be indicted of any Offence made Treason or Misprision of Treason by this Acte, he shall have his Triall by his Peeres as in other lyke cases is accustomed.

Provided also, That neither this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned shall extend to take awaye or abbridge the Aucthorite or Jurisdice&n of the Eccleiasticall Censures for any Cause or Matter, but that the Archebisshoppes and Bisshoppes and other Ecctiasticall Judges maye doe and proceed as before the makinge of this Acte they lawfullye did or mighte have done; Any Thinge in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

1 convicte O.

M H

4j).1580-l.

23° Eliz. c. 2.

659

I

l

R

I*

at

i

a

rii

hi

n:

IB*

t*

ha

I*

r«

Bl

F

a

I

i

CHAPTER II.

An Acte against sedicious Wordes and Rumors uttered againste the Queenes moste excellent Majestie.

WHEREAS in and by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, alreadye made and ordeyned againste sedicious Wordes and Rumors uttered againste the Queenes moste excellent Ma"e, there ys not sufficient and condigne Punishement provided for to suppresse the Malice of suche as be evell affected towardes her Highenes : Bee yt therefore enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That yf any person or persons, after thend of sortie dayes next ensuinge the end of this psent Session of Parliament, shall advisedlye and with a malicious Intent, of his or their owne Imaginac&n, speake any false seditious and slaunderous Newes Rumors Sayengs or Tales againste our said moste naturall Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Majestie that nowe ys, that then all and everye suche pson and psons so offending, being thereof lawfullye convicted or attainted in fourme hereafter in this psent Acte expressed, shall for everye suche firste Offence, eyther be in some Market Place within the Shire Cittie or Boroughe where the sayd Wordes were or shalbe so spoken, set openlye upon the Pillorie by the Sheriffe or his Ministers, yf yt shall fortune to be without any Cittie or Towne Corporate, And yf yt shall happen to be within any Cyttie or Towne Corporate, then by the principall Officer or Officers of suche Cittie or Towne Corporate, or his or their Ministers, and there to have both his Eares cut of; or at the Eleccbn of the Offendour, paye two hundreth poundes to the Queenes Highenesses Use in her Majesties Receipte of the Exchequer, within two monethes next after the Judgement gyven of his said Offence, and also shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of syxe monethes after suche his or their Conviction, without Bayle or Maineprise.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and everye person and psons which after thend of the said sortie dayes shall advisedlye, and with a malicious Intent againste our said Soveraigne Ladye, reporte any false seditious and slannderous Newes Rumors or Tales, to the slaunder and defamac&n of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma"1 (that nowe ys), of the speaking or reporting of any other, that then all and everye suche person or psons so reportinge, being thereof convicted and attainted in fourme hereafter in this Acte expressed, shall for every suche firste Offence, eyther be in some Market Place within the Shire Cittie Boroughe or Towne where the said Wordes were or shalbe so reported, set openlye upon the Pillorie by the Sheriffe or his Ministers, yf yt shall fortune to be without any Cittie or Towne Corporate, and yf yt shall happen to be within any Cittie or Towne Corporate, then by the principall Officer or Officers of suche Cittie or Towne Corporate, or his or their Ministers, and there to have one of his Eares cut of; or at the Election of the Offendour, paye two hundreth Markes to the Queenes Highenesses use in her Mau" said Receipte of the Exchequer, within two Jdonethes next after the Judgement given of his sayd Offence, and also shall suffer ymprisonment by the space of three monethes after suche his or their Conviction without Bayle or Maineprise.

And be yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any pson or persons, once lawfully convicted for any of the Offences aforesaid, do afterwards eftsones offende in any of the Offences aforesaid, that then everye suche secound Offence to be deemed and adjudged Felonye, and the Offendour and the Offendors therein to suffer suche paynes of Deathe and Forfeyture as in case of Fellonye, without any Benefitte of Cleargie or Sanctuarye to be alowed unto the Offendour in that Behalfe.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any pson or persons, after the ende of the sayd fortye dayes, eyther within this Realme or in any other the Queenes Dominions, or in any other place out of the Queenes Dominions, shall advisedlye and with a maliciouse intente againste our sayd Soveraigne Ladye, devyse and wrighte prime or setforthe, any manner of Booke Ryme Ballade Letter or Writing, conteyning any false sedicious and slaunderous Matter to the Defama£6n of the Queenes Ma‘" that nowe ys, or to the encoraging stirring or moving of any Insurrection or Rebellion, within this Realme or any the Dominions belonging to the same, or yf any pson or psons, after thend of the said sortie dayes, eyther within this Realme or other the Queenes Dominions or in any other place out of the Queenes Dominions, shall advisedlye and with a maliciouse intent against our said Soveraigne Ladye procure or cause any suche Booke Ryme Ballade Letter or Writing to be written printed published or set forth, and the said Offence not being punishable by the Statute made in the xxv'h yeare of the Raigne of King Edwarde the Thirde, conceminge Treason or Declarac&n of Treason, or by any other Statute wherebye any Offence ys made or declared Treason, that then everye suche Offence shalbe demed and adjudged Felonye, and the Offendors therein beeing thereof convicted and attaineted, shall suffer suche paynes of Deathe and Forfeyture as in case of Felonye ys used, without any Benefitte of Cleargie or Sanctuarye to be alowed unto the Offendour in that Behalfe.

And for that divers persons wickedlye disposed, and forgetting their Duetie and Allegiaunce, have of late not onlye wisshed her Ma"" Deathe, but also by dyvers meanes practised and sought to knowe howe longe her Highenes should lyve, and who should raigne after her Decease, and what Chaunges and Alterations shoulde therebye happen; To the entent that suche Mischeifes and Inconveniences as maye thereby growe in the Comon Weale, to the greate Disturbance of the same, maye be cut of and pVented; Be yt also enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That yf any person or psons, of what Estate Condic6n or Degree soever he or they bee, at any tyme, after the ende of the said

Penalty on deviling and speaking leditioui Rumours, See. against the Queen j 1st Offence, Pillory, and Loss of both Ears ; or Payment of .t'aoo and Six Months' Imprisonment.

II.

Penalty on reporting slanderous Tales against the Queen, from others,

I st Offence, Pillory and Loss of one Ear; or too Marks and Three Months' Imprisonment.

III.

Second Offences, Felony without Clergy.

nr.

Printing, writing, or publishing, (or causing so to be done) of any seditious Book, 4cc. (not being Treason under St. aj E. III. st. c. c. a. Sec. declared Felony without Clergy.

V.

Casting Nativities, or prophecying,&c. as to the Duration of the Queen’s Life, or who shall succeed to the Crown, or wishing the Queen’s Death, kc. declared Felony without Clergy.

660

23° Eliz. c.2.

A.D. 1580-1

VI. Offences shall be tried in K. B. or before Justices of Assise, &c.

Justices of Peace may inquire of Offences, and commit Offenders.

vn.

AH Felonies under this Act, sliaU be tried in K.B. wherever committed.

VIII. Limitation of Prosecutions for Words;

One Month, &c.

IX.

Mayors, &c. of Corporations, See. may commit and indict Offendors.

X.

Proclamation of this Act in all Counties.

XI.

Peers shall be tried by Peers.

Attainders for Felonies under this Act, shall not work Corruption of Blood, &c.

sortie dayes, and during the Lief of our sayde Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma'1' that nowe ys, eyther within her Highenesses Dominions or without, shall by setting or erecting of any Figure or Figures, or by casting of Nativities, or by calculadSn, or by any Prophecieng Witchcrafte Cunjurac&ns or other lyke unlawfull Meanes whatsoev1, seeke to knowe, and shall set forth by expresse Wordes Deedes or Writinges, howe longe her Ma" shall lyve or contynue, or who shall raigne as King or Queene of this Realme of England after her Highenesse Decease, or els shall advisedlye and with a maliciouse intent againste her Highenes, utter any manner of directe Pphecies to any suche Intent or Purpose, or shall malitiouslye by any Wordes Writing or Printing wishe will or desier the Deathe or Deprivac&n of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma* (that nowe ys,) or any Thing directlye to the same Effecte, That then everye suche Offence shalbe Felonye, and everye Offendour and Offendours therein, and also all his or their Aydours Procurers and Abettors in or to the said Offences, shalbe judged as Felons, and shall suffer (1) paynes of Deathe and [ Forfeyte as in Case of Felonye ys used, without any Benefite of Cleargie or Sanctuarye.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Justices of the Courte edmonlye called the Kinges Benche, Justices of Oyer and [Terminer,*] Justices of Assises in their severall Circuites, and Justices of Generali Gaole Delyverye aswell within Libties as without within the lymittes of their severall Comissions, shall by vertue hereof have full Power and Aucthoritie to enquier of and to heare and determine all and everye the Offences aforesaid; and that the partie indicted and araigned of any the Offences aforesaid, shall have advauntage of all manner of Chalenges to the Jurie as in Triall of Felonye ys used: And also that all Justices of Peace, aswell within Liberties as without, within the Lymittes of their severall Cdmissions, in their Generali or Quarter Sessions, shall by vertue hereof have full Power and Aucthoritie to enquier of all and everye the Offences aforesaid, and to cause the Offendour and Offendors therein to be indicted without any further Proceeding therein ; And that also everye Justice of Peace, within the Lymittes of his Comission, shall have full Power and Aucthoritie to comitte any pson beinge vehementlye suspected of any the said Offences to Warde, unlesse he doe put in Suerties to make his psonall Apparaunce at the next Quarter Sessions or Gaole Delyverie; and in Defaulte of finding suche Suerties, then to edmitte him to Pryson, there to remaine untill he shall finde Suerties for his Apparaunce as ys aforesaid.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all Offences made Felonye by this Acte, which hereafter shalbe done or comitted by any person or psons out of this Realme of England, shalbe from henceforth inquiered of hearde and determined before the Queenes Ma,k* Justices of her Benche for Plees to be holden before her selfe, by good and lawfull Men of the same Countie where the same Benche shalbe kepte, in like Manner and Fourme to all lntentes and Purposes as yf the same Offences had byne done and comitted within the same Countie, where they shall be enquiered of heard and determined; Any Thing to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That no manner of pson or psons shalbe molested or ympeached, for any of the Offences concerning speaking or reporting as ys aforesaid, unles he or they be thereof accused within one moneth next after suche Wordes so spoken or reported, before some one Justice of the Peace, and the Witnesses therein to bee used named to the same Justice, and the same Accusacon and Witness Names put in Writinge by the said Justice, and certified at the next Quarter Sessions or Gaole Delyverye; And unles suche Offendor also be indicted within one yeare next after his or their said Offence so supposed to bee comitted or done.

Provided also and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That everye suche Maior or Maiors Bailyffe or other Heade Officer of Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, which have or hereafter shall have Jurisdiction and Aucthoritie within the severall Lymittes of their Office or Offices, to holde and kepe Sessions as Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall and maye by the aucthoritie hereof aswell arest and edmitte to Warde or Baile in Manner and Fourme aforesaid, all and everye pson and psons being vehementlye suspected of any the Offences aforesaid, as also to inquier of all and everye the Offences aforesaid, and to pceed to the indictinge of everye suche Offendour without any further Proceeding therein ; Any Thinge in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided also and be yt enacted, That this psent Acte shalbe proclaimed in all the Counties within this Realme, before the ende of eight and twentie dayes next ensuing the end of this psent Session of Parliament; to the intent that all psons maye have Notice thereof, and thereby to avoide the Pill and Daunger that maye ensue by offendinge againste the same.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Peeres of this Realme and everye of them that shall hereafter fortune to be indicted of any the Offences aforesaid, shalbe tried by their Peeres, as before hathe byn accustomed in Cases of Felonye and Treason.

Provided also and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That this Acte nor any thing therein conteyned, nor any Attaindor or Attaineders of any pson or psons for any Offence or Offences made Felonie by this Acte, shall in any wise extend or be adjudged interpreted or expounded to make the Offendour or Offendors to forfeyte or lose

1 suche 0.

• forfaicture O. * Determyner 0.

23° Eliz. c. 2, 3.

661

A.D. 1580-I.

any Landes Teiites or Hereditamentes any longer then onelye during his owne Lief, or to make any Corupc&n of Bloode to any the Heire or Heires of any suche Offendour or Offendors, or to make the Wief of any suche Offendor to lose or forfeite her Dower or Title of Dower of or in any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, or her Acc&n or Intereste to the same; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned or any Attainedor or Attainedors hereafter to be had for any Offence or Offences made Felonye by this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons shalbe hereafter indicted or [attaineted'] for any Offence or Offences towching or concerning speaking or reportinge as aforesaid, unlesse the same Offence or Offences be proved by the Testimonye Deposic&n and Othes of two sufficient Witnesses, at the tyme of his or their Indictement; which said Witnesses also, at the tyme of the Araignement of the Partie so indicted, shalbe brought forth in parson before the Partie so araigned. Face to Face, and there shall openlye declare all they can saye againste the said Partie so indicted, unlesse the said Partie so indicted shall willinglye and without violence confesse the same.

And be yt likewise enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Statute of the firste and secounde yeeres of

King Phillippe and Queene Marye, entituled An Acte against sedicious Wordes and Rumors, and one other Acte of

Parliament made in the firste yeare of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma"' that nowe is, whereby yt ys pvided and enacted That the said former Acte shall extende to and for our said Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma* that nowe ys, and every Clause Article and Sentence in everye of the said Actes and Statutes, shall, from and after the Proclamation of this Acte, be repealed and voide to all Intentes and Purposes, for so long tyme as this Acte shall contynue in full Strength and pfitte Force.

And be yt lykewise enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That this Acte nor any thing therein conteyned shall

have Continuaunce or be in Force for any longer tyme then onelye during the naturall Lyes of our said Soveraigne

Ladye the Queenes moste Excellent Ma"' that nowe ys; whome God longe pserve to his Glorye, her Highenes Honour and Safetie, and to the Comon Wealth of all her Majesties Dominions. Amen.

XIII.

Offences by speaking, &c. shall be proved by Two Witnesses, confronted with the Accused.

XIV. i & a P. & M. c. 3} i Eli*, c.6. against seditious Words, repealed, during Continuance of this Act.

XV. Continuance of this Act; the Queen’s Life.

CHAPTER ID.

An Acte for the ReformacSn of Errours in Fynes and Recoveries.

FOR the appeasing of Suites, the avoyding of false Practises Deceiptf Devises and Misdemeanors, and for helping of Negligences and Misprisions of Clerkes and Officers, daungerouse to Assurauncf of Mens Landes and Hereditamentes; Be yt enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma"' our Soveraigne Ladye, the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and by the Aucthoritie of the same, That everye Write of Coven'nte, and other Write whereupon any Fyne heretofore hathe byn levyed or hereafter shall bee levied, the Returne thereof, the Writte of Dedimus Potestatem made for the knowledgeing of any of the same Fynes, the Returne thereof, the Concorde Note and Fote of everye suche Fyne, the Prodamac&ns thereupon, and the Kinges Silver, And also everye Originall Write of Entrye in the Poste, or other Write whereupon any Conton Recoverie hathe byn suffered or hereafter shall be suffered or passed, the Writtes of Sum ad Warrantizand, the Retumes of the said Originals and Writtes of Sub ad Warrantizand, and every Warraunte of Attorney, had or to bee had aswell of everye Demaundaunte and Ten*nte as Vouchee extaunte and remayning or that shalbe exiaunt and in being, maye upon the Requeste or Elecc&n of any person bee broiled in Rolles of Parchement, by suche persons and for suche Considerac&ns as hereafter in this Acte shalbe menc&ed; and that the Inrolmentes of the same, or of any parte thereof, shalbe of as good force and validitye b Lawe to all Intentes Respectes and Purposes, for so muche of any of them so broiled, as the same bebg extaunt and remayning were or ought by Lawe to bee.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That no Fyne, Pclamac&ns upon Fynes, or comon Recoverie, heretofore had levied suffered or passed or hereafter to bee had levied suffered or passed, shalbee reversed or reversable by any Writte of Errour, for false or incongrue Lattin, rasure, enterlining, misentring of any Warraunte of Attorney or of any Proclamac&n, misretuming or not returning of the Sheriffe, or other wante of fourme in Wordes & not b matter of Substaunce.

Provyded allwayes, That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned, shall barre or exclude any pson or psons from any Write of Errour, whiche shalbee had taken or pursued within fyve yeares next after the end of the Session of this psent Parliament, upon any Fyne or Recoverye heretofore had or suffered; nor from any Writte of Errour whiche shalbee had taken or pursued, upon any Fyne or Recoverye heretofore levied knowledged or had, whiche Fyne or Fbes Recoverie or Recoveries, or any parte or parcel 1 of them or any of them, nowe ys, or at any tyme before the firste day of June which shalbee b the yeare of our Lord God 1582, shall be exemplified under the Greate Seale of England, at and by the Suite of any person that ys or maye bee intituled to have or sue any Writte of Error upon

Writ* of Covenant and all Proceeding! in levying Fines, and Writs of Entry and all Proceedings in suffering Recoveries, maybe inrolled.

II.

Fines or Recoverie* shall not be reverted for false Latin, or Errors in Form.

III.

Proviso for Writs of Error sued, within certain Periods, on Fines or Recoveries already levied or suffered’.

1 arrayned 0.

8 F

662

23° Eliz. c. 3

A.D. 1580-1.

IV.

Proviio in Cue of Abatement of such Writs of Error, by Death of Parties.

V.

Date of every Acknowledgment of Fines, or Warrant of Attorney for Recoveries, shall be certified with the Concord, &c. within I z Months

No Writ of Covenant, 8ic. shall be received without the Date, Penalty,

Attornment upon Fines shall not be recorded, unless the Party appear in Court.

VI.

Office established for Inrollment of Writs for Fines and Recoveries;

Fees upon such Inrollments, See.;

Examination of Inrollments by one of the Justices;

Court of C. P. may fine Clerks, &c. for Neglect, fcc.

VII.

any the Fynes or Recoveries heretofore passed; nor to barre any Femme Covert, or any pson within the age of xxj* yeares, or any pson that ys Non compos mentis, in prison, or beyonde the Seas, of or from any Writte of Error to bee had or psecuted, for the reversing of any Fyne or Recoverye heretofore passed levied or suffered, so that suche Femme Covert or her Heires within seaven yeares next after y' she become sole, and suche pson within the age of xxj"* yeares or his Heires within seaven yeares nexte after hee shall come and bee of full age of xxj"e yeares. And suche pson that ys Non compos mentis within seaven yeares next after he shalbee come of sane memorie, and in defaulte thereof the heires of suche pson that ys Non compos mentis within seaven yeares next after the deathe of suche pson being Non compos mentis, And suche person in pryson or his Heires within seaven yeares next after the same pson shalbee at libtye, And suche pson beyonde the Seas or his heires, wiihin seaven yeares next after the retume of suche pson into this Realme of England, or the Deathe of the said pson yf he shall before his Retume dye in any forraine Countrye, shall sue take and psecute their Writtes of Errour, as their Cases severallye shall requier for reversing of any the said Fynes or Recoveries heretofore passed levied or suffered.

Provided alwayes and bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That yf any pson or psons shall, within the tyme and yeares afore mentioned, comence or sue his or their Writtes of Errour for the reversinge of any of the said Fynes or Recoveries heretofore passed, whiche Suite shall fortune to abate by the deathe of any the parties to the same, that then it shall and maye bee lawfull for his and their Heires, at any tyme within one yeare next after the said seaven yeares expired, to have sue and take their Writte of Errour for the reversing of everye suche Fyne and Recoverie j And yf suche Heire be an Infant within the age of xxj'" yeares, then within one yeare next after the full age of suche Infant; Any Thing in this pfeent Acte conteyned to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritye of this jpsent Parliament, That everye pson that shall at any tyme hereafter take the knowledge of any Fyne, or Warraunte of Attourney of any Ten*nte or Vouchee for sufferinge any comon Recoverie, or shall certifie them or any of them, shall [within '] the Certificat of the Concorde or Warraunte of Attorney certifie also the daye and yeare wherein the same was knowledged; and that no pson that taketh any suche knowledge of any Fyne, or Warraunte for any Recoverie, shalbe bounden or by any meanes inforced to certifie any suche Knowledge or Warraunte, excepte yt bee within one yeare next after the saide Knowledge taken; and that no Clarke or Officer shall receyve any Writte of Coven*nte or Writte of Entree, whereupon any Fyne or comon Recoverie ys hereafter to passe, unles the daye of the knowledge of the same Fyne and Warraunte shall appeare in or by suche Certificat; upon payne that everie Clarke that shall receyve any suche Writte, shall forfeyte for everie time that hee shall so offend, the summe of fyve poundes: And that no Atturnement in or upon any Fyne bee entred upon Recorde, excepte the partie mencioned to atturne therein firste have appeared in the Court, in pson or by Attorney, warraunted by the Hand of one of the Justices of the one Benche or the other, or of one Justice of Assise, upon a Writte of Quid juris clamat, quern redditum reddit, or Per que servicia, as the case requiereth; And that everie Entrie of Atturnament hereafter to be made, where there shalbe no Apparaunce as afore ys said, shalbee utterlye voyde and of none effecte, without any Writte of Errour or other meanes to bee used for avoyding thereof.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That there shalbee for ever one Office of the Inrollement aforesaid, which shalbee and contynue an Office for ever, called the Office of Inrollmentf of Writtes for Fynes and Recoveries, and that the Justices of the Common Plees for the tyme being (other then the Cheife Justice) shall have and take the care and chardge of and for the Inrollementes aforesaid, and shall have and enjoye the saide Office and the Disposic&n thereof; and in Considerac&n of their Chardges Payne and Travell therein, shall have and take the sommes of Money hereafter following, and no more ; that ys to saye. For the Inrollement and Examinac&n of everie Fyne, and the partes thereof before mencioned, the summe of vj s. viij d.; And for the Inrollment of the said partes of everye Recoverye and the Examination thereof, vj s. viij d.; And for everye Exemplification of the Inrollement of any Fyne, fyve shillinges; And for the Exemplification and Returnes of everie Writte of Entrie Summons [and Warratizands *] and Warrauntes, fyve Shillinges j And for the Searche of the Rolles of one yeare, iiij d.; And for the Coppye of one Sheete of Paper conteining xiiij lynes, iiij d. : And that the said Justices or one of them shall examine the Inrollementes of everye suche Fyne and partes of Recoveries, and forthwith after Examinac&n thereof, and ymmediatlye after the Inrollement of everye suche Fyne and partes of Recoveries, writte his name that so examineth with his owne Hand in the Rolle thereof; upon payne that the said Justices shall forfeyte to our Soveraigne Ladye the Queens Matie the summe of five pounde for everye tyme that they or some one of them shall make defaulte of suche Examinac&n, or writing of his or their name as afore ys said; And that yt shall and maye be lawfull to and for the Justices of the said Courte of Comon Pleas, from tyme to tyme to take order in all Things that shalbee convenient and nedefull for the Inrollementes aforesaid ; and upon Examinac&n in the said Court, to assesse suche Fyne or Amercement, upon any Clarke Sherife Deputye Attorney [or ’] other pson, for his and their Misprision Contempte and Negligence for not doing or misdoing in any Thing of in or concerninge the said Fynes and Recoveries, or any parte of them or eyther of them, as by the said Justices of the said Courte of Comon Plees for the tyme being shalbee thought meete and convenient; the said Fyne and Amercement to be estreyted amongest other Fynes and Amercementes of that Courte where suche Offence or Misprision shalbee committed.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That the Chirographer of Fynes of the Comon Plees for the tyme being for ever, shall writte and make or cause to bee written and made, for everye Countie where her Ma"" Write runneth, one Table wherein shalbe conteyned suche Contentes of everie Fyne that

,J ad warrantizand 0.

3 and 0.

Tenementf mendoned in any Fyne bee, the Name of everye Plaintife and Defordent, & of everye Mannor named in the ft Fyne yf any suche bee, and of the Townes and Places where the Tenementes in suche Fyne comprised doe lie;

4 And the firste daye of the next Tearme after the engrossing of everye suche Fine, shall fyxe everye of the said

Tables upon some open place of the Courte of Comon Plees, and so everye daye of the said Tearme during the tyme of sitting of the said Courte; And that the sayde Chirographer shall delyver to everye Sherife of everye Countye his Under Sherife or Depude, faire written in Parchement, a pfyte Content of the Table so to bee made for that Shire, in the Tearme that shalbee next before the Assises bee holden in the said Countye, or els meane betwene that Tearme and the said Assises; And that everye suche Sherife, to whome suche Parchementes with the Contentes aforesaid shalbe delyvered, the first daye of the next Assises after the Delyverye thereof unto him, and everye daye duringe the said Assises, shall fyxe and set up the same Writing undefaced in some open place in the Courte where the Justices of the Assise in that Countye shall sytte, and shall see the same to contynue there during suche tyme as the said Justices shall sytte there in Court; upon payne that everye Chirographer and Sherife offending against any Thing in this Acte conteyned, shall forfeyte to our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Mau* the somme of Fyve Poundes, the one Moytie whereof shalbee to the Queenes Ma"e her Heires and Successors, & the other Moytie to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoigne Proteccon or Wager of Lawe shalbee allowed ; And that the Chirographer for the tyme being, shall have and take for everye suche Content of everye Fyne so set downe in the Table aforesaid, iiij d.

I

k

a

h

And forasmuche as upon greate Examinac&n yt appeareth that divers Fynes & Recoveries have byn heretofore levied and suffered, of divers Mannors Mesuagf Landes Tents and Heredytamentes which sometyme were the Inheritaunce of George sometyme Earle of Kente, greate Graundefather to Henrye nowe Earle of Kent, in Use Possession Reverc&n or Remaineder, whereunto the saide nowe Earle of Kent p*tendeth Title in Use Possession Revercon or Remaineder, which yf they bee eroneus as ys ptended doe muche varie from the generall Cause and Mischeife for which this Statute meaneth to provide: Be yt therefore enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That neyther this Statute, nor any Thing therein conteyned, shall extend to take awaye any Writte of Errour, whereunto any pson or psons ys nowe or hereafter shalbee lawfullye intituled, for the reversing of the said Fynes and Recoveries or any of them, heretofore levyed or suffered of any of the said Mannors Mesuages Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentf, which late were any Parte or Parcell of the Inheritaunce of the said George sometyme Earle of Kent, in Use Possession Revercbn or Remainder; Any Thing in this Statute conteyned to the contrarye thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

■i Provided allwayes, and bee yt enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That yt shall be lawfull for the Justices

in Clerkes, aucthorised by their Warraunte, in the said severall Offices and Places where the same Recordes or any

> jt of them doe or shall remaine, to writte out or inrolle the same Recordes & everye parte thereof, without any

Thing to bee payed therefore; And that the said Recordes nor any of them, for the writing out or makinge the Rolles thereof by the Clerkes of the said Justices, otherwise then for the Examinac&n thereof by the Justices, shalbee ® brought or caried forth of the said Offices or Places.

ei And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That none of the Fynes or Recoveries heretofore

n levied passed or suffered, which shalbee exemplyfied under the Greate Seale according to the forme of this Acte,

te shall after suche Exemplificac&n had, bee in any wyse amended.

663

Chirographer shall prepare Tables of the Content! of Fine» in each County, and affix one Copy in the Court of C. P. and tend another to each Sheriff, to fix in Court at the Assizes.

Penalty, £$.

Fee, 4d. for each Fine.

VIII.

Proviso for Writs of Error on Fines and Recoveries by George late Earl of Kent.

IX. Writing and preserving the Records in the Office.

No Fine, See. to be amended after Exemplification.

P

y

M

C

r

k

0

i

k

i

i

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for the fortifieng of the Borders towardes Scotland.

FORASMUCHE as greate Care hath byn heretofore taken for Maynetenaunce of good Strength and Force upon the Borders and Frontiers against Scotland; and to the end that Inhabitauntes and Ten*ntes there might bee better able and more encouraged for the Defence of the same Borders, when any occasion should bee offered in that Behalfe, all Chardges of Subsidies and Taxes have byn forborne to bee layed or chardged upon the said Inhabitauntf; & for lyke respecte yt hath byn heretofore also used in divers Places within the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland & the Bisshoppricke of Durham, that dyvers and a greate parte of the Inhabitauntes there have enjoyed their Tenementes and Farmeholdes in dyvers favorable sortes and formes of Tenure; And for that the Queenes Mau* hath of late yeares byn oftentymes infourmed, by Reporte and Certificat of her principall Officers havinge Chardge of her Borders, that the Force of her said Borders both of Horsemen and Footmen are greately decayed, and lykelye daylye to growe weaker by manye occasions, and amonge other by Decaye and Ruine of sundrye the Habitaf&ns of those Borders, whereby the number of the auncient Inhabitauntes able for Service have byn deminished, and that parte of the same Habytac&ns Tenauncyes & Farmes have byn reduced rather to pasturing of Cattell then to the Maynteyn*nce of Men of Service; And that also in some partes the Ten*ntf and Inhabitauntes themselves have demynished their owne Strength, by deviding

Inhabitants of the Northern Counties, although exempted from Subsidy, ftc. neglect to keep their Houses there in Repair, See.

664

23° Eliz. c. 4.

,4.0.1580-1

Commissions under the Great Seal may be issued, to inquire into Decay of such Houses; and Insufficiency of the Tenants for defending the Borders;

Commissioners may order Owners, See. to repair such Houses

and take Measures for providing Horse and Arms

and for supplying Neglect or Deficiency of Tenants, &c.

and for compelling Sub-Tenants to assist the principal Tenants with Arms, &c.

their Howses and Farmes which were mete onelye for one able Householder and Famelye into the occupacbn of sondrye psons commonlye being their Children or other Kinsfolkes, so as by the smalnesse and meanenes of the holding, no one of them ys able to fumishe a Man for Service; And that also dyvers Owners and Ten*ntes upon the Borders have, for more gaine then they could have of naturall Subjectes, letten their Landes or Feedingf or some parte thereof to Scottishemen, thereby not onelye weakening the Strength of her Ma" naturall Subjectes but strengthninge Forreners: For Remedye whereof bee yt enacted by the aucthoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That the Queenes Ma,le shall and maye from tyme to tyme as neede shall requier, by Comission under the Greate Seale of England, make and appointe suche and so manye Comissioners as to her Ma"' shalbee thought convenient, gyving unto them or Syxe of them (whereof two to be of the Quorum) full power and aucthoride in all & everye of the saide Counties of Northumberland Cumbland West inland, and the Countye Palantyne of Durham, or in any one of them or in any parte of any of them, to enquier by the Othes of Twelve Men or moe, or by other good meanes according to their discretions, what Ten*ncyes and Howses of Habitacbns be synce the seaven and twenrith yeere of King Henrye the Eyght ruyned and decayed, and not held or occupied by Men able to serve as Horsemen or Footemen according to the auncient Duedes of those Ten*ncyes, and in Iyke Manner to examine and searche out the just or probable Causes of those Ruines & Decayes, and of the Wantes and evell Furnitures of the said Horsemen and Footemen, and to gyve Order and Direction for Reformacbn thereof with all speed reasonable; And to that end yf yt shall appeare to the said Comissioners or suche syxe of them as ys aforesaid that the Faulte of the said Ruynes or Decayes have byn onelye in the Lordes and Owners or their principall Officers, or in the Officers and Fartnours of her Ma"" Mannors Landes or Tenementes or any their Assignes, then the said Comissioners or suche syxe as ys aforesaid shall order commaunde & enjoyne as well her Ma" Officers Farmors or their Assignes, as others the Lordes and Owners and their Officers or Farmours, to reedifye or repayre the same Tentes and Howses of Habitacbn, and speciallye the capitall Howses and Barnekins within a convenient tyme at their owne Chardges, with restoring lyke quantities of Landes thereunto as with the same hath byn occupied in the said twentie seaventh yeare of King Henrye the Eyght, and shall sett paynes for everye defaulte of suche reedifieng or restoring in reasonable tyme, not excedinge one hundreth Markes for everie suche defaulte; And yf they shall fynde defaulte of Furniture of the Ten*ntes with Horse Weapon or Armour according to their Dueties then they shall by perswasion in Respecte of the Queenes Ma'1" Service and in Defence of their Natyve Countrye, treate with suche Lordes and other whom yt maye conceme, and the Freeholders Leassees or Tenauntes, for order to be taken by their mutuall Assentes for the renewing and contynuaunce of the said Service; and for wante of reasonable Conformitie on eyther part, maye enjoyne the said Lordes and all others under them, and also all the Queenes Ma"'* Officers Farmors and their Assignes, to give suche helpe as the said Comyssioners or suche syxe as aforesaid shall thincke fytt, towarde the enhabling of the said Ten*nte or Tenauntes to bee furnished according to the auncient duetye of the said Tenement, and to take order howe the said Tenaunte shall therebye be furnished and able for Service, and so to see that the same bee duelye executed ; and the said Comissioner shall take Bondes in good sommes to her Ma‘‘" use, of everye suche person of whome yt shall be requisite that the saide auncient Duetye of suche Tenementes respectyvelye shalbee furnished kept and executed, on payne of reasonable Forfeytures, not exceding fourtye pound for everye Defaulte, and shall assesse Fynes and set downe Paynes for suche Defaultes or wantes of Furniture as shall in that Behalf bee requisite; And yf the unhablenes of the saide Tenauntes shall be found to have growen or to growe hereafter by their owne default or Wilfulnesse, without just occasion, The said Comissioners or suche syxe of them as ys aforesaid, shall order injoyne and directe the said Tenauntes within some reasonable spedye tyme to fumishe themselves with Horse Armour and Weapon, or with Armour and Weapon, according to their auncient Usage and their uttermoste reasonable Abilytie, at their owne Chardges, without any Contribution of the Lordes but at their owne good Willes, upon payn to be expelled by the Lord Owner or Superiour Farmors or their Assignes, which so expelling shall place in suche holding or forme another Tenaunte that shalbe furnished and readye for suche Service as ys aforesaid, or else shall within one moneth gyve notice to the Comissioners or to the Warden of the same Marches of his not placing of suche Ten*nte, upon suche payne as the Comissioners or suche Syxe of them as ys aforesaid shall assesse, not exceding one hundreth markes; and the said Comissioners or Warden after suche Notice given, shall place one other Tenante sufficient for the Services aforesaid, and in her Ma" Landes by the Officers of the Revenewe, within some tyme to bee lymited: And the said Landlordes Owners Superior Farmors or their Assignes, and also her Ma'"* Officers, to bee also injoyned and bound upon some payne to cause the same to bee executed, and that a newe Ten*nte shalbe placed sufficiently furnished to hold the same: And further where yt shall appeare that within the space of thirtye yeares any Tenement or Habitacbn of Householde, which have mayneteyned any Horsemen or Footemen by auncient Usage or Service towardes the Frontiers, have byn by Tenauntes and Owners themselves or by any other meanes divided into sondrye Habitacbns, or the Landes thereunto belonginge distributed to other Tenauntes, whearebye any one principall Tenement so devided, or the same Tenemet with the Lande therewith nowe occupied, shall not bee able to mayneteyne the Inhabitaunte thereof to bee furnished according to the auncient Duetie of Service, That in suche cace the said Comissioners or suche Syxe of them as ys aforesaid, shall take order that for the p'sent tyme the psons which shall have the Use and Pfitte of any Part of the same Tenementes, or of the said Landes so withdrawen from the said principall Tenement, during the tyme of their p'sent Tearmes shall yearely contribute unto the principall Tenaunte there resyding to bee readye and furnished for the said Service, some reasonable yearelye Ayde by Money, or otherwise towardes his Furniture meete for Service.

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 4.

66.1

'•ft

«#

t

t

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

I

t

h

k

ii

in

ki

1h

«,>

fca

ei

Ml

)B» 190 R«

ts:a

5s*

l*>

is*

1*

is

i*

Provided alwayes, That whearc the said Comissioners or suche syxe as aforesaid, shall fynde that meanc or

Undertenauntes having particuler Estates over the Tertenaunt (other then the Lordes and Owners) have byn cause

of any suche decaye, In those cases they shall order and compell all suche persons meane (which from under the Lord [or1] the Base or Tertenaunte shalbe founde to have byn cause of suche decaye) to contribute towardes the reedifieng or repayring of any Tenement ruined or decayed synce the tyme of their Intereste in the p'misses, and also to

the helpe of the Furniture of the Partye so decayed; and shall also cause them to bee bounde duringe their

perdculer Estates to observe the Order of the said Comissioners to bee taken as ys aforesaid, towardes the said Tenauntes Inhabitauntes and Service.

And because divers persons being Lordes and Owners, and others also that have particuler Estates under the said Lordes and Owners, which are by the said Comissioners in dyvers cases above mencioned to bee chardged with the Contribuc&ns above mentioned, maye bee absent out of the parties wheare the said Comissioners shall have aucthoritie to execute the said Comission, and shall not appeare upon Sommons and p*ceptes and shall have no Landes or Tenementes within the Jurisdice&n of the said Comission, to satisfye suche Paynes or Amercementes as shalbe set upon them to performe their Order ; in suche Cases the Comissioners or Syxe of them as ys aforesaid, shall estreate the same Paynes and Amercements into the Exchequer, in lyke manner as Justices of Peace ought to doe for Fynes and Amercementes taxed or set before them ; And thereupon the Barons and Courte of Exchequer shall use all good Diligence to pcure the levyeng thereof, upon the Parties amearced or that shall forfeyte paynes, in any parte of the Realme wheresoever the said Partie shall remayne, and upon the same aunswered by any Sherife or other Officer, the same shalbee payed by order of the principall Officers of the said Exchequer to the Comissioners or some of them, to bee by them aunswered to suche to whome the same shalbee due, without further Warraunte from her Majestie for the same.

Provided also. That where the Comyssioners, or any suche Syxe of them as aforesaid, shall fynde that any

Thing ys and ought to bee done for the furtheraunce of this Service in any of the p'misses in the Queenes Ma'K’

Chardge in respecte of any her Landes Lordships or Tehtf, or of any Thyng taken by any Officers of her Revenewe, or by any other pson attending upon the said Officers or Ministers, or by any other meanes to their owne Use; In suche cases the said Comissioners or suche Syxe as aforesaid shall certifie to the Lord Treasourer Chauncelour and Barons of the Exchequer their Direcc&ns and Orders, conceminge the Contributions by them reasonably thought meete to be made in her Ma"" Behalfe, or by any her Officers or Ministers; to the Intent the said Lord Treasourer Chauncelor and Barons, or any two of them, whereof the Lorde Treasourer or Chauncelor for the tyme beyng to bee

one, shall on her Mali" behalfe directe Warrauntes to her Ma,l" Receyvers of the said Countie, to make Payment and

Allowaunce according to the Order and Direction of the said Comissioners, without any other special! Warraunte from her Ma"* for the same; and they shall also compell all other her Ma"" said Officers and Ministers or their Deputies, that shalbe ordered by the Comissioners as aforesaid to make Contribuc&n as ys abovesaid, to make Payment and to satisfie the said Orders, in lyke sorte and manner as yf the said Orders and Directions weare decreed by the said Courte of Exchequer.

II.

For compelling Mesne Tenants to contribute towards Repairs, Sic.

III. How Fines of Absentees shall be estreated and levied.

IV.

Charges on Lands of the Crown, See. shall be paid by Receivers General under Order of the Lord Treasurer, &c.

Provided that the said Comissioners before they shall exercise the said Comission, shalbe sworne before the Commissioners shall

Lord Chauncelor of England, or before suche to whome the Lord Chauncellor shall directe a Writte of Dedimus Potestatem, or before the Justices of Assise in the Countie where they shall sitte, or before the Justices of Peace in the Quarter Sessions in the said Countie, according to the Tenour of an Othe conteyned in a Statute of the seconnd and thirde yeares of the Kaignes of King Phillippe and Queene Marye, made for the reedefieng of the Castellf and strengthning of the Borders within the foresaid Countye; (leaving out the Wordes (and all Saintes) expressed in the end of the said Othe) ; And that they shall have lyke Wages for themselves and Clearkes as ys in the said Statute also expressed, and the same to bee levied out of suche somes of Money as shalbee assessed by the said Comissioners, according to the Provision conteyned in the foresaid Statute of the seconde and thirde yeares of the Raignes of King Phillippe and Queene Marie, for the Allowaunce of the lyke Comissioners appointed to execute the said Statute.

be iwoni an under St.2,jP.&M. c.i.

Provided also, That they shall have the lyke aucthoritie to make and directe Writtes pkeptes Warrauntes and p0Wcri^,f Sut other Comaundem'f, to all Sherifff Bayliffes Stewardes and all other Ministers Officers and Persons, to appeare i, 3 P. & M. e. 1. before them and to execute their Comaundementes, and shall in all Cawses have lyke aucthoritie to execute cxtended to tbi* Act. this Comission warraunted by this Statute, as by the said Statute of the second and thirde yeares of King Phillippe and Queene Marie was given for the execuc&n of the said Statute; And that the lyke Cdmissions shalbee made, in Causes requisite, by the Chauncellor and Officers of the Duchie of Lancaster, and by the Bisshoppe of Durham in the Countie Palantyne of Durham respectivelye, according as ys mentioned in the foresaid Statute of the seconde and thirde yeares of the Raignes of King Phillippe and Queene Marye for Commissions to bee made by them for execution of the said Statute.

Provided that the aforesaid Comissioners shall not by any their Order or Direction intermedle with any Landes nmv far the of her Ma"' or of any other person that are pWitlye in Lease or Demyse, or graunted by Deed indented in Writing, or Commi«noucn byCopye of Courte Rolle within any Mannor where of auncyent tyme the Custome hathe byn to graunte the same wnliTeuccs or

Copyholders.

1 unto 0.

Vot,. IV.

8 G

666

23° Eliz. c.4.

VIII.

All Orders of Commissioners valid, until altered.

IX.

Future Lessees shall be resident on the Lands demised, &c.

X.

Commissioners shall determine on Complaints against Lords, or Tenants of the Crown, See.

XI.

Act shall endure for the Queen’s Life.

XII.

a & 3 P. &M. c. i. for reedifjring Castles, &c. revived and continued for ao Years, ice.

XIII.

Commissioners shall not interfere with Tenants of any Lord, furnished by him for Service on the Borders.

A.D. 1580-1.

Landes by Copye of Courte Rolle ; but that the same Leassees by Indenture, and Coppye Holders shall continue, at the pleasure of the Lessors or the Graunters of the said Coppye or their Heires, as before the making of this Statute they might have done; and yet yf heretofore the said Landes so leased by Demise or graunted by Coppye of Courte Rolle, shall appeare to have byn chardgeable to Service, and that the auncient Tenauntes thereof have usuallye done Service for the Borders, and in the said Indentures or Copies, or in the Court Rolle whereof the same are Copies, there bee no Covenauntes or Clauses nor otherwise any Bondes taken for the said Services to bee done and perfourmed, In these Cases, for reviving or furtherance of the said Services, the said Comissioners or suche Syxe cf them as ys aforesaid shall, uppon due Examinacbn first had and Triall made, take order eyther with the Lordes and Lessors or with their Officers, or with their Tenauntes, or with bothe of them, to cause any Tenementes ruined or decayed to bee reedefied or repayred as ys before lymited, and also to cause the said Service or Services to bee revived and mayneteyned for the Defence of the said Borders, eyther by speciall Covenauntes to bee conteyned in Writing betwixte the said Lord and Tenaunte, or otherwyse.

Provided also and bee yt enacted by the aucthoritie of this Parliament, That all Orders to bee set downe by the said Comissioners by vertue of this Statute, and by aucthoritie of the said Comission or Comissions or any of them, shall stande and be in force to continue; excepte the same shalbee by themselves or suche Number of them as ys above lymited, or by other Comissioners aucthoryzed by her Ma* according to the forme of this Acte, upon Examinacbn and good Consideracbn, and upon calling all psons interested before them to bee harde, otherwise altered or chaunged in the whole or in parte.

Provided also that hereafter all Farmors or Leassees that shall have Interest hereafter, in any Landes Tents or Hereditamentes within the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland West nil and and the Bysshoprike of Durham or in any one of them, by vertue of any newe Lease to bee made after the end of this Session of this Parliament, shall psonallye dwell upon the said Landes and TeStes, being Howses of Habitac&n, or els shall personallye be resident and dwelling in and upon some other Howse and HabitauJn within one of the said Counties, and shall appoynte and assigne a meete pson to inhabite upon the said Farme or Tenement so demised, in suche sorte as the Inhabitaunte maye reasonable lyve thereupon, according to the qualitie of the Farme, and shall perfourme the said Service ; And yf the said Farmor shall departe out of the said Counties, to dwell or reside in any other place, he shall within one twelve monethes after his Departure, surrender his said Farme to him or them that then shall have the immediate Reversion or Remaind, so as hee maye demise the same to the aforesaid Inhabitaunte afore assigned, or to some other to bee resident and dwell thereupon, and kepe hospitallytie meete for the quallytye of the said Farme, for the better replenishing of the said Countries with People; or els it shalbe lawfull for him or them that shall have the ymmediate Reversion or Remainder after suche twelve Monethes, and his Absence continuynge so long, to reenter as though the said Lease weare determined.

And bee yt enacted, That upon cause notoriouslye given by any Lordes or Owners or their Officers, or by any her Mau" Officers Farmors or their Assignes, to the hindraunce of the said Service as ys aforesaid, and upon Complaynte made thereof to her Ma,ie, or to her Comissioners or any of them, or to the Wardens of the Borders, the said Comissioners or suche Syxe of them as ys aforesaid that then shall have their Comission in force, or in defaulte of suche Comission then being in force suche other Commissioners to whome the Queenes Ma1* shall and maye upon the said Complaynte or Certificat from the Warden directe a new Comission, to the lyke sorte and nomber of Commissioners as in this Statute ys expressed, shall examine the Cawse or Complaynte of the Certificat, and shall take order betwixte the Lord and the Tenaunte, that by repayring of the same Habitac&n, and other helpes abovesaid, the Tenaunte maye bee able bounden and chardged to inhabite the same Tenement, and doe the Servyce upon the Borders according to his Tenure.

Provided also, That this psent Statute shall contynue during her Ma"" Lyes onlye, (whiche God long p>serve).

Bee yt also further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That one Acte and Statute made at the Parliament holden at Westm in the secounde and third yeares of the Raignes of the late King Phillippe and Queene Marie, intytuled An Acte for the reedyfieng of Castellf and Fortes, and for the inclosing of Groundes upon the Borders towardes Scotland, and everye Article Braunche Clause and Sentence therein conteyned, excepte the said Wordes (and All Saintes), shalbe from henceforth fullye revived; and shall have contynuaunce for and during the tearme of Twentie Yeares next ensuing the laste daye of this p*sent Session of Parliament, and from thenceforthe to the end of the Parliament then next following; And that the same Acte and Statute in everye behalfe shall from thenceforthe bee interpreted and expounded to extende as fullye and lardgelye to the Queenes Ma'* that nowe ys her Heires and Successours, during the said tyme for the good execuc&n of the same, as ever yt did or was ment to extend to the said late King Phillippe and Queene Marye; Any thing to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided nevertheles, and consideringe that the speciall purpose of the p>misses in this Acte conteyned ys to have the People and Inhabitauntes of the said Counties of Northumbland Cumbland and WestiQland, and of the said Countye Palantyne of the Bysshopprike of Durham, whiche of auncient tyme were accustomed and by the Customes of the said Countries are or ought to serve on Horsebacke or on Foote, for Defence of the Frontiers, to bee able for Service, and to bee readye furnished for the said Service; Therefore bee yt enacted, That yf the Lord

d by Gck

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

66 7

and Owner of any Tenement or Place of Habitac&n or Farme, whereupon any suche Tenaunte bounde by suche Custome to serve doeth nowe dwell, or where at any Tyme synce the xxvij"* yeare of King Henrye the Eyght any suche Tenaunt bounde by Custome to suche Service did dwell, shall place and cause to inhabite thereupon a Tenaunte able to serve on Horsebacke or on Foote, according to the auncient Custome of the same Tenement or Farme, and so for that purpose to bee alwayes when neede shall requier furnished for the said Service requisite, in suche Case the said Comissioners shall not by vertue of this Acte intermedle betwixte the Lord or Owner (1) therein to graunte to his Tenaunte, suche Estate and in suche sorte as lawfullye he might have done before the making of this Statute, so as the said Tenaunte bee, as above ys said, able and readye with Furniture to doe his accustomed Service when tyme shall requier for Defence of the Frontiers.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte towching Yron Milles neere unto the Cittie of London and the Ryver of Thames.

WHEREAS by reason of the late Erection of sondrye Iron Milles in divers Places of this Realme, not farre distaunte from the Cittye of London & the Suburbes of the same, or from the Downes and Sea Costes of Sussex, the necessarye Provision of Wood, aswell Tymber fytt for Building and other uses, as also all other felleable Woodes serving for Fewell, dothe daylye decaye and become scant, and will in tyme to come become muche more scarcer; by reason whereof the Prices are growen to bee verye greate and unreasonable, and in tyme to come will bee muche more yf some Remedye bee not pvided, to the greate Domage not onelye of the Inhabitauntes of the said Cittye of London and the Suburbes of the same, but also to all others the Queenes Ma"" moste lovinge Subjectes having occasion daylye from all partes of the Realme to repayre unto the same and the Places abovesaid; For Remedye whereof, bee yt therefore enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma'* the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p^sent Parliament here assembled, and by the aucthoritie of the same, That no pson or psons, from and after the Feaste daye of the Natyvitye of Saint John the Baptiste nexte coming, shall converte or ymploy or cause to bee converted or employed to Cole or other Fewell, for the making of Iron or of Iron Mettell in any Iron Milles Fumes or Hammer, any manner of Wood or Underwood nowe growinge or whiche hereafter shall growe within the Compasse and p>cincte of xxij myles from and aboute the Cyttye of London or the Suburbes of the same, or within xxij myles of the River of Thames from Dorchester in the Countye of Oxforde, downewardes the said River of Thames, nor within sour miles of the Foote of the Hilles called the Downes betwixte Arundell and Pemsey in the Countye of Sussex, nor within sour myles of any of the Townes of Winchelsey and Rye, nor within two myles of the Towne of Pemsey, nor within three myles of the Towne of Hastinges in the said Countye; upon payne to forfeyte for everye Loade of Woode so to bee employed or converted into Cole or other Fewell, for the makinge of Iron or Iron Mettell in any Iron Mille Furnace or Hammer as ys aforesaid, Fowrtie Shillinges of lawfull Money of England, the one halfe of all whiche Forfeytures to bee to our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma" and to her Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by originall Writte Byll Playnte or Information, wherein no Essoigne Protection or Injunction or Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted or allowed.

Provided allwayes, That this Acte shall not extend to any Woodes growing or to growe in any suche parte of the Weildes of Surrey Sussex or Kent, within the said twentye two miles of the said Cittye of London & the Ryver of Thames, as ys distaunte above eyghtene miles from the Cyttye of London and eight myles from the said River of Thames.

And be yt lykewyse further enacted, That fromhenceforth no newe Iron Woorkes shalbee erected within twentye two miles of the said Cyttye of London, nor within fourteene myles of the Ryver of Thames, nor within sour myles of the Downes aforesaid, or of the said Townes of Pemsey Winchelsey Hastinges or Rye, upon payne of One hundreth poundes of lawfull Money of England lykewyse to bee recovered and employed as ys aforesaid.

Provided also, That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned, shall extend to any Woodes or Underwoodes nowe standing or growinge, or which hereafter shall stand or growe, in or upon any Landes of Christopher Darrell Gentleman, in the Parishe of Newdigate, within the Weilde of the Countye of Surrey; whiche Woodes of the said Christopher have heretofore ben and be by him ^served and coppysed for the use of his Iron Woorkes in those Partes.

1 and the Ten*nte; but that yt maye be lawfull for the saide Lorde or Owner 0.

Consumption of Wood is Fuel for Iron-Mills lately erected near London, lie.

Wood growing within 22 Miles of London, &c. shall not be employed as such Fuel.

Penalty,

40s. per Load.

II.

Exception as to Wilds in Surrey, Sussex, and Kent.

III.

New Iron Works shall not be erected near London, &c.

IV.

Proviso for Woods of Christ'Darrel.

668

23° Eliz. c. 6,7.

A.D. 1580-1

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the repayring of Dover Haven.

H°rboPair'ff)the "TX7 WHEREAS the Marchauntes of this Realme, and other passing thorowe the narrowe Seas, susteyne yerely greate

a Tonnage Duty"' ’ ▼ domages for want of convenient Harbour upon the Coast of the said narrowe Seas, whereunto they maye

of|d. andD^uesof enter to avoyde immynent Daunger of Tempestes Pyrates or the comon Enemye in time of Warre; Her Ma,ie myndyng of Sea-Coal and°n to provide for their Safetye, understandyng by the Lordes of her Honorable Privye Counsell and other, that Dover made^payable was the moste convenient place for Harbour, and that skilfull Men have contrived a probable Plat, and undertaken for Seven Years. the fynishing and perfecting thereof for a competent summe of money; In accompli..ing whereof, aswell her Majestie of her Highenes Lyberalitye, as the Inhabitauntes of the said Towne of Dover to their Abilitye, have alreadye bestowed greate sommes of money in and about the same: Nowe for the better furtheraunce and fynishing thereof, Be it enacted by the aucthoritye of this p>sent Parliament, That for everye Shippe Vessell or Crayer, whereof any of her Ma0* Subjectes shalbee Owners or parte Owners, of the Burden of Twentye Tonnes or upward, loading or discharging within this Realme, and passing to or fro any forren Countrey, during the space of seaven yeares next commyng from sortie dayes after the end of this Session of Parliament, there shalbee payed for everye suche Vopge, by the Master or Owner of suche Shippe Vessell or Crayer the summe of iij d. for everye Tonne of the Burden of suche Vessell or Crayer (excepte Vessells laden with Seacoale or Grindstones) & for everye Chadron of Seacoale or Grindstone, Peny halfepeny; the same to bee payed unto suche Customer or Customers or Collector of Customes or Subsidies with whome the entrye shalbe made, or their Deputies within this Realme, from whence suche Shippes shall come, or where suche Shippe or Shippes or any of them shall arrive, before they loade or unloade suche Goodes within the Realme, taking of the said Customer Officer or Deputye a Writing testifyeng the Receipte thereof to the said use, for which Writing he shall paye nothing; The said sommes so to bee collected, to bee payd over by suche Customer or Officer to the Receipte of her Mati" Exchequer, and to bee from thence delivered to the use aforesaid, by Warraunte of the Lord Treasurer or Chauncelor of the Exchequer for the tyme being, without further Warraunte from her Ma*; the Accompt of the number of the said Tonnes to bee made according to the entrye of everye suche Shippe Vessell or Crayer in the Custome HowSe: And that no Entrye of suche Vessell shalbe receyved or allowed in any Office of her Ma"c' Customes or Subsidies, without true Information by the Othe of suche Owner Master or Shipper, concerning the Burden of suche Shippe Vessell or Crayer, nor without or before payment of the Summes aforesaid by the Shipper Master or Owner of suche Shippe Vessell or Crayer, of which payment the said Maister Owner or Shipper shall have Allowaunce of the Marchauntes according to the rate of the Goodes in suche Shippe Vessell or Crayer by waye of Average; And that everye Customer or Officer in whose wilfull defaulte the said somes shall not bee truelye collected and aunswered as ys before appointed, shall forfeyte to the use aforesaid Tenne Times as muche as so shall not bee collected or aunswered by his wilfull Default, to be recovered by the Maior and Jurates of the Towne of Dover to the said use, against suche Customer or Officer by Accon of Debtc in any Courte of Recorde, In whiche Acc&n no Essoyne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the encrease of Mariners, & for the mainten*nce of Navigac&n.

Evili resulting from Importation of foreign-cured Salt-Fish;

No Subject or Denizen shall import foreign-cured Fish or Herrings, on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof.

WHERE the Marchauntes and Fyshemongers of divers places of this Realme have, for their private Gaynes, gone and sent into other Countryes and forreine Realmes, and there ingrossed into their Handes greate Nombers and Quantitye of Fyshe taken by Alienes and Straungers, being in goodnes farre inferiour to the Fyshe taken by Englyshemen in the Island Voyages, and for the buying of the same Fyshe have conveyed and carried greate Masses of Money forth of this Realme, and have victualled and furnished this Realme with forraine Fyshe and Herring, the Subjectes whereof have byn accustomed in tymes paste to serve the same with Fyshe and Herringes gotten by their owne Travell, and divers other forraine Regions & Countries; by reason of whiche unnaturall Dealinges of the said Marchauntes and Fyshemongers, and usuall eating of Fleshe on the accustomed and usuall Fyshe dayes, there be of late decayed, not onelye the number of two hundereth sayle and more of good and serviceable Shippes which yerely traded to Island for taking of Fyshe in this Realme usuallye solde, but also a greate nomber of Mariners and Seamen fitt for the Service of her MaUt and her said Realme for the Defence thereof in tyme of Warres: For redresse whereof Be yt enacted by the Queenes Ma,ie our Soveraigne Ladye the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and the aucthoritye of the same. That yt shall not bee lawfull to .my natyve Englyshe man Woman or Denizen, at any tyme after the end of this Session of this Parliament, directlye or indirectlye by themselves their Servauntes Factors Agents Deputies or Friendes or any of them whatsoever, to goe or send into any other forraine Countrye Realme or Dominion whatsoever, for the buying providing or bringing into this Realme, out or from any the said forraine Reahnes or Dominions out of the Queenes Obeysaunce, of any salted Fyshe or salted Herringes; nor shall make any Agreement with any Alien or Straunger or any other for suche bringing into this Realme by any Alien or Straunger of any salted Fyshe or

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 7.

669

t

salted Herringes; and that no salted Fyshe nor salted Herringes, shalbe brought hither out of the said forraine Realmes and Dominions but by the meere Owners thereof, or Deputies of them being Aliens and Straungers, without the Procurement of any Subjecte of the Queenes Ma* her Heires or Successors or of any Denizen, and by none other person or psons ; upon payne that suche Englyshe Person or Denizen offending againste this Acte shall forfeyte the same salted Herringes and salted Fyshe or the Valewe thereof, the one Moytie whereof shalbee to the Queenes MaUe her Heires and Successors, and the other Moytie to him or them that shall firste seyse the same Fyshe or Herringes or firste sue for the Valewe thereof, by AcftSn of Debt Byll Playnte or Informacbn, wherein no Essoigne Protec c6n or Wager of La we shalbe allowed.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yt shalbee lawfull for all and everye her Ma"" Subjectes, being Owners of any Shippes Barkes [and'] Vessells, to receyve and take into their said Shippes Barkes and Vesselles sayling with crosse Sayles, any Herringes or other Fyshe, which any Alien or Straunger shall buye and provide of anie her Ma*" Subjectes within this Realme; And the sayd Herringes and Fyshe or any of them maye transporte into any partes beyonde the Seas in their said Shippes or Vessells withe crosse Sayles; so as the said Aliens or Straungers paye to her Ma* her Customes and Dueties for the same.

And bee yt further enacted, That all Aliens and Straungers shall fromhenceforthe and from tyme to tyme paye to her Ma* for all salted Fyshe and salted Hearring to bee brought into this Realme, all suche lyke Customes and Impositions as are or shalbee imposed and sett upon anie her Ma* Subjectes, in those Forreine Regions and Countries Portes and Townes from whence the said salted Fyshe and salted Herringes shalbee shipped and brought, for the lyke Fyshes and Herringes, over and besydes the ordinarye Customes which have byn payed to her Ma* for the same.

Provided alwayes and bee yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That yf any person or persons shall doe suffer cause or procure anie fraudulent deceiptfull or collerable Acte whatsoever, whereby any parte of this Acte before mentioned shall or maye bee colourablye fraudulently or deceiptfullye avoyded or frustrated contrarye to the intent thereof, That then everye person so offending shall forfeyte and lose for everye suche his Offence, the summe of two hundreth poundes, the one moytie whereof shalbee to our Soveraigne Ladye her Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde, by Byll Playnte or Information wherein no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed: And that yf any Alien or Straunger shall wilfully conceale any Acte or Thing whatsoever to bee done, to the deceyving colouring or defrauding of any Braunche or Article of this Estatute before mentioned, that then everye suche Alien and Straunger shall forfeyte and lose for suche Offence to the Queenes Ma"* his Shippe and Vessell and all that thereunto apperteyneth, to be seised to her Ma* use by any her Ma" Subjectes: And moreover, that yf any Alien or Straunger borne shall bring into any Haven Port Creeke or Towne of this Realme, any Salte Fysh or Salt Herringes which shall not bee good swete seasonable and meete for Mens meate, and shall offer the same to bee solde, and shalbee warned by any Officer of suche Porte Haven or Towne (where the same shall bee offered to bee solde) that the same bee not seasonable nor meete for Mens meate, that then yf hee or they with their said Fyshe shall after that offer any of the said unseasonable Fyshe to bee solde to any person within this Realme, or shall not departe with the same from the said Haven Port or Towne so soone as convenience will serve, that then all and everye person Owners thereof, shall lose and forfeyte to our said Soveraigne Ladye, all the said unseasonable Fyshe unmeete for Mans meate as before ys said.

(*) Provided alwaye, That this Acte or any thing therein conteyned, shall not extende or be (Pjudiciall to any providinge or bringing of Fyshe in or out of the Countrey of Island Shotland or Newefoundelande, or any the Partes or Seas thereunto adjoyning or on the Scottishe Seas, nor to any Fyshe that shalbee killed taken and salted by the Queenes naturall Subjectes; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided also. That yt shall be lawfull for all the Queenes Subjectes, nowe using the Trade of bringing in of Staple Fyshe & Lynges from beyond the Seas, to bring in Englishe Bottomes into this Realme, for the better supplye of present furnishing of this Realme with Victuall, all maner of Staple Fyshe and Lynges being good

and holsome for Mans bodye, during the Space of Three Teares next following the End of this Session of

Parliament; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And bee yt lykewyse enacted, That all Ordinaunces of the Fyshemongers of London or of any other Companye or Corporac&n whatsoever, made or to bee made for Restraynte of any person to take or sell Fyshe or buy or

provide any Fyshe of any Marchaunte or other within this Realme, shalbe repelled and voyde; And that everye

Person or Bodye Corporate that shall make or execute any suche Ordinaunce or Restrainte shall for everye suche Offence forfeyte one hundred Poundes, the one moytye thereof to the Queenes Ma* her Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to the Partie grieved that will sue for the same by Acc&n of Debte in any Courte of Recorde, wherein no Essoigne Ptecc&n or Wager of Lawe for the Defendaunt shalbee admitted or allowed.

1 or 0. • The Three following Clauses are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

II.

Subjects may export Fish in certain Ships.

III.

Duties on Foreign Salt-Fish imported.

IV.

Penalty on fraudulent Evasions of this Act, j£aoo.

Forfeiture of Aliens' Ships;

and of unsound Salt-Fish imported by Aliens.

V.

Proviso for Fish from Iceland, &c.

VI.

Proviso for Staple Fish and Ling, for Three Years.

Ordinances of Fishmongers of London, restraining Sale, Ac. of Fish, declared void.

8 H

670

23° Eliz. c. 8

A.D. 1 580-1.

Frauds in Sellen of Wax and Honey;

Penalty on mixing Wax with Rosin, lie. Forfeiture, or 2 s. per Pound.

II.

Melters of Wax shall mark the Cakes with then-initials.

HI.

Wares of wrought Wax shall be worked without Fraud, and marked.

IV. Corrupt Wax forfeited;

Barrels, &c. of Honey shall be marked with Initials of Filler’s Name.

Content of Barrels,

&c.

Corrupt Honey forfeited.

V.

Proviso for Wax of private Persons,

It i.

CHAPTER Vm.

An Acte for the true melting making and working ofWaxe.

WHERE by the goodnes of God this Land doth yeeld great plentie of Honye and Waxe, as not onelye (' ) dothe suffice the necessarye uses of the Queenes Mau' and her Subjectes to be spent within this Realme, but also a greate quantitie to be spared to be transported unto other Realmes and Countreys beyonde the Seas by waye of Merchaundize, to the greate Benefite of her Malle and the Realme; And yet nevertheles a greate parte of the Waxe made and melted within this Realme hathe byn founde to bee of late verye corrupt, by reason of the deceyptfull mixture thereof; and the Makers and Sellers of Honye also have not onelye used to put the said Honye in Caske of deceyptfull Assize, but have used also deceyptfull mixtures of the same : Be yt therefore enacted by the Aucthoride of this Psent Parliament, That everye person within this Realme or the Dominions of the same, which shall after the Feaste of Pentecost next ensuing, in the making and melting of Waxe, by any waye or meanes use or practise or cause to bee used and practized any manner deceypte, by myxture and mingling the same with Rosen Tallowe Turpentyne or any other deceyptfull thing, to the intent to sell and utter the same or offer the same to bee solde or uttered for Waxe to any person or persons whatsoever, shall forfeyte and lose the same mingled or corrupted Waxe; And yf the same corrupted Waxe shall happen to bee solde before suche Faulte and Corruption shalbe founde, that then the said Melter Myngler or Corrupter Causer or Procurer thereof, shall forfeyte for everye pounde. Two Shillinges ; whereof the one Halfe to the Queenes MaUc, the other Halfe to the Partye deceyved, yf hee will sue for yt, or any other Person that will sue for the same in any of the Queenes Mau" Courtes of Recorde.

And to the intent that the Offendors in these kind of deceyptes maye bee the better and sooner knowne and found out, Be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That everye Melter and Maker up of unwrought Waxe, shall have for himselfe a Stampe or Marke of the Breadeth of Sixe Pence, wherein Two Letters shalbee playnelye graven, signifieng his Name and Surname, and with the same shall stampe everye Piece of Waxe, to bee printed or stamped Triangle in three places, uppon the outsyde of the upper parte of everye piece so melted and cast; upon ’he payne to forfeyte the valewe of everye piece or cake solde or offered to bee solde, and not so stamped or marked.

And bee yt further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid. That no maner of person ne persons within this Realme or the Domynions thereof, shall from the said Feaste of Pentecos’e, melt myxe worke or sell any maner of wrought Waxe, Stuffe or Wares wrought with Waxe, as in Lightes Staftorches Red Waxe or Sealing Waxe Booke candle Searing candell Searing of dead Corpes Lynckes Greene Waxe Red Waxe, or any other worke or thing whatsoever to be done or wrought with Waxe to be put to sale, but with good holsome pure and convenient Stuffe meete in suche wares or worke in convenient quantytie to bee used ; And that everye person or persons, that shall worke or sell suche Stuffe or wares of Waxe, have a Marke Stampe or Seale to set on his or their Worke by him or them wrought or solde ; to the intent that yf any deceipte bee used or done, it maye be knowne who were the

Workers thereof, and suche person or psons as shalbe founde or knowne to worke or sell or to sale put any

suche false Waxe or Wares wrought with Waxe to bee put to sale, shall forfeyte and lose the same corrupted or deceyptfull Waxe and Wares j the one halfe to be to the Queenes Ma’" her Heires and Successors, and the other to the Partye deceyved, yf hee shall sue for the same (*) by Acc6n of Debte Byll Playnte or Informacbn in any the Queenes Ma"" Courtes of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That everye person and persons [whatsoever,’] which after the Feaste of Pentecoste [nextJ] aforesaid, shall sell or offer to be soulde any corrupted and false mingled Waxe, shall lose and forfeyte the said Waxe; the one moytie thereof to be to the Queenes Maw, and the other to the Partie

deceyved yf hee shall sue for the same, or otherwise to him or them that will sue for the same as ys aforesaid.

And that all Barrells Kilderkins and Firkins fylled with Honnye by the Maker and Fyller shalbe marked with two letters standing for his Name and Surname, eache Letter of an Inche and a halfe of length at the leaste, burnt upon the head of the Caske with a hote Yron, upon (J ) payne to forfeyte vjs. viijd. for everye Barrell Kilderkine Firken or Caske sould or offered to be soulde, and not so marked; and that yf any person or persons doe or shall, after the xxiiij Daye of Auguste next coming after the Ende of this Session of Parliament, fill and sell or cause to bee filled or soulde or offered to be solde, any Barrell Kilderkine or Fyrkyn with Honny, for or in the Name of a Barrell Kilderkine or Fyrkine, conteyning lesse then Thirtye two Wyne Gallons the Barrell, Syxtene Wyne Gallons the Kylderkine, and Eyght Wyne Gallons the Fyrkine, Everye person and persons so offending, shall forfeyte and lose for everye Halfe Gallon so lacking, v s. of Englyshe money: And everye person and persons that shall corrupte the Honny so solde or to bee soulde with any deceyptfull myxture, shall forfeyte the Barrell or Vessell and Honye therein conteyned ; the one moytie whereof to bee to our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Ma'", and the other to him or them that will sue for the same as aforesaid.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte, as towching the marking of Waxe, shall not extend to any person or persons selling the Waxe of their owne Bees in open Markettes in small peeces; nor to anie Servaunt or Servauntes or other persons myngling or corrupting anye Waxe by commaundement of their Master or other person having anctoritie over them, so as they will confesse the same.

1 hathe and O. 2 or otherwies to hym or them that will sue for the same O. 3 whosoever O.

* O. omits. 5 the 0.

Gou

A.D. 158<M. 23" Eliz. c.8, 9.

671

k

h

i

i

i

k

I

I

t

i

i

k

fa

■ (

>1

w:

life

•S3

F*

V'

:Q-

at

&■

kfc

*9

it’

«fe

IB

r*

.ft

*1

sc

F

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That yf any person or persons shall at any tyme hereafter counterfeyte any the Markes above mencioned, or shall setto the Marke or Markes of any other person or arsons without the Consent of the same person or persons whose names the said Markes shall sygnifye, that everye suche Offender in the pVnisses shall forfeyte for everye suche Default, fyve poundes; The one moytie thereof to bee to the Queenes MaUe her Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to the partie deceyved, yf hee will sue for the same, or otherwyse to any other person or persons that shall sue for the same by Byll Action or Information in any the Queenes Ma"* Courtes of Recorde, wherein no Essoine Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed for the Defend"; And for non sufficiencye of payment thereof, to bee sett on the Pillorye, in the next Market Towne to the place where such Offence shalbe comytted, and to suffer Three Monethes Imprisonment, without Bayle or Mayneprise, for everye Offence comitted contrarye to thys Article of this psent Acte.

VI.

Penalty on counterfeiting Mark., £S. or Pillory, See.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the abolisshing of certeine disceitefull Stuffe used in the dyeng of Clothe.

WHEREAS of late yeares there hathe byn brought into this Realme of England from beyonde the Seas, Deceit, in dying a certeyne kinde of Ware or Stuffe called Logwood alias Blockewood, wherewith dyvers Dyers Clothyers with Lo8wood * Hatmakers and others have and doe dye daylye divers Broade Clothes Karsies Woolles Penestons Bayse Cottons Hoseyame Hattes Cappes Flannellf Woodmals Mockeadoes Rashes Buffyns Tuste Mockeadoes, and other Things

Forasmuche as the Colours made w" the said Stuffe called Logewoode ats Blockewoode, ys false and deceiptefull,

and the Clothes and other Thinges therewith died are not onlye solde and uttered to the greate deceipte of the

Queenes loving Subjects within this her Realme of England, but also beyonde the Seas, to the greate discredite and

slaunder as well of the Maichauntf as of the Diers of this Realme : For Reformation whereof bee yt ordeyned enacted

and establyshed by the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye, and by the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and

the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same, That all suche Logwood ais All Logwood .hall

Blockewood, in whose Hands soever the same shalbee fownd after the Feaste of Sainte Michaell the Archaungell next burned'a^nd^one

ensuing, shalbee forfeyted and openlye burned by aucthoritie of the Maior or other Head Officer of the Cittie or Towne shiUdie^any Cloth

Corporate, or of two Justices of Peace of the Countie where yt shalbe founde; and that, from and after twentye dayes Logwood;

after thend of this Session of Parliament, no Person of what degree soever hee be, shall dye or cause to be died any

Clothe Wooll or any other of the pmisses above mencyoned, or any other Thing whatsoever, with any of the said

Ware or Stuffe called Logwood ats Blockewood, uppon payne that the Dier of everye suche severall Thing so died

shall forfeyte the value of the same Thing so died; The one Moitye to the use of the Queenes Ma" her Heires or

Successors, and the other Moytie to him that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt Byll Playnte or Information in

any Courte of Recorde, in which Suyte no Essoine Protecc&n Wager of Lawe, nor Writte of Priviledge for the

Defendaunte, shalbe admitted or allowed; and the partie offending being thereof convicted to remayne in prison

without Bayle or Mayneprise tyll he have satisfied the same value.

And where Clothes Karsies & Hosen have ben died with a Coloure whiche ys comonlye called a galled & cloth m.ddered mathered Blacke, or with a Couloure comonlye called a Shoomacke and mathered Blacke, whiche Coulers, althoughe

they carrye a shewe of a good true and perfitte couler of woaded and mathered Blacke, and of suche as doe buy the ^oad or blue Inde. said Coloures eyther in Clothe Karsie or Hose taken so to bee, notwithstanding in proofe and wearing prove contrarie, to the greate deceypte of the Queenes Subjectes and discrediting of the Clothe and other Thinges so died:

For Reformacon whereof bee yt enacted, That no kynde of Clothe or Clothes Karsies Bayse Fryseadowes, broade or narrowe, Hosen or other Things beeing in the nature of Cloth, shall from henceforth bee mathered for a Blacke, excepte the same bee firste grounded w"1 Woade onelye, or w01 Woade and a Nele ats Blewe Inde, unles the Madder bee put in with Shomacke or Gallys: and that from and after twentie dayes after thend of this Session of Parliament, no pson of what degree soever hee be, shall dye or cause to bee died any Cloth or Clothes or other Things abovesaid, of what kinde or nature soever, mathered for a Blacke, not having a grounde of Woade onlye, or of Woade and a Nele ats Blewe Inde, unles the Madder be put in with Shomacke or Gallys: upon payne that the Dier of everye suche severall Thing so died, shall forfeyte the value of the same Thing so died, the one Moytie thereof to the use of the Queenes Ma0' her Heires or Successors, and thother Moytie to him that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Byll Playnte or Informacon in any Courte of Recorde, in which Sute no Essoigne Protecc&n Wager of Lawe nor Writte of Priviledge for the Defendaunte, shalbee admitted or allowed, and the partie offending beeing thereof convicted, to remaine in Prison without Bayle or Maineprise tyll hee have satisfied the same value.

Provided alwayes, That yt shall and maye bee lawfull to dye all manner [of"] galled Blacke Shomacke Blacke ais pTOyx%^}]j p,i]ed playne Blacke, wherein no Mather shalbe used as heretofore lawfullye hathe byn done; This Acte or any Thing Black., «cc. therein conteyned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

1 O. omits.

672

23° Eli z. c.9,10.

A.D. 1580-1.

IV.

Dyers shall seal Cloths maddered and not woaded, with a Seal of Lead marked M., &c.

(') Provided alwayes, That everye Dyer that shall, after the Feaste of Pentecost next ensuing the end of this Session of Parliament, dye any of the said blacke Clothes Karsies or Friseadowes, mathered and not woaded, shall before hee delyver any of the same for the of his Handes fyxe a Seale of Leade to everye of them, in which the Letter M. signifieng mathered shalbe conteyned; upon payne that everye Dyer offending to the contrarye, shall forfeyte for everye yarde of the sayd Clothe Karsies Bayes or Fryseadowes (1) mathered and not woaded, after the said Feaste of Pentecoste, and shall not firste gyve notice to the Buyer thereof that the same ys not woaded, shall forfayte also the double value of all suche Clothe Karsies Bayes and Friseadowes, as hee shall so sell, whiche Forfeytures shalbee to the parde that shall sue for the same in any Courte of Recorde, by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Informac&n, wherein no Essoigne Protec c&n or .Wager of Lawe shall lye.

For p re scrying Pheasants and Partridges;

Penalty on taking or killing Pheasants by Night, 20 s. Partridges, iob. or Imprisonment for One Month, and Surety for Two Years.

Application of Penalties.

II.

Penalty on hawking or hunting with Spaniels in standing Corn, 40 s.

IH.

Justices of Peace in Sessions, Ac. may hear and determine Offences, &c.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the preservacon of Fesauntes and Partridges.

WHERE the Game of Fesauntes and Partridgf is within thes fewe yeres in manner otterlye decayed and destroyed in all partes of this Realme, by meanes of suche as take them with Nettes Snares and other Engins and Devices, aswell by daye as by night; and also by occasion of suche as doe use Hawking in the beginning of Harvest, before the younge Fesauntf and Parteridgf be of any bygnes, to the greate Spoyle and Hurte of Come and Grasse then standing and growing in the Feildf: For Reformacbn thereof Bee yt enacted establyshed and ordeyned by the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and by the aucthoritye of the same, That no manner of person or psons of what Estate Degree or Condic&n soev*, shall at any tyme or tymes, from and after the firste daye of Aprill next ensuing, take kill or

destroye any Fesauntes or Parteridgf, with any manner of Nettes Snares Ginncs Engins Rowsting Lowffing or

other devices whatsoev5 in the Night tyme; upon payne of forfeyture for everye Feasaunte so taken killed or

destroyed contrarye to the true meaning of this Acte the some of twentye shillingf, and for everye Partridge so

taken killed or destroyed the some of tenne shillingf : the whiche said Penalties & Forfeytures yf everye person or persons doe not paye within tenne dayes next after his or their Conviction, then to have one monethes ymprisonment without Bayle or Maineprise; and further over and besydes suche forfeyture or ymprisonment, to put in bonde with good suerties for the space of two yeeres, that he shall not take kyll or destroye any Partridgf or Fesauntes contrarye to the true meaninge of this Acte, the same Bonde to bee taken by some Justice of the Peace of the Countye where the said Offence shalbe comitted ; The one halfe of whiche said severall Forfeytures to bee to the cheife Lorde or Lordes of the Liberties Lordshippes or Mannors upon and in which the same shalbee soe taken killed or destroyed, And the other moytie to suche person or persons as will sue for the same in anye of her Ma'" Courtes of Recorde by Byll Plainte or InformaC&n, In whiche Sute no Essoigne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe alowed: Provided allwayes, that yf suche person to whome the one Halfe of the said Forfeyture ys appointed for the taking killing or destroyeng of Parteridges and Feasauntes contrarye to the tenour and true meaning of this Acte, shall dispence with Lycence or peure any taking killing or destroyeng of any Partridges or Feasauntes contrarye to the fourme of this Acte, That then all suche Forfaytures and Penalties as suche pson or psons shoulde have by vertue of this Acte, shalbe to the Poore of the Parishe where suche taking killing or destroyeng shalbe comitted ; And that to bee levied or recovered in maner and fourme aforesaid by any one of the Churchewardens of the pishe were the Offence shalbe comitted.

And bee yt likewise further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That no manner of pson or psons from and after the said firste daye of Aprill, shall hawke or with his Spaniels hunt in any Ground where Corne or other Graine shall then growe, (excepte yt bee in his owne Grownd,) at suche tyme as any eared or codded Corne or Graine shalbe standing and growing upon the same, nor before suche tyme as suche Corne and Graine shalbe shocked cocked hiled or copped; upon payne of forfeyture for everye tyme that he shall so hawke or hunt as aforesayde, (without the Consent of the Owner of the Come or Graine,) to suche pson or psons as shalbee Owner of the said eared or codded Come or Grayne, fortye shillingf, and the same to bee levied or recovered in manner and fourme aforesaid.

Provided alwayes and be yt further enacted by the aucthortie aforesaid, That the Justices of Assises in their Circuitf and Justicf of (1) Peace in everye Shire Countie and Towne Corporate within this Realme, in their Sessions within the severall lymittes of their Comission, and Stewardes of Leetes Lybties and Lawedayes within their severall Jurisdice&ns, shall and maye by vertue hereof heare enquier and determine of all and everye Offence or Offences whiche shalbee comitted within the p>cincte of their Libties Jurisdice&ns or Fraunchesies againste the tenour of this Acte; And further that everye Justice of the Peace within everye Countye of this Realme, shall within the lymittes of his Comission have Power and Aucthoritye by vertue hereof, to examine all Offendors in the pmisses within the Countye where hee ys or shalbee Justice, yf so be that the said Offence or Offences shall not before be harde or determined by the Justices of Assisse in their C.ircuites, or by the Stewardes of Leetes Libties or Lawdayes within their said severall Jurisdicf&ns, and also to take Bond with good Suerties for his and their Apparaunce that shall so offende to appeare

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* the some of iij s. iiij d. And that yf any parson shall sell any Clothe Carseye Bayes or Freseadoes 0. 1 the 0.

Gck.

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 10, 11

673

at the next Generali Sessions of the Peace to bee holden within the same Countie, where the same Offence shalbe committed, to aunswer the said Offence and to paye the Penalties, or receyve the Punishement by this Acte appointed or lymited.

Provided allwayes, That this Acte shall not in any wise extend to Lowebellers Tramellers or others, whiche shall pro¥i|0 f'r'gifd, unwillinglye happen to take any Partridges or Feasauntes by night, under any Tramell Lowbell Roadenette or other taken in Trameli, Engine, so as they and everye of them doe p>sentlye loose and let goe everye Feasaunte and Partridge so taken, *nd lel g0 ag"n-and suffer them plsentlye to flye and goe at lardge at the place where they shall happen so to bee taken, without willinglye killing or wilfullye hurting any suche Feasaunte or Partridge so taken in any manner of sorte; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

■*

'<4

St 1F*

*I‘

Oft

jtn

*BtW

sea e Cat

Ata aka kk ' hi

a tflx

Fac

i

iem

mi*

AffG* erCB t A*

ifas*

*ii

t#

It*

0*

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the reedifieng of Cardiffe Bridge in the Countie of Glamorgan.

WHEREAS the Bridge latelye standing upon the River of Toffe neere the Towne of Cardyffe, being an auncient Boroughe in the Countye of Glamorgan in Sowthwales and the onlye cheife Shiretowne of the same Countye, ys psentlye in utter Ruine and Decaye, and so hath contynued by the space of three yeres last past and more: By reason whereof divers the Queenes Ma"" Subjectes not onelye of that Countye and Neyghbourhood but also many Straungers travayling to and thoroughe the said Towne, being the onelye comon Porte Waye to all the rest of Southwales aforesaid, have utterly perisshed, and divers others hardlye escaped, to the great terror and ymminent pill of all suche as have occasion to travayle that waye, and also to the ympoverisheing and Hinderaunce of bothe the said Towne and Countrye thereabout ( and adjoyning thereunto, yf speedye Remedye bee not provided in that Behalfe ; And notwithstanding dyvers good pfitable Lawes and Statutes have byn heretofore in suche Cases moste charitablye provided, and especiallye one Acte intituled An Acte concerning repayring and amending of Bridgf in Highe Wayes, made at the Parlyament holden by progac&n at Westm the xvj daye of Januarye in the xxij yeare of the Raigne of our late dreade Soveraigne Lorde of famouse Memorye King Henry the Eyght, yet suche Doubtes and Ambyguities hath risen betwene the said Towne and Countye, towching certeine Woordes and Sentences in the same Statute, that more Money was lyke to be spent, in the explaning and determining of the same, then happelye might have suffised to have reedified the said Bridge; which being by this present Parham1 duelye considered, with the poore Estate of the said Towne of Cardyffe and the Unhabilytye thereof to pfourme so greate a Chardge, thoughe of Right the building of the said Bridge had properlye belonged unto them without all Doubte or Controversie : Bee yt therefore enacted and establyshed by the Queenes moste excellent Ma"' the Lordes Spuall and Tcmporall the Commons in this p>sent Parlyament assembled and by the aucthorite of the same, for the avoyding of further Controvlsies, That the said 1'owne and Countye shall joynctlye togeather after the rate and ^portion herein specified pceed to the reedifieng of the said Biidge, (that ys to saye) that the Countye shall allwayes bestowe fyve partes of the Chardgf thereunto belonging, and the Towne of Cardyffe one parte, and so for everye fyve poundes payable by the Countie by this Acte, the Towne of Cardyffe and I.ybries of the same shall allwayes stand chardged with Twentie shilling^, untill the whole summe be defrayed and the Bridge newelye reedified and builded.

And to the intent that overlonge Delaye maye not be used in setting forwardes of so necessarye and charitable a Worke, and also that the Countye maye have all necessarye and convenient Assistaunce in that Behalfe : Bee yt lykewise enacted by lyke aucthoritie. That the said Bridge shalbe whollye builded and finished within the space of two yeres next after the End Dissoluc&n or ^rogation of this psent Session of Parliament; upon payne of forfeyture of the some of One hundreth powndes for everye yeare after the said two yeares that the said Worke or Bridge shall happen to bee behind unfinished and unpfourmed, whereof the Countie shall alwayes lose and paye fourescore poundes, and (1) Corporac&n or Towne of Cardiffe twentye powndes ; The moytie whereof shalbe to the Queens Ma"% her Heires and Successours, the other moytye to him that will sue for the same in any the Queenes Ma"" Courtes of Recorde by Action of Debt Byll Playnte or Informac&n wherein no Essoigne Pteccon or Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted or allowed; And that all other Boroughes Corporacons and Lybties within the sayd Countye of Glamorgan (the Towne of Cardyffe and Libties of the same onelye excepted) shalbe Contributors and beare their ratable and reasonable Portions towardes the same, joyntlye and togeather with the Countrye (*) of Glamorgan.

And for the speedye levyeng of all suche somes of Money as shalbee requisite and necessary in this Behalfe, Bee yt hereby enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of the Countye aforesaid, or any sour three or two of them whereof one to bee of the Quorum, out of the Lybties of the said Towne of Cardyffe, and the Maior and Bayliffes or any Two of them within the said Towne Jurisdice&n and Lyberties of the same, shall herebye have full Power and Aucthoritie at all tymes hereafter and from tyme to tyme as often as neede shall requier, untill the said Bridge shalbee fullye reedified, to rate and assesse the Countye aforesaid, with the severall Hundreds and everye Towne Corporate Parishe Village and Hamlet within the same, 8c everye Inhabitaunte and Dweller within everye 8c any of them, to suche reasonable sume and somes of Moneye as to them shalbee thought

Decay of the Bridge near Cardiff in Glamorganshire ; Doubts as to repairing the same under St.

aa H. VIII. c.y.

Proportion of the County 5-6ths, of the Town i-6th, towards Repairs of the said Bridge.

II.

Bridge shall be repaired within Two Years j Penalty,

£ioo a Year.

Boroughs shall contribute with the County.

IH.

Justices, ike. shall assess and collect Rates, &c. for paring Expences of repairing the said Bridge.

1 the O.

* or whole Cowntye O.

8 1

674

23° Eliz. c. 11, 12.

A.D. 1580-1.

meete and convenient, in due and pportionable manner according as Rates Taskes and Talladges have bene before this time used to be there rated and levied, or as nere thereunto as they can; And that suche pson and psons as they shall appointe for the gathering levyeng or rating thereof shall have herebye full Power and Aucthoritie, by waye of Distresse uppon Denyall Refusall or Non payment, to levye the same and to make sale of suche Distresses according to the Statute of the xxij of King Henrye the Eyght aforesaid ; And the same Moneys so levied to bee deliv’ed over and payed, so muche thereof as shalbe levied within the Countie aforesaid out of the Libties of the Towne of Cardyffe aforesaid, to the said Justices or to two of them whereof one to bee of the Quorum, or to suche pson as theye shall appointe, And so muche as shalbe levied within the Libties of the said Towne of Cardyffe to bee delyvered over to the said Maior and Bayliffes, or any to bee appointed by the Consent of them or any two of them, who shall ymploye the same with as muche speed as convenientlye maye be, for the purpose aforesaid ; And yf any within the Countie or Libties aforesaid, who shalbe taxed or rated to paye any summe or summes of Money in fourme aforesaid, doe refuse the payment thereof or otherwise withstand their Distresses, or yff any other that shalbee chardged to taske gather levye or paye over any the Moneys aforesaid, shall refuse withstand denye or ympugne to accomplyshe Commaundement in that behalfe to further the spedye executing payeng and doing that shalbe to them appointed in manner aforesaid, Then everye suche pson and psons, yf theye be out of the Lybties of the said Towne of Cardyffe shalbe ymprisoned without Bayle or Maineprise, by the discresion of the said Justices or any two of them whereof the one to bee of the Quorum, yf within the said Libties then by the discretion of the said Maior and Baylyffes or any two of them, untill suche tyme as theye shall bee conformable to abyde the Order of the said Juytices Maior and Baylyffes for their said Offences.

Penalty on Ju»tice«, And moreover be yt enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, yf the said Justices Maior & Baylyffes or any one of |ff+^>rNeglect'&C" l^em within their severall lymittes, not being letted by sickenes or some other true and reasonable Excuse, .shalbe neglygent or doe not, by all wayes and meanes they can, pcure the executing hereof, by the space of two yeeres next after the End or Progation of this p>sent Parliament, or having receyved any some or sommes of Money aforesaid towardes the reedifieng of the saide Bridge, doe deteyne the same or any parte thereof in his or their Handes, or doe not ymploye the same thereupon with all convenient speed and without any delaye, but shall use the same to his or their owne private Pfittes Comodities or Beehoofes, to the hinderaunce of the said Worke, that then everye suche Justice Maior and Baylyffes, for everye defaulte shall forfayte and lose the sume of fortye poundes, one moytye whereof shalbe ymployed towardes the building of the said Bridge, and the other moytie to him that shall sue for the same in any of the Queenes Courtes of Recorde by Action of Debt Byll or Informacon, wherein no Essoigne Ptecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

V.

Bridge shall be kept in Repair by like Means.

And Forasmuche as the building and reedifieng of the said Bridge shall or maye stande to small purpose, yf Pvision for repayring and mayneteyning thereof from tyme to tyme and as often as neede shall requier, be not foreseene and duelye considered ; Bee yt therefore (') enacted by aucthoritie aforesaid. That bothe the Towne of Cardyffe and whole Countye of Glamorgan shall joyntlye together, from tyme to tyme and as often as need shall requier, defraye all suche Chardges as shalbe necessarye in that behalfe, in manner and fourme and in lyke pportion as ys beforesaid, upon the lyke payne aforesaid yf materiall defaulte be made by the space aforesaid.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for an Adition unto a former Acte, made Anno xiij of her Mall" Raigne, for the pavinge of a Streate without Algate, leading to her Highenes Storehowses at the Minories and other Places.

Recital of Stat. 13 Eliz. c.23. for the paving a Street without Aldgate.

Definition of the Street to be paved.

WHERE in the Parlyament holden at Westfii in the thirteenth yeere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lady Elizabeth the Queenes MaUe that nowe ys, an Acte was made and ordeyned for the Paving of one Waye betwene two Postes next Algate, sometymes called the Barres next Algate, in the Pishe of Saint Botholphe in the Suburbes of the Cittye of London, and a corner Howse in the said Pishe then in the Occupac&n of Thomas Sparrowe and of other Wayes or Streates in the said Acte expressed; In whiche Acte some Doubts and Defectf have byne and are: For Explanation whereof and better Pvision hereafter to bee made for the Amendement of the same Wayes or Streates, Be yt explaned and enacted by the Queenes Ma* the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this p'sent Parlyament assembled, and by the aucthoritie of the same, That the same Waye or Street ys and standeth directlye opposite or over againste the Pishe Churche of Sainte Botolphe without Algate, in the Suburbes of London aforesaid, at the Northeast Corner whereof standeth the Howse or Tenement wherein one John Cely inhabiteth, and leadeth thence directlye Southwarde alongest by her Highenes Storehowse of the Minories towardes the Tower of London, to the uttermoste Lymittes of the Corner Howse wherein John Baylye dwelleth, Sowtheaste, and there leadeth somewhat beyonde the Chennell there, whiche by the said late Statute ys pvided for the conveying of the Waters falling upon the said Waye into the Ditche lyeng on the North syde of Hog Lane, and beginneth againe somewhat shorte of the Sowthweaste Comer of her Ma"" Storehowse, late knowne by the Name of the Abbye of Marie Graces, and leadeth Eastwarde towardes Ratclyffe to a Place sometymes called the Old Cage, where nowe a Pumpe ys erected and standeth, and from thence reacheth downe Sowthwardes unto a

1 hereby O.

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 12.

675

H,

*»k

«*t

■»*

*4

I*

rib

i»t

IKK

:«i

»i5

'i®

iht

«,ki

cfClK

ini'

jis*

iy=*

to*

rfc*'

■*

%*

a*

H’

Water Mille called and knowne by the Name of Crasmill; all which Wayes or Streates are set lyeng and being in Easte Smithfeild in the Countye of Middlesex, and in the said Pishe of S. Botholphe without Algate in the Suburbes of London aforesaid, or Stebonhithe; Whiche Wayes or Streetes, by meanes that some parte thereof ys yet unpaved, and by reason as well of dyvers her Mau" Cariages passinge by & thoroughe the said Wayes or Streets to and from her Highnes Storehowses of the Minories Marie Grace and Ratclyffe, and to and from Algate and other Places vithin the Cittye of London and Suburbes of the same, and other continual! Passadge Carriages Course and Recourse of divers her Ma"" Subjects on Horsbacke and on Foote, are become verye myerie and full of watrye deepe and durtie Places, bothe lothsome and noysome as well to the Inhabitauntes of the said Wayes or Streetes as to all the Queenes Ma'" Subjectes having Recourse to or throughe the same; althoughe for the Pavinge and Amendement thereof greate Chardgf have of late yeeres bene defrayed aswell by the Chamber of London as by others, for the betteringe of the same: For Reformac&n and Amendement whereof, be yt also enacted ordeyned and establyshed by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and everye Pson and Psons Bodies Pollytike and Corporate their Heires and Successours, that nowe be or at any tyme hereafter shalbe seased of any Mannors Landes Teiites or Hereditamentes in any wyse next adjoyning to the said Wayes or Streetes or any of them, eyther on the one syde or on the other syde or sydes of them or any of them, of any Estate of Fee Symple Fee Tayle or for tearme of Lyes or Lyves or by Lease for tearme of Yeares, shall before the Feaste of Sainte Michaell the Archeaungcll next coming after the End of this psent Session of Parliament, sufficientlye pave or cause to bee paved with good Paving Stones the said Wayes or Streetes and everye of them, along by his or their Mannors Landes Teiites or Holdinges, adjoyning to the same Wayes or Streetes and everye or any of them, directlye from the Doores Walles Pales and other lymittes of his or their sayd Manors Landes Tenementes or Holdinges inclosed, unto the middest of the latelye paved Waies or Streetes where Cartes have nowe their Course and Recourse; And shall, at all tymes after the sayd Feaste of Saint Michaell the Archaungell next after the Ende of this p>sent Parliament, sufficientlye mayneteyne and repayre the Pavementes of the Wayes or Streetes againste everye of their sayd Landes & Tenementf in suche lyke manner and fourme as ys above declared; upon payne to forfaite unto the Queenes Ma'" her Heires and Successors for everye yarde square of the sayd Pavements not sufficientlye paved repayred amended or mainteyned, sixe shillingf eight pence for everye moneth that the same shall reste unpaved unrepayred and unamended after the said Feaste of Saincte Michaell the Archaungell next after the End of this p'sent Session of Parliament.

And because the Waters falling to and upon some of the said Wayes and Streetes comonly overfioweth into the Ditche of the Tower of London, to the greate Anoyaunce of the same; It ys therefore ordeyned and established by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and everye Pson and Psons Bodies Polityque and Corporate, their Heires Successours and Assignee, that nowe have or hereafter shall have any Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, in Fee Symple or for tearme of Lyes or Lyves or by Lease for tearme of Yeares, adjoyning to the Ditche on the Northsyde of Hogge Lane, eyther on the one syde or on the other, shall sufficiently, before the said Feaste of Saint Michaell the Archangell next after the End of this p'sent Session of Parliament, scoure and dense and to kepe scoured and clensed the sayd Dytche on the Northsyde of Hogge Lane alonge their said Landes Teiites and Hereditamentes to the middest of the said Dytche; upon payne that everye Pson and Psons Bodyes Pollytique and Corporate their Heires Successors and Assignes, whiche shall suffer the same or any parte thereof to bee unskoured and unclensed after the sayd Feaste Daye of Saint Michaell Tharchangell next, shall lykewise forfeyte and lose to our said Soveraigne the Queenes Ma"' her Heires and Successours, syxe shillinges eight pence for everye Rod, viz. sy'xteene Footes and a halfe, for everye Moneth that the same shalbe undone; the one halfe of all which Forfaites to be to the Queenes Ma,ic her Heires and Successours, and the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same.

And for the better keeping of the said Wayes or Streetes cleane and in good order, according to the true meaning of this Acte, Bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That there be chosen and appointed, by the Assignement and Appointement of the Justices of Peace within the Cittie of London and in the sayd Countie of Midd, yerely at the Feaste of Saint Michaell the Archangell, one honest discreet man to be Scavenger for the yere following ; And everye Howse Garden and Comoditie adjoyning upon the said Wayes or Streetes to bee taxed, and the Owners of the same to paye, towardes the wages of the same Scavenger, as yt ys accustomed in other places in the said Warde and elsewhere within the Cittye of London, and as the said Warde shall asscsse, upon payne to paye to the Queenes Ma1* her heires and successours, for everye defaulte Syxe shillinges eight pence.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace within the Cittye of London, or els the Justices of the Peace in the said Countie of Middlesex, which for the tyme shalbe, at all tymes hereafter, at the Generali Sessions of Peace to be kept and holden in the said Countye of Midd, shall have aucthoritie to enquire of all and everye the said defaultes to bee done within the power and lymittes of their Comission; Anil further to set and assesse for suche defaultes upon all and everye the pson and psons Bodyes Politique & Corporate aforesaid, all suche further penalties and summes of Money, for the not paving repayring amending scouring clensing or maynteyning of the sayd Wayes Streetes and Ditche, as to their discretions shalbe thought meete; And that all suche Penalties and summes of Money as shalbe assessed and taxed, shalbe forfeyted and loste to our sayde Soveraigne Ladye her Heires and Successours as aforesaid.

Owner* of Property on each Side of the said Street thall pave, and keep the *ame in Repair ; Penalty, 6*. 8d. per square Yard per Month.

II.

The Ditch on the North Side of Hog Lane thall he scoured in like Manner

Penalty, 6s. 8d. per Rod per Month.

III.

Scavenger shall be appointed, See. to keep the Street* clean.

IV.

Justices of Peace at Sessions may inquire of Defaults, and assess Penalties,

&c.

676

23° Eliz. c. 13.

A.D. 1580-1.

Recital of Acta 5 Eliz. and 8 Eliz.

not printed, for inclosing the Marshes of Plumsted, &c. in Kent:

[S« Rot. Parl.

5 Eli%. hu. 36.

8 Eftz. nu. 1*.]

Amended by an Act, 14 Eliz. not printed

[i« Rot. Parl.

14 Eliz. nu. 15.]

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the ynninge of Earith and Plumsted Marshe.

WHERE in the fyfte and eyght yeares of the Raigne of our moste excellent Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth (1) two severali Statutes were made towching the ynninge and fencing of certeyne Groundes and Marshes lyeng in the Parishes of Earithe Lysnes and Plumsted in the Coumie of Kent, then comonlye knowne by the Names of Earith Lysnes and Plumsted Marshe, from the Water and Flood es of the River of Thames, and for the Partic&n and Division of the said Groundes and Marshes which so shoulde happen to bee ynned fenced and wonne within certeyne tymes therein lymited, with dyvers and sondrye other Clauses and Braunches in the said two severali Statutes made towching the said Groundes and Marshes, as by the same more fullye appeareth; Amongest which said Clauses and Braunches, yt ys by and in the said Statute made in the said eight yere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Ladye, amongest other Thinges enacted, that it shoulde and might bee lawfull to John Baptista Castilion one of the Groomes of the Queenes Ma"" privye Chamber, John Gresham, Frauncys Robinson, Richarde Younge, Symon Horsepoole and Henrye Maye, their Heires and Assignes, and to everye other their Servauntes Factours Deputies Laborers and Woorkemen and to everye of them, at the Costes and Chardges of the said John Baptista, John Gressam, Frauncys Robinson, Richard Younge, Symon Horsepoole and Henrye Maye their Heires or Assignes, at all and everye tyme and tymes after the Tenth daye of Marche then next ensuing, during the tearme of eyght yeeres then next following, to inne fence and winne the Residue of all and singuler the Groundes and Marshes aforesaid, then surrounded and overflowne with Water, or any parte or parcell of them or any of them, at their Willes and Pleasure; and to laboure worcke and travaile from tyme to tyme during the said tearme of eyght yeares, in about and upon the ynning fencing and wining of any parte or parcell of them or any of them; as by the same Statute made in the said eyght yeare more fullye and playnlye appeareth : Since the makinge of whiche said Statute, the said John Gresham lawfullye constituted one Thomas Allen to bee his Assignee, and the said Henrye Maye lykewyse constituted one Walter Fissher to be his Assignee, to and for the [foresaid J] Affayres; And Where forasmuche as syxe yeares parcell of the said eyght yeares were almoste expired the eyght daye of Maye in the fourtenth yeere of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Ladye, and that the ynnyng fencing and winninge of the said Groundes and Marshes was a huge Charge, and requiered so muche Laboure as that yt coulde not bee fynished without longer tyme ; And for that duringe the tyme of Restraynte betwene this Realme and the Lowe Countryes, Workemen moste fytte for that purpose coulde not bee had by any meanes, and for that also the said Groundes and Marshes, being once ynned fenced and wonne woulde bee greatlye profitable to the Comon Wealthe by the occasion of greate Numbers of Cattell that might ther bee kepte; It was in the Session of Parliament holden at Westm the said eyght daye of Maye in the said fourtenth yeare of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Lady (4) enacted by the Queenes moste excellent Ma*, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and C5mons in that Parliament assembled and by the aucthoritie of the same, That yt should and might be lawfull to the said John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Allen, Fraunces Robinson, Richard Young, Symon Horsepoole and Walter [[Fissher'J their Heires and Assignes, and to everye other their Servauntes Factours Deputies Labourers and Workemen and to everye of them, at the Costes and Charges of the said John Baptista, Thomas Allen, Fraunces Robinson, Richard Young, Symon Horsepoole and Walter [Fissher ’] their Heires and Assignes, at all and everye tyme and tymes after the tenth daye of June then next ensuing, during the tearme of eyght yeares then next following, to ynne fence and winne the

Residue of all and singuler the Groundes and Marshes aforesaid then surrounded or over fiowne with Water, or

any parte or parcell of them or any of them, at their Willes and Pleasure, and to labour worke and travayle from tyme to tyme during the said tearme of eyght yeares in about and upon the ynning fencing and winning of the

said Groundes and Marshes, and every or any of them, or in about and upon the ynning fencing and winning of

any parte or parcell of them or any of them; And that ymmedyatlye after the ynning fencing and winning of the said Groundes and Marshes or any of them, or any parte or parcell of them or any of them, from the said Water and Floodes as ys aforesaid, the said John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Allen, Frauncis Robinson, Richard Young, Symon Horsepoole and Walter [Fissher ’3 their Heires and Assignes, should have and enjoye to them their Heires and Assignes for ev, the one Moytie of the said Groundes and Marshes so by them to be ynned fenced and wonne, and

should have equall Partic&n thereof to bee made, after suche manner as the saide John Baptista Castillion, John

Gressham, Frauncis Robinson, Richard Young, Symon Horsepoole and Henrye Maye should have had, by force of the said former recyted Statute made in the eight yeare of the Queenes Ma'1" Raigne, yf they the saide John

Baptista Castillion, John Gressham, Frauncis Robinson, Richarde Young, Symon Horsepoole and Henrye Maye

had ynned fenced and wonne the said Groundes and Marshes according to the purporte of the said Statute; And that the other Parte of the said Groundes and Marshes so then to bee ynned should bee to suche psons and in suche manner as by the said former recited Statute ys likewise mentioned ; And that the said Groundes and Marshes so to bee there after ynned fenced and wonne by the saydc John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Allen, Frauncis Robinson, Richard Young, Symon Horsepoole and Walter [Fissher,5] their Heires Assignes Servauntes Deputies Labourers and Worckcmen, shoulde be holden of suche psons, and should be dischardged of all Tythes for suche lyke tyme, as by the said former recited Acte made in the said eyght yeare of the Queenes Ma,k* Raigne,

1 Sec Table of the Acts at the beginning of those Years, pa.401,3 and 483,4 of this Volume.

8 of the saide Growndes and Marshe and everie or anny of them, or in abowt and uppon the innynge fencinge and wyninge O. ' aforesaid 0. 4 See Table of the Acts at the beginning of that Year, pa. 587,8 of this Volume. 5 Fyshe 0.

DigHtaed by GCK >glC

/4.1M580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 13.

677

E

k

F'

tk

la

IE

a

k

:■

IK

ik

kx

■I1

Ifc

El

1>

i*<

k*

k

d

Jk

r«

ys lynrited and appoynted; as by the said latter recited Statute made in the said fourtenth yeare more fully and at large yt doth and maye appeare: Synce the making of which Statute in the said fourtenth yeare. All the partes porc6ns and interestes of the said Y nners aforesaid, by lawfull Conveyaunces Right and Assuraunce, be in and are come unto the Handes of the said John Baptista Castillion and of Thomas Smith, George Barne, the said Richard Younge. Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Pointz, James Guichardine and Roger James, accordinge to their severall Porcftns and the severall Assignementes thereof to them made: And where the said eyght yeares lymited in the said Statute of the said fourtenth yeere are nowe fiillye expired, and that the ynning fencing and winning of the said Groundes and Marshes, hath by some Tempestes and Floodes of Water and by sondrye other ympediinentes, by the Acte of God and otherwyse, besides the huge greatnes and chardge of the Worcke yt selfe byn so hindred, that yt cannot be finished without longer tyme: And whereas the Owners of the said Groundes and Marshes, that ys to saye, Those persons their Heires and Assignes, and suche as have the Estate of those which were Owners of the said Groundes and Marshes before the surrounding thereof, to whome the said other halfe of the said Groundes and Marshes ys by the said former Statute made in the said eyght yeere mencioned to bee lymited and appointed, have in consideraf&n of the greate Charges alreadye ymployed, and yet to be ymployed in the inning fencing and winning of the saide Marshes, consented and agreed, that the said John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Smythe, George Barne, Richard Young, Thomas Fyssher, Ferdinando Pointz, James Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, shall have to them their Heires and Assignes for ever, one eight parte of the saide other Halfe, over and above the one Halfe by the said Statute made in the said fourtenth yeere lymitted and appointed to the said John Baptista Castilion and others as ys aforesaid: It ys nowe therefore Enacted by the Queenes most excellent Matt* the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled and by the aucthoride of the same. That yt shall and maye bee lawfull to the said John Bapdsta Castillion, Thomas Smythe, George Barne, Richarde Young, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Pointz, James Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, and to everye other their Servauntes Factours Deputies Labourers and Workemen, and to everye of them, at the Costes and Chardges of the said John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Smythe, George Barne, Richard Young, Thomas Fyssher, Ferdinando Poyntz, Janies Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, at all and everye tyme and tymes after the end of this Session of Parliament, during the tearme of two yeres then next following, to ynne fence and wynne the residue of all and singuler the Groundes and Marshes aforesaid nowe surrounded or overflowne with Water, or any parte or percell of them or any of them, at their Willes and Pleasure, and to laboure worke and travell from tyme to tyme during the said tearme of two yeeres in about and upon the innyng fencyng and winning of the said Groundes and Marshes, and everye or any of them, or in about and upon the inning fencing and winninge of any parte or percell of them or any of them; and for the ynning and fencing of the said Marshes and Groundes, and for the maynteyning and contynuing of the inning and fencing of the said Marshes and Groundes to bee ynned, to take and use so muche reede and yearth yeerlye, as ys or shalbe in or uppon the pWsses, without Contradiccon or Deniall of any pson or persons, for the making defence or saufegarde of the said Wall onelye, and not otherwise to bee ymployed; And that ymediatlye after the ynning fencing and winning of the said Groundes and Marshes, or any of them, or any parte or percell of them, or any of them from the said Water and Floodes as ys aforesaid. The said John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Smith, George Barne, Richard Young, Thomas Fysher, Ferdinando Poyntz, James Guychardyne and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, shall have and enjoye to them their Heires and Assignes for ever the one halfe of all the said Groundes; and also for and in consideration that they shall mayneteyne and repay re the Walles and Bankes of the same Marshes so hereafter to be wonne, by the space of one whole yeare next after the inning and ptic&n thereof, at the Costes and Charges of the said Inners, shall further have and enjoye to them and to their Heires one eyght parte of the other halfe of the said Groundes and Mershes so hereafter ynned fenced and wonne; And shall lykewise have equall pardcOn, bothe of the said Halfe and of the said eight parte of the said other Halfe, to bee made after suche mannor as for the said Halfe by the said former Statutes made in the said Eyght and Fourteenth yeeres ys lymited and appointed, as yf the same Groundes and Marshes had bene then ynned and wonne accordinglye ; And that the residue of the said other Halfe of the said Groundes and Marshes so to be ynned, the said eight parte being deducted as ys aforesaid, shalbe to suche p6ons and in suche manner and fourme as by the said former recited Statute made in the said Eight and Fourteenth yeeres ys lykewise mencioned: And that the Groundes and Marshes, and all Groundes and Marshes hereafter to be inned fenced and wonne by the said John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Smith, George Barne, Richarde Young, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Poyntz, James Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires Assignes Servauntes Deputies Laborers and Workemen, or by any of them, shalbee holden of the Queenes Ma°* her Heires and Successors as of her Mannor of Easte Grenewiche in the Countie of Kent, in free Socage, by Fealtye and one penny of Rent of everye Acre for all Services, and of none other pson or psons or by any other Services whatsoev1: And that further, in considerac&n of their greate Costes Charges and Travell, as well heretofore as hereafter to be susteyned and borne aboute the same, that the said Landes and Marshes hereafter to bee ynned as aforesaid, shalbe dischardged of all Tythes whatsoever for and during the Tearme of Seaven yeeres next after the ynning fencing and winning of the same.

And Where there are (and by Godes Acte maye bee) certeyne Shelves and Forelandes more than nowe are, lyeng betwene the Walles and Boundes of the said Marshes to be wonne and the River of Thames, upon some of whiche doe or maye growe Reedes and other Thinges profitable for the repayring of the said Walle from tyme to tyme: It ys further enacted, That the said Forelandes shalbe in c5mon to the said Owners and Inners, their Heires and Assignes, and shalbe kepte and mayneteyned at the comon Charges of the said Owners and Inners, their Heires and Assignes; And that yt shall not bee lawfull for any pson to digge or carrye any of the Earth or Stuffe of the said Forelandes, or any of them, nor any Reede or other Thing thereupon growing or being, but onlve for the Renaracon

Time for completing such Inclusure, under recited Acts, expired, Stc.

Ceruin Partiea interested empowered to complete the Inclosure of the said Marshes, within Two Years

Such Land when so inclosed shall be holden of the Queen in free Socage, by Fealty and id. per Acre as of the Manor of East Greenwich

Tithe-free for Seven Years.

II.

Certain Forelands and the Reeds thereon, shall be held in common, for Repair of the Fences of the snid Marshes.

8 K

678

23° Eliz. c. 13, 14

A.D. 1580-1.

Penalty on cutting Reeds there for other Purposes, ^S-

III.

All Covenants, &c. contrary to this Act declared void.

IV.

Erith Marshes, &c. excepted from this Act.

Grant by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury of a Subsidy of 6s. in the Pound.

Tenor of the said Grant:

Motives for the Subsidy.

Grant of 6s. in the Pound on the Value of all Spiritual Promotions, as rated to the King’s Tenth under Stat. a6 H.VIII. c. j.

and maineteyning of the Walles and Fences of the said Marshes; on payne that everye pson whyche shall cut digge carrye awaye, or cause to be cut digged or carried a wave any Ground Reede or other Thing to any other use then ys above appoineted, shall forfayte for every suche Offence the sume of Fyve pounde of lawfull money of England, for whiche yt shalbee lawfull for the sayd Inners or Owners, or any of them, to sue for the same by Action of Debt Byll Playnt or Informac&n in any Courte of Recorde, in which Sute no Essoigne Protecc&n Wager of Lawe nor Writte of Priviledge for the Defendaunte shalbe admitted or allowed ; all whiche sommes so to bee recovered, the Charges of the said Sute being deducted, shalbe ymployed to the Reparation of the said Walles and Fences.

And bee yt lykewise enacted by the aucttioritie aforesaid, That all Bondi; Covenauntes and Agreementes heretofore had or made, wherebye the said Inners their Heires or Assignes should have any lesse or shorter tyme for the Ynning Winning and Fencing of the said Marshes, or whereby the same Ynners their Heires and Assignes shoulde have and enjoye any lesse or smaller portion of the said Marshes for their Charges Paynes and Industrie about the Inning and Winning of the same Marshes, then ys lymited and appointed unto them by this psent Acte, And that all Bondes Coven*ntes and Promises tending to the pVenting hindring or stayeing of the making of this Acte, shalbe utterlye voide frustrate and of no force nor effecte in the Lawe; Any Thing to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided allwayes, That this Acte shall not extend to the late ynned Marshes comonly called or knowne by the Name of Earith Marshes, or the Bankes Wastes & Forelandes of the same, or to the Reede or other Comodities growing or comming in or by reason of the same or any parte thereof.

CHAPTER XIV. (■)

An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargye.

WHERE the Prelatf and Cleargye of this Province of Canterburye, have moste lovingelye and liberallye for certeyne Considerac&ns, gyven and graunted to the Queenes moste Excellent Ma'*, a Subsidye of Syxe Shillingf of the Pounde, to bee taken and levyed of all and singuler their Promoc&ns Spirituall w,hin the said Province, during the terme of three yeres nowe nexte ensuinge, in suche certeyne manner and forme and with such Exceptions and Provisions as bee specyfied and conteyned in a certeyne Instrument by them thereof made and delyvered to the Queenes Highenes under the Seale of the moste Reverende Father in God Edmunde nowe Archebisshoppe of Canterburye and Primate of all Englande; W1*1 Instrumente ys nowe exhibited in this p'sent Parliament to bee ratified and confirmed : The Tenour whereof ensuethe in these Woordes:

The Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburye beinge lawfullie congregated and assembled together in a Convocation or Synode, consideringe their bounden Duetyes to yo' Ma'" their moste natural)' and gracyouse Soveraigne Ladye, and havinge in remembraunce the manifolde and ample Benefittf whiche theye daylye receyve, not onlye by yo' moste gracyouse and goodlye Governemente, wherebye theye bee conserved in Peace and Quietnes, and so more able to serve God and intende to their Office and Vocac&n, but also, and that moste cheifelye, by the settinge for the and advauncynge of Goddes moste hollye Worde and his sincere and true Religeon in this yo* Realme, and abolyshinge of all forraine Power contrarye to the same; Consideringe also aswell the greate Chardges wherew,b yt cannot bee but that your Ma’* from tyme to tyme ys lyke to bee burthened in defendinge and pservinge this yor Realme wlh other yo' Highenesse Dominions, as also the greate Chardges wherew*" yor Ma" hathe byne in Irelande and pntlye ys chardged, by reason of Popishe Mutynies and Attemptes to Thoverthrowe of the true Religeon and yo' Highenesse Estate, as muche as suche Practises eyther coulde or canne pervayle: In Consider ac&n of the p>misses and for a true Declaration of their bounden Duetyes good Hartes and Mindes towardes yo' Ma,ic, w*1’ one uniforme Agreement Accorde and Consent together w,h moste hartye good Wyll, have gyven and graunted, and by these psentf doe gyve and graunte to yo’ Highenesse yo' Heires and Successo", One Subsidye in manner and fourme followinge, That ys to saye; That everye Archebisshopp Bisshopp Deane Archedeacon Provest Maister of Colledge pbendarye Parson Vicar, and everye other parson and psons of whatsoever Name or Degree hee or theye bee w,hin the Province of Canterburye enjoyenge any Spuall Promoc&n or other Temporall Possession to the same Spirituall Promoc&n annexed, nowe not devided nor separated by Acte of Parlyament or otherwise from the Possession of the Cleargye, shall paye to yo1 Highenes yo' Heires and Successo", for everye Pounde that hee maye yerelye dispende by reason of the said Spuall Promoc&n, the somme of Syxe Shillingf: And for the true and certeyne value of all the Promoc&ns and everye of them wherof the payment of this Subsidye shall bee made, the Rate Taxac&n Valuation and Estimac&n nowe remayninge of Recorde in yo' Ma" Courte of Exchequer for the payment of perpetuall Disme or Tenthe graunted to yo' Ma*‘" moste Noble Father in the syxe and twentithe yere of his Raigne concerninge suche Promoc&ns as nowe be in the Possession of the Cleargie or of any other not devided by any Acte of Parlyament, or otherwise alienated from the Possession of the Cleargye, shall onelye bee followed and observed, w^out makinge any Valuac&n Rate Taxac&n or Estimac&n other then in the saide Recorde

1 From the Original Act; See Note at the beginning of thi* Year.

,4.0.1580-1

23° Eliz. c. 14.

679

S.

II*,

°«6

bnlti *» id Fat tiEca will

eta*

■is*

mil tkta he: MO*

Sp»" fli? k ao»

*•7*

«rte«

»F*

Rp*1

ao»f*

J*

f*'

ys nowe comprised: Provided allwayes, That forasmuche as the Tenthe Parte of the said Rate and Valuacon before menc&ed, is yerelye payed to your Highenes for the said perpetuall Disme, so as there remaynethe onelye Nyne Partes to the Incumbent cleare, This Subsidye of Syxe Shillingf the Pounde shalbee understanded and ment onelye of everye Pounde of the said Nyne Partes and of no more: Provided allwayes, That no person that ys aUreadye promoted to any Benefice or Spuall Promoc&n, and hathe compounded w'h yo' Ma,K for the First Fruitf of the same sythence the firste daye of October last past, in the yere of our Lorde One thowsand fyve hundreth fourescore, or that ys or hereafter shalbee promoted to any Benefice or Spuall Promoc&n, and shall compounde w,h yor Matk yor Heires or Successo" for the Firste Fruitf of the same on thissyde the firste daye of October wcl‘ shalbee in the yere of our Lorde One thowsande fyve hundrethe fourescore and three, shalbee contributorye or chardged for the same Benefice or Promoc&n to your Highenes yo' Heires or Successo" w"1 any parte of this Subsydye duringe the firste yere after the tyme of any suche compoundinge for his Firste Fruitf; And that everye suche person aUreadye promoted to any Benefice or Spuall Promoc&n as hathe compounded w,h yo' Ma'" for the Firste Fruitf of the same betwene the firste daye of October in the yere of our Lorde God one thowsande fyve hundrethe seaventye and nyne, and the saide firste daye of October in the yere of our Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth and fourescore, shalbee contributorye or chardged for the same Promoc&n to yor Highenesse yor Heires or Successo" but onelye w'" the moytye of the firste payment of the saide Subsydye, in respecte that the moytye of his Firste Fruitf for the saide Promoc&n remayned unpayed to yo' Ma"', the saide firste of October One thowsande fyve hundrethe and fourescore: And your Prelates and Cleargye also doe graunte, that this Subsydye of Syxe Shillingf the Pounde, of the Nyne Partes of the yerely value of everye Promoc&n Spirituall aforesaide wuin the saide Province taxed as ys aforesaide, shalbee payed to yo' Malk yor Heires and Successo" w,hin three yeres next ensuinge the Date hereof, in manner and forme followinge, That ys to saye, Two Shillingf of everye pounde aforesaide in everye of the said three yeares; the firste payment thereof to bee due at the firste daye of October nowe next ensuinge in the yere of our Lorde One thowsande fyve hundereth fourescore and one; And the secounde payment thereof to be [done1 ] at the firste daye of October w1* shalbee in the yere of our Lord a thowsande fyve hundrethe sour score and two; And the thirde payment thereof to bee dewe at the firste daye of October in the yere of our Lorde One thowsande fyve hundrede fowrescore and three; to bee delyvered and payed yerely, by suche person and persons as in this p>sent Graunte shalbee appoineted to have the Collection thereof, to the Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beinge, or to suche other person or psons and in suche place or places as yt shall please your Highenesse to appointe to bee payed, at or before the two and twentythe daye of Januarye in everye of the saide three yeres, w,hout payenge any Thinge to the Receyvo' or to anye other Officer or Persons to bee assigned for the Receipte thereof, for anye Acquitaunce or other Dischardge, upon any suche Payement or Receipte of the saide Subsidye or any parte thereof to be gyven and delyvered, but onelye Foure Pence, and that to the Clarcke for the writinge of everye of the same Acquitauncf or Dischardge for everye of the same paymentf: Item, yo' Highenesse saide Prelates and Cleargye alsoe doe graunte, that everye Preste and all other Ecctiasticall psons havinge any Penc&n payeable by yo' Ma'* your Heires or Successo" by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteryes Colledges Free Chappelles Chaunteryes Fratemityes Guildes and Hospitalles, or of any other Spuall Dignitye or Corporac&n nowe dissolved w'hin the said Province of Canterburye, shall lykewyse paye to your Highenesse your Heires and Successo", Syxe Shillingf of everye pounde of the saide Penc&ns w,bin the said three yeres, at suche dayes and tymes as are before specyfied ; And that for the suer payment thereof, Deduction and Detenc&n of the said Syxe Shillingf shalbee made yerelye in the Handes of the payers of the said Pencftns, after the Rate and Porf&n of Two Shillingf the pounde everye of the saide three yeres, to bee accompted for and aunswered to yo' Ma"" Use by yo' Highenesse Receyvo" and Officers deputed for paymente of suche Penc&ns, in their severall Accomptes w^in the wcl’ Allowaunce shalbee gyven them for the paymente of everye suche Penc&ns liable to the severall paymentf of the sayde Subsydye: Item, Your said Prelates and Cleargye doe graunte that everye Preste or Minister Stipendarye receyving an anuall Stipende being no Perpetuitye of Eight poundes or above, w^in the said Province, shall paye unto the use of your Highenesse yo' Heires and Successo" Syxe shillingf and eight pence in everye of the saide Three yeres, at suche tyme and to suche persons as the saide Subsydyes shalbee payed ; and for defaulte of payment of the said Stipendaryes, that everye Person Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall person Propryetarye or Farmo', hieringe any Pryeste or Minister to serve in anye Place, shalbee aunswerable and charged for and wd> the payment of the said Syxe shillinges and eight pence, for the said Preste or Minister everye of the said Three yeres, and shall and may make Retenc&n of his and their Wages quarterlye, of so muche as the saide Stipendaries bee chardged w,l> by this psent Graunte, everye of the saide Three yeres: Item, Your saide Prelates and Cleargye doe graunte, that everye Archebisshopp and Bisshop, and the Sea beinge voyde everye Deane and Chapiter of that Sea voyde, shalbee Collectours of this Subsidye w"*in their proper Dioces duringe the saide Three yeres, other then of the Pencioners aforesaide; and the said Archebisshopp Bisshopp, or the Sea beinge voyde the Deane and Chapiter, shall certifye into your Ma" Courte of Exchequer, under their Seales, the names and surnames of all suche Stipendarye Prestes and Ministers w'"in their Dioces, as be chargeable by this Acte, at or before the said two and twentythe daye of Januarye yerelye duringe the said Three yeres: And your said Prelates and Cleargye doe moste humblye beseche yo' Ma,le, that yt maye bee enacted by yor Ma*" and yor highe Courte of Parliament (for the spedye payment of the said Subsidye and to avoyde Delayes thereof) that when and as often as any Collectour or Collecto" changeable w"‘ the Collecc&n of this Subsidye, or of any parte thereof, or the Deputye or Deputyes of any of them, shall offer the payment thereof or of any pte thereof to the use of yo< Ma* yo' Heires or Successo's, to any pson or persons appointed to receyve the same by yo' Highnes or by the said

but payable on Nine-Tenths only

and not on the First Year after Promotion and compounding for First Fruits

Payable in Three Years, as. each

Times of Payment.

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests, See.

6s. 8d. per Ann. on Stipendiary Priests, at /£%. and abore.

Bishops, S:c. shall be Collectors;

and shall certify Names of

Stipendiary Priests;

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them;

1 erroneously for ‘ due ’

680

23° Eliz. c. 14

A.D. 1580-1.

and Account* be taken by Auditor*, &c. Penalty s£io.

Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer, that the said person or persons so appoineted shall w^in sour dayes next after snche Appointment, receyve or cause to bee receyved the Moneye so offered to bee payed, w*\>ut any further delaye, and shall delyver one sufficiente Byll testifieng the Receypte thereof to the said Collecto' or his Deputye, upon everye suche pticuler payement: And that everye suche Audito' as ys or shalbee appointed to take or receyve the Accompte of any suche Collectour or Collecto", shall w,uin syxe dayes next after Requeste to him to bee made, truelye and indifferentlye take the saide Accompte and make Allowaunce as by this Graunte ys appointed; upon payne that everye suche person and persons appointed to receyve the same some or somes of money so offered, and everye suche Auditor shall lose and forfeyte, for everye defaulte or delaye to bee made to the saide Collecto' or Collecto's so offeringe to make Payment or Accompte as ys aforesaide, the some of Tenne poundes of lawfull moneye of Englande; the one moytie thereof to bee to yor Mal" yo' Heires and Successo", and thother moytye to the said Collectour or Collecto" so greyed, the same to bee payed upon Complainte made to the Lorde Treasourer Under Treasourer or to the Lorde Cheife Baron of yo' Ma"" Courte of Exchequier, who upon suche Complainte shall plsentlye examine the Matter, and findinge defaulte, shall comitte the Offendo' to Warde, there to remayne untill hee shall have payed the said severall sommes so forfeyted : And for the better levieng and recoveringe of the said Subsidye, yof said Prelates and Cleargye doe lykewise moste humblye beseche your Highenes that yt maye bee enacted by yo' Ma" and yor saide Highe Courte of Parliament, in manner and fourme followinge. That ys to saye; that everye Collectour of the 6aid Subsydye, and of everye parte and percell thereof, and their lawfull Deputye or Deputyes, maye have full Power and Aucthoritye to use all suche Wayes and Meanes and Processe as bee p'scribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme for the Collection and levienge of the same; and maye make accompte thereof before the Lorde Highe Treasowrer or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beinge, or any other Officer by yo' Highenesse or yo' Courte of Exchequier to be appointed for the same, and in suche place as yo' Ma'" lykewise shall assigne, in suche wise and after suche forme onelye as the said Archebisshopps and Bisshoppes bee nowe chardged to make accompte for the said perpetuall Disme or Tenthe; whereby ys ment that the lacke and defaulte of Payment of and for any Spuall Promocbn or PromocSns, shall onelye chardge the Incumbent or Incumbentf and suche others as bee bounde to paye the same: And that the Archebisshoppe Byshopp Deane and Chapito' gatheringe that wcl‘ they canne receyve and making payment thereof, shall for the rest not by them receyved bee discharged, by their Certificat to bee made at or before the two and twentithe daye of Januarye in everye of the said three yeeres unto yo' Highenes Courte of Exchequier: And that syxe pence of everye pounde wherewUl the Collectour shalbee chardged in his Accompte, clerelye to bee payed into the Receipte of yo' Ma"" Exchequier or into suche other place as shall

please yor Highenesse to appointe, shalbee allowed to the said Collectour upon his Accompte for the same in

everye of the sayed three yeres, for the Charges of Collection Portage saffe conveyenge and payeng of the same Incumbent of Subsidye : And moreover that yt maye bee enacted lykewyse, that after any payment of the said Subsidye shalbee once

Demand of Subridy due by vertue of this Graunte in any of the said three yeres, yf any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promo66n

Collector* shall have the lame Power* a* for levying the Tenth*, kc.

Allowance for Collection,

6d. in the Pound.

from him, and Certificate by the Bishop into the Exchequer of Non-payment, shall forfeit *uch Benefice;

Form of *uch Certificate:

Spuall chardged to the Payment of the same Subsidye, beinge at any tyme after that the same Payment shalbee dewe lawfullye monished, eyther personallye or at his Dignitye Stall Churche or Mansion Howse, by the Archebisshopp or Bisshopp of the Dioces or his Deputye or Deputyes, or the Deane and Chapito' the Sea beinge voide, or by any their Deputye or Deputies aucthorised in that Behalfe, to appeare by himselfe or his Deputye, at a certeine Daye or Place of convenient Distaunce to the saide Incumbent then to bee signified and pfixed, and then and there to paye suche parte of the said Subsidye for his Benefice or Promoc&n Spuall as then by vertue of this Graunte shalbee due, doe not eyther at the same Daye and Place so to him signified and p>fixed truelye contente and paye, or cause to bee contented and payed, the same parte of the said Subsidye wc" then by him shalbee due to bee paiea unto the same Archebisshopp or Bisshopp or to his Deputye or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapito' of any Sea being voide, or to their Deputye or Deputies, or to one of them shewinge sufficient Deputaf&n from the said Archebisshop Bisshopp or Deane and Chapito', under his or their Seale in that Behalfe, beinge redye at the same Daye and Place so signified and fPfixed to receyve any Payment of the saide Subsidye then due, and openlye demaundinge the same, or elles paye the same wu,in fortye dayes next after any suche pfixed daye at the furthest, (so that open demaunde bee made of the said Subsidye in and at the said Place and Daye before pfixed,) that then everye Incumbent so making defaulte of Payment of his parte of the said Subsidye in any of the said Three yeres, after suche defaulte thereof certified into yo' Ma,iM Exchequier in Writing under the Seale and Hande Writinge of any Archebisshopp or Bisshopp, or the C5mon Seale of the Deane and Chapito' the Sea beinge voide, chardged w" the Collection of the same Subsidye, so that the said Certificat shalbee made according to the fourme hereafter expressed and exhibited into yo' Ma"" said Courte of Exchequier at or before the two and twentithe daye of Januarye in everye of the said Three yeres, shall forfayte and lose unto yo' Ma'* yo' Heires or Successo" all the Proffittf w* of that onelye Dignitye Benefice or Promocbn for the w* hee maketh suche Defaulte of Payment, and wherof suche Certificat shalbee made, shall come growe or arise unto him, (over and above the Chardges of servinge of the Cure,) in one whole yere next after suche Certificat made and delyvered into yo' Highenesse Courte of Exchequier, and there admitted, in case the same Incumbent shall so longe live; and that everye Certificat of any suche defaulte of Payment shalbee made accordinge to the tenour and effecte ensuinge mutatis mutandis : Honorabilibus et egregiis viris, Dno Thesaurario et Baronibus de Sfc'rio Illustrissime Dne nre Dne Elizabeth Dei gra Anglie Francie et Hibnie Regine, fidei defensoris, &c. Vester humilis, I. permissione divina L. Epus, aucthoritate et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliamenti anno regni dicte Dne Regine vicesimo tertio editi et provisi, ad colligend et levandu Subsidium eidem Dne Regine in eodem Parliamento per Prelatos & Clerum Cantuarieh Provincie concessum, vidett, pro prima solucfine inde solvend primo die Octobris, ultimo preterito, infra Diocesim nram deputatus et aucthorizatus, omnimodam reverenciam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vns reverenciis harum serie annuncio, et certifico me praefatu Epm, modo quo prefertur deputat et aucthorizat sufficienter et cum omni diligencia requisisse per deputat meu

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 14.

681

S

'W*

S

"«u

■M*

'*i

*h>

'a*

■i*

ik.

! H!»

■ kk

rial

ai

BKl

k.

kt*

:sas

rWi Dr tei Gac

tab

P*'

ilka

das*

fate

hi

ife

JTaw

tea*-

te*

ft*

M*

te'

»■»

Ik

k

in hac parte, de quocuque beneficio et promotione Ecclesiastica, in quadam schedula pntibus annexa specificatis, sum died Subsidii pro dictis beneficiis et promocionibus debitas, pro prima solutione dicti Subsidii debiti solvend dco primo die Octobris, ultimo preterito, prout in eadem schedula pntiby annex plenius liquet, et apparet; Sed dCas sumas ex causis in eadem schedula allegatis recipere non potui- In cujus rei testimoniu, sigillum meum presemibus opponi feci. Dal die Anno Dni mittmo quingen"0 octogesimo primo. The Forme of w*

Schedule above meneoned ensueth: Civitas London vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibm

monitus suit apud predict die ultimo preterit per N. O. deputat meum,

ad solvend apud Ecciiam de L. in comitat E. die tunc prox sequefi, illam partem Subsidii per

ipm debitam primo die Octobris ultimo preterito, pro promocione sua predca. Sed predict A. B. nec apud Ecctiam de L. predSam, eodem die nec alibi per quadragint dies postea, sumam per ipm debitam

(ut prefertur) solvit vel satisfecit: neq, dcam sumam de proficuis dee promotionis nec de bonis et catallis dCi A. B. aliquo modo levare, sive recipere potui. Provided allwayes, that yf any person or Incumbent, chargeable by this Acte or Gralinte to any Paymente of this Subsidye, shall proser or tender Payment of any some due to the Archebisshop or Bisshop, or to the Deane and Chapter where the Sea ys voyde, or to any Deputie or Deputies of any Archebisshop Bisshop or Deane and Chapter aforesaide, at any tyme before the Certificate exhibited into Thexchequer as ys aforesaide, that then notwithstandinge the Certificate made as is aforesaide againste any suche person, the said Incubent or pson against whome the Certificate was so made, shall and may aver the Offer or Tender of his Payment as ys aforesaide; And [of1] the same shalbe tried either by sufficient Witness before the Lorde Thresourer or Barons of Thexchequer, or by the tryall of Twelve Men uppon any Yssue thereuppon to be joyned betwixte the same Incubent or any other person or persons, that he or any for him did offer or tender the Payment of the sume due as is aforesaide, that then every suche Incubent shall have and enjoye his Promoc&n or Promot&ns still, w,hhowte forfaytinge or losinge to yor MaUe yor Heires or Successors any of the Proffittf thereof, and as thoughe no Certyficate or Defaulte of suche Payment had byn made or exhibited ; Any Thinge in this Graunte or Acte to the contrary notw^standinge: And Furthermore, that yt may be enacted likewise that everye Archebisshop and Bisshop, and Deane and Chapter of every Sea vacante, and other persons chargeable to and w,h the Collecc&n of the said Subsidye of Sixe Shillingf the Pounde w"*in the saide Province of Canterburye, shall and may have uppon every Payment of the same Subsidie, made to the Lorde Highe Thresourer or Under Thresourer of England for the tyme beinge, or to suche other person or persons in place and places to whome and where yt shall please yo' Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the Receipte thereof in every of the saide Three yeres, a sufficient Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge of the saide Lorde Highe Thresourer or Under Tresourer, or of suche other pson or psons as eyther yor Highnes or yo' saide Courte of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipte thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases yt hath ben accustomed, the same Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipte of as muche of the same s5me of the saide Subsidie as shalbe so receyved; And every suche Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge sealed or subscribed w"1 the Name or Names of the saide Lorde Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer for the tyme beinge, or of suche Audytor or other person or psons as yt shall please yo' Highnes or yo' said Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the same Receiptes, or of suche others as heretofore in like Cases yt hath ben used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and be also as sufficient discharge to all and every of the said Collectors, to all Intentf Constructions and P'poses, as yf the same were made by Acte of Parliament: And that every of the saide Collectors shall paye butt only three shillingf and sower pence for every generall and fynall Acquittaunce, Discharge or Quietus est, for every yeeres Payment of the saide Subsidye: And also that every perticuler Acquittaunce w* uppon payment of any parte of the saide Subsidie shalbe made by anye Collector or Collectors of the same Subsidie, or of any Payment thereof, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies in that behalfe, to any Incubent of anye Benefice or Promoc&n Spiritual), or to any pson or psons contributorye and chargeable to and w,h the same Subsidye, or any Parte or Payment thereof, shalbe good and effectuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient dischardge to everye suche Incubent, and other pson, and his Benefice and Promoc&n Spirituall, of and for all suche Sdme and Somes of Money as by the same Acquittance shalbe acknowledged to be receyved, in respect of the same Benefice or Promoc&n Spirituall, for any Payment or Parte of the same Subsidy ; And that none Acquittaunce of any other person or psons made before suche Certificate, shall in any wise discharge any pson or promoc&n, for any parte of this Subsidye, nor of any Payne Penalltye or Forfeiture specified in this Graunte: And to thentente it may be knowen to the Courte of Exchequer who be the Deputie or Deputies of everie suche Archebisshop Bisshop or Deane and’Chapiter, able to make Acquittaunce, everie Archebisshop Bisshopp, and Deane and Chapiter of anye Sea beinge voyde, shall yerely w‘" the 8tificate of the Names of Stipendarie Priests, certifie the Name and Names of everye the Deputyes to be appointed as ys aforesayde : Provided alwayes, that no Spirituall Promoc6ns, or any Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, beinge charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterburye, or any Goodes or Cattells growinge beinge or renewinge uppon the same, or elswhere apperteyninge to the Owners of the saide Spiritual Promocons or to any of them, shalbe charged or made contributorye to any Fieftenth or Tenth, or any other Subsidie allreadye graunted to yor Highnes by the Laytie, or hereafter to be graunted duringe the tVne of the saide three yeeres: Provided also, that all Deanes Archedeacons Dignityes Maysters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colleges, or any of them, within the saide Province, shalbe charged w"‘ this Subsidie for those Possessions Revenues and Promoc&ns onlye, wch to their severall Promocons Dignities and Romes are clerely and distinctlye lymyted, and to their owne only Uses severed, therof to paye (the Tenth parte, beinge deducted) vj s. of every Pounde, w,hin the saide three yeeres, in manner and forme as ys above rehearsed: And that all those Rentes

and Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbenti may tender the Sum due at any Time before Certificate il exhibited.

Acquittances to Collectors paying Subsidies to Lord Treasurer:

Fees thereon j

Particular Acquittances Collectors to Incumbents.

*>T

Names of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, tcc. chargeable for their Promotions.

1 trronnusly for " if

8 L

682

23° Eliz. c. 14

A.D. 1580-1

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, &c. appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, lee. vested in the Crown under Stat. I Edw.VI. c. if or since, as Lands concealed, &c.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, &c.

Benefices not exceeding s£6. 13. 4.

Vicarages from £9. to agio.

Pensions not exceeding £4.

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

Possessions Proffittf Porf&ns Hereditamentf and Spuall Promof&ns, and every of them, heretofore by yo' Highnes or any yor Ma'lM noble Progenitors, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, gyven graunted bequethed dimysed or impropried unto the saide Cathedrall or Collegiat Churches or Colledges, or to any of them, w* any Wayes be assigned imployed or used eyther for or towardes the yerely mainten*nce of poore Men Scholemaysters Ushers Gramarians Petycannons Conductf Vicars Chorall Readers of Dyvinitie Singinge Men Choristers Vergers Sextens, or of any other necessarie and daylie Officers or Ministers in suche Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colleges or any of them, or for or towardes the reedifienge or repairinge of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colleges, shall not be charged with any parte of this Subsidye; the certeyntye of w* Porc&ns, aswell chargeable to this Subsidie as not chargeable in this behalf, the Archebisshop, or Bisshop of the Dioces, or the Sea beinge voyde the Deane and Chapter, or any other to whom the same shall or may apperteyn, uppon due Serche and Examinac&n, shall certyfie under his or their Seale into yor Highnes saide Courte of Exchequer at or before the saide xxij daye of Januarye in every of the saide Three yeeres : Provided alwayes, that every Pson Vicar or other Spuall Pson payinge any Penc&n whereof no Allowaunce is made in the Valuac&n of his Promoc&n or Benefice shall and may retaiyne ij s. of ev'ye pounde of every suche Penc&n every yere duringe the saide three yeres to his owne Relief, in considerac&n that hee ys charged to paye this Subsidie of vj s. the pounde owte of every pounde of the whole valewe of his Promoc&n; Any Coven*nte Graunte or Bonde to the conrrary notw^standinge: Provided also and yo' saide Prelates and Clergye do moste humbly beseche yo' Highnes, that yt may be enacted by yo' Ma"" Aucthoritye and yo' Highe Courte of Parliament, That where certeyne Landes Tents Rentes Spuall Promof&ns Tythes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruitf and other Heredytamentf lately belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and psons Ecclesiastical 1 w^in the saide Province of Canterbury, w*" were gyven and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on finding and maynteyning of certayne Chaunteries Anniversaries Obites Lights Lampes and other like Charges Intentf and p'poses, of late came into the Handes and Possession of the late Kinge of famous memory Edward the Sixte, by force of a Statute thereof made in the firste yere of his late Raigne, as by the saide Statute more playnely appeareth; That the saide Cathedrall Churches, and the Bisshopf Deanes or Presidents and Chapiters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Ecclesiastical! or any of them, to whome the saide Landes Rents and other the Premysses or any of them did lately apteine, shall not duringe the saide three yeeres be charged to and w"*1 any payment of Subsidye, of and for that parte or porcon of Landes Tenementf Rents Spuall Promoc&ns and other Heredytamentf or any of them, whereunto the saide late Kinge by force of the saide Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yerely Rents or Paymentf goinge owte or due to be paide unto yor Ma,le owte of the premyss nor any parte thereof, but only of and for all and singuler Landes Tenementf Rents Spuall Promoc&ns Tythes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruitf and other Heredytamentf wch do yet still remayne not dissevered from the Handes and Possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other the places and psons Ecclesiasticall aforesaide; and that Deduction and Allowaunce thereof be made to them and every of them accordinglye, in and upon ev*ye payment of this saide Subsidie, owte of the whole Vallewe Taxac&n and Estymac&n made for the payment of the saide perpetuall Disme or Tenth remayninge of Recorde in yor Highnes Cowrte of Exchequer, for that rate and porc&n of Landes Tents Rents Spirituall Promoc&ns and other Hereditamentf and those yerelye paymentf whereunto the saide late Kinge was intytuled or possessed of; or w1* sithence the makinge of the saide Statute, by reason that they have ben founde as Landes Tents Rents Tythes or other Heredytamentf concealed from the saide late Kinge Edward the Sixte, the late Kinge Henry the Eight, from the late Queene Marye, or any of them, or from yo' Ma'", or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaide or of any of them by force of the Statute premysed or any otherwise: Provided also, That this Subsidye graunted by the Cleargie shall not be demaunded or levied owte of any Benefyce Howse of Students or Colledge, scytuate or sett w,hin eyther of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any Benefyce Landes or other Revenues unto the saide Universities or eyther of them, or to any Howse of Students or Colledge in anye of the same Universityes, united appropriated or apperteyninge, or owte of any Benefice Landes or Revenues of the Colledge of Windesore, or of the Colledge of Westfii beinge of yo' Mall" Foundac&n, or of the Colledge of Eaton nighe Windesore, or of the Colledge called S* Maryes Colledge by Winchester, founded by Wiftm Wickham sometyme Bisshopp of Winchester, or of any Hospitalls Aimes Houses or Gramer Scoles, or of any Churche Benefyce or other Revenues, to the saide Colledgf Hospitalles Aimes Howses Aimes Halls or Grammer Scholes or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise apperteyninge: Provided alwayes, That all Psonnes Vicars and other Ecclesiasticall Psons whose Benefices are not above Sixe poundes thirtene shillingf and sower pence by yere, after the Taxaf&n aforesaide, shall not be chardged wUl this Subsidye or any parte thereof: Provided also, That every Vicar whose Benefice ys Eight poundes or above and not above Tenne poundes by yere after the Taxac&n aforesaide, shall paye every yere of the saide three yeeres,

onlye vj s. viij d. for his parte of the saide Subsydye as Stipendary Priests be chardged to paye by force of this

Graunte and not otherwise; and yf yt be under Eight pounde, he shall not be charged wth any parte of the saide

Subsidye: Provided also, That every Prieste and all other Eccfiasticall or late Religeous Psons, havinge a Pend&n

by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappells Chaunteries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalls, or any other Incorporac&n within the Province of Canterburye or any of them, and beinge of the some of Fower poundes or under and not above, shall not be charged or chargeable for any suche penc&n; Any thinge conteyned in this Graunte to the contrary notw^standinge. And for the suer and trewe payment of this Subsydye, graunted by yo' saide p>lats and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburye, accordinge to the teno' purporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this presente Graunte, Yo' saide p>lates and Cleargye moste humblye desire yo' Highnes that this their saide Guyfte Graunte and Subsidye, and every Matter some of Money Petydon Clawse Provisyons and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerninge the saide Subsidie, may be ratyfied established and confirmed by thaucthority of yo' Highnes Courte of Pliam’.

.p.1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 14.

683

rs

»^s

■Elf,

:sa,

A*

r«B

yfe:

fell

It la

BUS

i*

4 w.

mrs 2

yfa

snaae

Aaa>

CIS iwi. of its IE )TS fcdlE* softe r Eiis;

"V*1

tCAs:

Air*

A*

Of lA

icB»«

bt<*

*1*

fa«

ff«

SW*

f*

E & 0* i»

II.

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rents ; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

III.

Subsidy upon Impropriations may be levied on the Farmers thereof.

Wherfore for the true and sure payment of the saide Subsidye, graunted by the said Prelatf and Cleargie of Such Subsidy the sayd Province of Canterburye, accordinge to the Tenor Effecte and true Meaninge of the said Instrument, parliament^ Bee yt Enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma"* w,h the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the accordingly. Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the aucthoritye of the same, That the said Gyfte and Graunte, and everye Matter some of Monye Petic&n Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stande and bee ratified establyshed and confirmed by the Aucthoritye of this psent Parliament.

And Further bee yt enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaide, That everye person that shalbe appointed to the ColleccSn and Gatheringe of the said Subsidye, shall have full power and aucthoritye to levye take and perceyve the same Subsidye by the aucthoritye of the Censures of the Churche, That ys to saye, by Suspenc&n Excommunication or Interdicf&n, and also by Sequestrac&n of the Fruitf and Proffittes of their Benefices and PromocSns Spuall, in whose Handes so ever theye bee, and to make sale of the same Fruitf, w^out daunger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresses upon the Possessions of the Farmo" or Occupyers of the Landes and Teutf, chargeable by the saide Instrumentf for or to the payment of any some or somes of Moneye to bee due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collecto' thereof; And that no Repleavye Prohibif&n or Supersedias shalbee allowed or obeyed for any person or psons makinge defaulte for the payment of the said Subsidye, contrarye to the teno' of the Graunte thereof, untyll suche tyme as theye have truelye satisfied and contented all suche parte and por£5ns as to them in that behalfe apperteynethe: And that everye suche Farmour and Farmo", their Executo" and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to bee chardged to and w,h the payment of the said Subsidye or any parte thereof, shall by the aucthoritye afforesaide bee allowed and reteyne in his Hands asmuche of his yerelye Rent and Farme as the sdme wch he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Leassoure shall extende unto; Excepte the said Farmo' or Farmo" theire Executo" or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunte that theye have of any parte of the Landes Tythes Proffittf Tents chardgeable to the said Subsidye, or by force of anye Coven'nte or Article therein conteyned, to be bounde and chardged to paye the same, and thereof to dischardge the Leaso' and Landelorde duringe the Terme mec&ed in the saide Lease.

And lykewise bee it enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnte Parlyament, That whereas divers Curates lyable to this Subsidye beinge oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in dyvers Impropriac&ns belonginge to the Queenes Ma,k, as in other Spuall Promoc5ns belonginge to other persons; That for the spedye Recoverye of the saide Subsidye, yt maye bee lawfull to the Collecto' or Collecto" of the saide Subsidye, their Deputye or Deputies, to levye the said Subsidye upon the Farmo' or Farmo" or Occupiers of all suche Impropriations and Spuall Promoc&ns, by all Censures of the Churche aforesaide and everye of them, or by waye of Distresse of Tythes of the said Impropriation or Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promotions, or otherwyse upon the Goodes and Cattaillf of the saide Farmo' or Farmo" and Occupiers, in w'1' case no Inhibition Prohibition Repleavye or other Proces awarded to the contrarye, shalbee obeyed; Any La we Statutes Priviledgf or Customes to the contrarye hereof, heretofore made graunted or used or hereafter to bee made graunted or used, to the contrarye in any wyse notwithstandinge.

And that yt maye bee lawfull to the Collecto", and the Officers and Ministers of suche Archebisshopp Bisshopp and Deane and Chapiter, for not paym' of the said Subsidye after the same shalbee due in any of the said three yeres, to prayse and value the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighebours by hym to bee chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so praysed, to sell, and thereof to deteyne so muche Money as shall amounte to the s5me payable to the Quenes Ma,k, w"1 the reasonable Chardgf also of the saide Collecto' susteyned in that behalfe; and the reste of the Moneye made of the saide Distresse to bee delyvered and payed to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid, That everye Laye Psone having Spuall Promotion chardgeable by this Acte, and allso havinge Temporall Possessions Goodes Cattailles and Debtes chardgeable to the said Subsidye graunted in this Parliament by the Temporaltye, shalbee taxed chardged and set for his said Spuall Promoc&ns w"1 the Cleargye, and for his Temporall Possessions & Chattellf Realle w,h the Temporaltye, and not otherwise; Any Thinge before mended to the contrarye notw^standinge.

And bee yt further enacted by thaucthoritye aforesaide, That all and everye Graunte and Grauntes of all and everye sdme and somes of Money, wcl> hereafter shalbee graunted to the Quenes Ma"e by the Cleargye of the Province of Yorcke, shalbee of the same strengthe force and effecte in all things as the saide Graunte made by the saide Province of Caunterburye; and shalbee taxed certified collected levyed gathered and payed accordinge to the teno' forme and effecte of this p'sent Acte of Parliament, to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, in suche manner and forme as thoughe yt were speciallye playnelye and perticularlye expressed and rehersed in this pnte Acte, by expresse Wordes Termes and Sentences in theire severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaide. That all Provisoes before rehearsed, conteyned A1i pr^Jo,, in the said Graunte of the Prelates and Cleargye of the Province of Canterburye, and the lyke of the same Provisoes >" the Grant* hereafter to bee conteyned in the Graunte of the plates and Cleargie of the Province of Yorcke, shalbee good and confinn'd-effectuall, and to bee observed and kepte in everye Pointe and Article, accordinge to the true purporte and meaninge of the same.

IV.

Distresses may be appraised and loid.

V.

Lav Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

VI. Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

684

23° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 1580-1.

Motives for this Subsidy

Grant of Two whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable in Two Years; deducting .£6,000 out of each, for Poor Towns, Stc.

CHAPTER XV. (')

An Acte for a Subsidie and Two Fyfteens graunted by the Temporaltie.

'¥‘TT7’EE yor Ma'f moast obedyent humble faithfull and lovinge Subjects, being here in yor moaste Highe Courte of Y T Parlyament assembled, cannot but at oure fyrste Meetynge and ConsultacSn, entre into due Consideracdn of the greate Chardgf yor Highnes hathe susteyned, not only in seekyng, by waye of Prevention, to stoppe suche forreigne Attemptf as otherways (not provyded for) myght have been made verye daungerouse against this yo' Highnes! Realme and Us yor Subjects, (whiche hathe not and as Wee well consider could not be pformed w,houte the Imployment divers wayes of som greate porcSn of Treasure,) but especyally hathe been nowe of late putt to an infynyte Chardgf both by Sea and by Lande, in the prosecucftn of certeine evell affected Membres of yor Highnes! Realme of Ireland, that moast dysloyallye and unnaturally entred into actuall Rebellyon, w,h a manyfeste interne to shake of the Subjecc&n and Obedyence that by the Lawes of God and Man they are bound to yelde, and asmoche as in them was, to depryve and bereave the Crowne of that Realme from this yor Imperyall Crowne of England, to whiche it hath been so manye yeres joyned and annexed, and that pryncypally by the Practyse and Procurement of the Byshopp of Rome, Enemye to God yor Ma"* and to all this yo' Realme, not w^oute the Countenaunce and Helpe of som other greate and myghtie Potentates his Adherentf; althowghe Allmyghtie God of his Goodnes hathe hetherto geven yo' Mall* Victory, and dyverted the Attemptf, makinge them vayne and frutelesse: And therefore theis Things by Us considered. Wee cannot but w,h all Dutifulnes, yf wee did only consider the Chardgf past, w""oute regarde of the necessitie to w^stande future Attemptf, but present unto yof Ma"* oure readynes yeldinge to yor Highnes som liberall Contribucbn : But when Wee entre into further Consideration, Fyrste, howe the Fyer late kyndeled in that yo' Highness Realme of Ireland, is not yet quenched, whereby yor Ma"* ys forced, to yo' infynyte Chardgf, as well to subdue the evell affected of that Realme as also to impeache the forreyn Assistance, that by comon report and specyally by contynuall Sollicitac&n of sundrye Trayto" that were naturally borne Subjects to this and that yo' Crowne of Ireland, but unnaturallye are broken of and bee omemonstruouse rotten Membres, is preparinge to repayre thether, to contynewe greate forces in paye aswell by Sea as by Lande: Secundarylie, what advertizement and forewamyngf come as yt were from all ptf of Christendome of an intended Invasyon not only againste yo' said Realme of Ireland, but against the rest of yo' Ma'f Realmes and Domynyons: And lastly, what practizes are lately set abroache and in parte putt in Execution to breede a Divorce and AlyenatiSn of the good Amytie that hathe been betweene yo' Ma"* and yo’ next Neighbo', whiche if the same shuld take place, cannot but be an occasyon of greate Expencf and Chardges; Therefore upon Vieu of the premiss, consideringe the greate and most necessarye Chardgf already paste by yo' Highnes susteigned and greater like to ensue, (yf Wee were so ingrate as to forgeate the greate benefytes that Wee have receaved, throwghe the goodnes of Almyghtie God, under yo' Ma'f moast blessed and happie GovViem', as the like was never enjoyed by anye Subjects of this Lande,) cannot but in regarde of oure owne pticuler Safetyes strayne oureselves to the uttermost of oure power, to yelde suche Contribucbn as the Preservation of yo' moast excellent Ma"* and of oureselves yo' moast humble Subjects dothe moast justly requyre: And therefore to shewe oureselves aswell thankefull towards yo' Ma"*, as carefull to pvide that whiche may be for oure owne Safetye, Doe w"1 all Humyllytie, present unto yo' Highness a Subsidie and Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes towards yo' Highnes! greate Chardgf : And for the better Assur*unce and levyenge of this oure smalle Contribucbn of one Subsidie and Twoe Fyvetenes and Tenthes, Wee yo' faithfull and obedyent Subjects, doe moast humblie beseeche yo' Ma,k that yt may be inacted by the aucthoritie of this present Pliament, in manner and forme followeng, that is to saye; That yo' Highnes shall have Twoe Fivetenes & Tenthes, to be paid taken and levyed of the movable Goods Cattells and other Things usuall to suche Fyftenes and Tenthes to be contrybutorie and chardgeable, wthin the Shires Cytties Borowghes Townes and other Places of this yo’ Ma0" Realme, in maner and forme aforetyme used; except the sume of Twelve thowsand pounds thereof fully to be deducted, that is to saye; Syxe thowsand pounds of either of the said whole Fyftenes and Tenthes, in Relyef Comfort and Dischardge of the poore Townes Cyttyes and Borowghes of this yo' said Realme, wasted desolate or destroyd or overgreatly impoverysshed, after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme ben hadd and made to every Shire, and to be devyded in suche maner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteene & Tenth hathe ben had and devided ; And the said Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes (the Exception and Deduction aforesaid thereupon had deducted & allowed) to be payde in Maner and Forme followenge, That is to saye; The firste whole Fiftene and Tentbe (excepte before excepted) to be payde to yo' Highnes in the Receipte of yo' Highnes Eschequer before the fowrthe daye of June next comynge; And the saide seconde Fiftene & Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be payde to yo' Highnes in the saide Receipte of yo' Exchequer, before the tenthe daye of Maye whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande five hundreth fowrescore & twoe.

II.

Collecton shall be >oiuted by the

And Be yt further Inacted by the aucthorytie aforesaide, That the Knightf elected and reto'ned of & for the Shires w^in this Realme for this fPsent Pliament, Cyttizens of Cytties, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, where Collectours have ben used to be named and appoynted for the Collection of any Fiftene and Tenthe before this tyme •erenl Shiret, 4c.; shall name & appoynt before the tenthe daye of Aprill next comyng, sufficient & able psons to be Collecto™ for

the Collection of the saide firste Fiftene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenth

Member* of Parliament for the

’ From the Original A&. See Note at beginning of this Year.

•=v

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. J5

685

V

S

■*»

'4*

*a»

■ bs

«*

k«

W*

OS;

*>S*i

tins

mir

mii

lab

'■*

dots

«*e

i.M

aj»*>

ben

«F«

aiin

■i*

to*

tfc*:

MkF

to«*

rf«F"

■ to* W®= K^l*

«*

M*'

rf*»

to*

k*J

i*<

daye of Marche whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore and one,

other sufficient and able psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the seconde Fiftene and Tenthe in every of

the saide Shires Cytties Boroughes and Townes; the saide psons then havinge Lands Tenementes and other

Heredytamentf in theire owne Righte of an Estate of Inheritaunce of the yerely valew of twende powndf, or in

Goods woorthe Twoe hundreth powndf at the leaste, after suche rate 8c valew as he shall be rated in the Subsidie

Booke, yf any suche be in the saide Lymytf, and for want of suche so assessed that those shall be appoynted

Collectours that then shall be rated & taxed in the Subsydie Booke in Lands or Goods nerest to the values

aforesaide; And also such pson and psons so by them to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide Such^CoOtctav

Twoe Fiftenes 8c Tenthes, shall be by them sePally appoynted and allotted into Hundrethes Rapes Wapentakes ^venii

Cytdes Boroughes and Townes; And also the said psons so named 8c appoynted for the Collection of the said and chargeable

sev'all Fiftenes 8e Tenthes, shall be severally chardged & chardgeable, upon his or theire Accompte or Accomptes KVerally;

in the Exchequer to bee made, w"1 all such some or sommes of Money as the Hundrede Rapes Wapentakes Cytties

Boroughes & Townes where he or they shall so happen to bee appointed shall amownte unto, and of no more

some or sdmes; And upon the payment of suche somes of money as he or they shall be so chardged wythe, shall

be dischardged 8c have his & their Quietus est, The not accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the

insufficiencye of them or any of them, notwithstanding; And the Names & Surnames of every of the saide Collecto" «nd their Nime»

for the saide Firste Fiftene 8c Tenthe, together withe the places allotted to theire Collection 8c Chardge, the .saide chancery (

Knightf Cyttizens & Burgess, for the Shires Cytties 8e Boroughes whereunto they be allotted named ande retorned,

shall certifie before the Quenes Majestie in her Chauncery before the tenthe daye of Maye next comyng; and

likewise the Names and Surnames of every of the saide Collecto" so to be named and appoynted for the Collection

of the said seconde Fiftene 8c Tenthe, together w,h the Places allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide

Knightf Cyttizens & Burgess shall likewise certifie into the saide Courte of Chauncerye before the tenth daye

of Aprill whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore 8c two, according

to the tenor of this Acte: And yf defaulte of any suche certifieng be hadd or made in forme as is aforsaid, then the °r " Defiult^tuch

Lorde Chauncello' of England, or Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, shall imediately after name & .pointed by\he

appoynte Collecto" for the Collection of either of the saide Fiftenes and Tenthes, in suche like manner and forme as Lord Chancellor j

the saide Knightf of the Shire Cyttizens of Cytties & Burgess of Boroughes should have doon, and as afore tyme

hathe bene used; The whiche saide Collecto", 8c every of them so to be named and appoynted as is aforesaide, Their Allowance;

shall have Allowaunce upon theire Accomptes for theire Fees Wags 8c Rewardf for the Collection of the saide Fifteenes

and Tenthes, in as lardge maner 8c forme as any Collectour or Collecto" of any Fiftene and Tenthe have hadd at

any season in tyme paste; And that the Barons of the Quenes Exchequer for the tyme beinge shall 8c may from Proceu against

tyme to tyme awarde suche processe for the speedy Paymente of the saide sev^all Fiftenes and Tenthes againste the them-

Collecto' or Collecto" of the same, as by theire Discretions shall be thought convenyent.

Provided alwayes and be it inacted by the aucthoritie of this p*sent Pliament, That the saide Lorde Chauncello' Collectors shall or Keper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, Knightf of the Shire, Cyttizens of the Cytties, Burgess of Boroughes Townes 8c other Places, having aucthorytie by this present Acte to nomynate the said Collecto" of or for the for due Payment Collection of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes, shall uppon their Nomynac&n and Election hadd 8c made, take by °f the Sub,ld,M-aucthorytie of this present Pliament, sufficient Recognizaunces or Obligacon of everye pson so by them to be named, to be bownde to the Quenes Majestie in the double summe of the sum of theire Collection; and to be indorsed upon suche Condic&n, that yf the same Collecto' and Collecto" of the saide Firste Fiftene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe, do trulye contente and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestie in her Receipte of Exchequer for the saide firste Fiftene and Tenthe, at or before the saide fowrth daye of June next cdmyng, and for the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daye of Maye whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore 8c twoe, so moche of the saide summe of Money allotted 8c appoynted to his Collection, as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and do likewise after the saide fowrthe daye of the saide moneth of June, and the saide tenthe day of Maye in every of the saide twoe yeres, contente 8c pay to the Quenes Majesties use at the same Receipte of the Exchequer the Residue of his Collection and Chardge, w^in one Monethe next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz'unce or Obligac&n to be voyde, or ells to stande in his full strengthe and power; whiche Recognizaunce or Obligac&n so taken, the same Knightf of the Shire Cyttizens 8c Burgess, and every of them taking any suche Recognizaunce or Obligac&n, shall certyfie and delyver to the Lorde Treasourer and Barons of the same Excheq', before the same fowrthe daye of June and tenthe daye of Maye in every of the saide two yeres, upon payne of forfaicture of tenne powndf to the Quenes Highnes for every Recognizaunce or Obligac&n so to be taken and not certified; And that every suche Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make 8c knowledge the same Recognizaunce or Obligac&n accordingly, upon peyne of forfaicture of twenty powndf to the Quene for his refusal! thereof; And that the Treasourer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme beinge, uppon the payment of the same Collection at the saide Dayes, shall cancell and delyver the saide Recogniz’unce or Obligacon to the saide Collecto' or Collecto" w^owte any other Warraunte, and withowte any Fee or Rewarde to be payed to any pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weigh tie Considerac&ns aforesaide, Wee the Lords Spirituall 8c Temporall, IV.

and the Cdmons in this p’sent Pliament assembled, Doe by o' lyke Assent and Aucthorytie of this Pliament, gyve 8c graunte to yo' Highnes o' saide Sov'eigne Ladie the Quenes Majeste yo' Heires and Successo", One entire

8 M

686

23° Eliz. c. 15

A.D. 1580-1.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty ; viz. Of Subject!, above

li. 8 d. per Pound for the first Payment, and is. for the Second.

On Aliens, 31. 4d. for the first Payment, and as. for the Second.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to Subsidy,

4d. each Payment.

V.

Subsidy on Lands of 20s. per Annum and upwards, by Two Payments, viz. On Natives, as. 8d. and is. 4d.

On Aliens,

5s. 4d. and as. 8d.

VI.

Proportional Rates;

Exceptions;

Mode of rating Personalty, See.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, See.

VII. Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

Subsidies to be rated taxed levied and payed at two severall Paymentf, of every pson Spirituall & Temporall, of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte, in maner 8c forme followenge, That is to saye ; Aswell of every pson borne w,kin this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and every Fratemytie Guylde Corporacftn Mistery Brothead and Comynaltie, corporated or not corporated, w"in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynions, beinge woorthe Three powndf, for every pownde aswell in Coigne and the Value of every pownde that every suche Pson Fratemytie Guylde Corporac&n Mystery Brotherhead Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or theire owne or any other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stocke of Schaundize all maner of Corne & Grayne Howsholde Stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, aswell w,hin this Realme as w^owte, and of all suche surnmes of money as to hym or them is or shalbe owenge, whereof he or they truste in his or their conscyence surely to be payed, Excepte and owte of the phniss deducted suche surnmes of money as he or they owe, ande in his or theire conscyence entendeth truly to paye, And except also the Apparrell of every suche psons their Wyves and Children belongeng to theire owne Bodies, Savinge Jewellf Golde Silver Stone and Perle, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, Twentie pence for every pownde, and to 8c for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, twelve pence for every pownde: And also everye Alyen and Straunger borne owte of the Queenes obeyzaunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabiteng wlkin this Realme, of every pownde that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of every pownde in Plate Corne Grayne iSchaundize Howsholde Stuffe or other Goods Jewells Cattellf moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaide, as well w*"in this Realme as withowte, and of all surnmes of Money to hym or them oweng, whereof he or they truste in his or theire conscyence to be paied, Excepte and owte of the same p>miss deducted, every suche summe or surnmes of Money whiche he or they doe owe and in his or theire conscyence or conscyences intende truly to paye, shall paye of and for every pownde, to and for the first payment of the saide Subsidie three shillingf sour pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie twoe shillingf of everye pownde: And also that every Alyen and StrVinger borne owte of the Quenes Domynyons, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contributory to any the Rates abovsaide, and being of the Age of seaven yeares or above, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, iiij d. and to & for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, sour pence for everye Pole; And the Mr or he or shee w" whome the same Alyen is or shall be abidenge at the tyme of the taxa&n or taxac&ns thereof, to be charged withe the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be yt further Inacted by thaucthorytie aforesaide, That every pson borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce, and every Corporafftn Fratemytie Guylde Misterye Brotherhead and Comunallie, corporate or not corporate, for every pownde that every of the same psons, and every Corporac&n Fratemytie Guylde Mysterye Brotherhead ande Comunaltie corporate or not corporate, or any other to his or theire use, hathe in Fee symple Fee taile, for terme of Lyes, terme of Yeres, by Execuf&n Wardshippe or by Coppy of Cowrte Rolle, of and in any Hono" Castellf Mano1* Lands Tenementf Rents Services Heredytaments Anuyties Fees Corrodies or other yerely Proffittf of the yerely value of twentie shillingf, aswell w^in aucyente Demeasne and other Places priviledged or ells wheare, and so upwarde, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, twoe shillingf eight pence of and for every pownde, and to & for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, sixtene pence of and for everye pownde: And everye Alyen Denizen or not Denizen, borne owte of the Quenes Obeysaunce, in suche case to paye, at the firste of the saide paymentf, five shillingf & sour pence of every pownde ; and at the seconde payment, twoe shillingf & eighte pence, of and for every pownde.

And that all sumes p>sented & chardgeable by this Acte, either for Goods & Debts or eyther of them, or for Lands and Tenementf and other the p>misses as is in this Acte conteyned, shall be at either of the saide paymentf sett & taxed after the Rate and Porc&n according to the true meanyng of this Acte; (Landes 8c Tenementf chardgeable to the Dismes of the Cleargie, and yerely Wages due to Servauntf for theire yerely Service, other then the Quenes Servauntf taking yerely Wages of fyve powndf or above, only excepted Sc foreprised:) And that all Plate Coyne Jewells Goods Debts and Cattells Psonalls, being in the Rule Sc Custodye of any pson or psons to the use of any Corporac&n Fratemytie Guylde Mystery Brotherhead or any Comunaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, be and shall be rated sett Sc chardged by reason of this Acte, at the value certified by the p*senters of that Certificate of every pownde in Goods and Debts as is abovesaide, And of every pounde in Lands Tenementf Anuyties Fees Corrodies and other yerely Proffitf as is abovesaide, and the sumes that are above reherced sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custodye, or otherwise chardged for Lands as is before rehersed; And the same pson or psons and Body Corporate, by Aucthorytie of this Acte shall be dischardged againste hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyvery thereof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custodye or Possession of the same: Excepte 8c alwayes foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsidie, all Goods Cattells Jewells and Ornamentes of Churches and Chappells, whiche have bene ordeyned 8c used in Churches or Chappells for the hono' and service of Almightie God.

And the firste payment of the saide Subsidye shall be by aucthorytie aforesaide, taxed sessed 8c rated according to this Acte, in every Shire Ridynge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cyttie Boroughe Towne ande every other Place within this Realme of England and Wales and other the Quenes Domynions, before the xij,h daye of Maye next comynge; And the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie shall be by the Aucthorytie aforsaid, taxed assessed 8c rated before the twentieth daye of September whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score 8c twoe; And the pticter sumes of every Shire Rydyng Boroughe Towne and other Places aforesaide, withe

,4.0.1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 15

687

14

»«

•44

4"»

in

4i

:*k

kfc*

to:

4«

w*

■*!

»*

(IB:

BWt

"!!"

Mils

tffei

«^!*

air

*F-

kla*

B,*

i id*

pooeii

dr*

fldO

As*'

«*

up*

Os#1

■*

t*

t*

the ptider Names of suche as are chardgeable for and to the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comyssyoners to the same lymyted or two of them at the leaste, withe the Names of the Highe Collecto™, and in the same fourme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the twelveth daye of Julye next c5mynge : And the ptider sumes of every Shire Rydynge Boroughe Towne and other Places aforesaid, w* the ptider Names of suche as are chardgeable for and to the seconde payment of the sayde Subsydie, to be taxed and sett, by Comyssioners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the leaste, withe the Names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same fourme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the twentieth daye of October, whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score and twoe ; And the saide sumes, in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be payed into the Quenes Receipte of her Exchequer aforsaide, to the use of o' saide Sov’aigne Ladye, before the tenth daye of October next comynge; And the saide sumes in maner and forme aforesaid, to be taxed for the seconde payment of the said Subsidye, shall be payed into the Receipte aforsaid, to the use aforsaide, before the twentieth daye of November whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and twoe. And the sumes abovesaide of & for the saide Subsidie shall be taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed & payed to the use of o' saide Sov’aigne Ladye her Heires and Successo" in forme abovesaide, aswell within the Libties Fraunchesies Sanctuaries auncyent Demeane and other whatsoever Places, exempte or not exempte, as withowte ; Excepte suche Shires Places and Psons as shall be foreprised in and by this j5nte Acte; Any Graunte Charter Prescription Use or Libertie by reason of any Ires Patentes, or other Pryviledge Prescription Allowaunce of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Dischardge, heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteigned, notwithstandinge.

And yt is further Inacted by the Aucthorytie of this p*sent Pliament, That every suche pson, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeisaunce, as every other pson Straunger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, inhabyteng within this Realme or within Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, whiche at the tyme of the saide Assessing f or Taxac&ns or of eyther of them to be hadd or made, shall be owte of this Realme or owte of Wales, and have Goods Cattellf Lands or Tenementf Fees or Anuyties or other Proffittf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged 8c chardgeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhit*untf of the place wheare suche Goods Cattells Lands Tenementf or other the ^misses then shall be, or in suche other place where suche pson or his Facto' Deputie or Attomeye shall have his moste resorte unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as yf the saide pson weare or hadd bene at the tyme of the saide Assessinge within this Realme; And that every pson abydeng or dwelling within this Realme or withowte this Realme, shalbe chardged or chardgeable to the same Subsidie graunted by this Acte, accordinge and after the Rate of suche yerely substaunce or value of Lands and Tenementf Goods Cattells and other the phniss, as every pson so to be chardged shalbe sett at, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or Taxation upon hym to be made, ande none otherwise.

And Further be yt Inacted by the Aucthorytie aforesaid, That for the sessinge and orderinge of the saide Subsidie to be duely hadd, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Kep of the Greate Seale, the Lord Threasourer of England, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Majesties Howsholde, the Lord Admyrall of Englande, the Lorde Chamberleyne of the Quenes moste Honorable Howsholde for the tyme beinge, or twoe of them at the leaste, whereof the Lorde Chauncello' of England or Kep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and maye name and appoynte, of and for every Shire Ryding and other Places aswell within this Realme as in Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, and also of and for every Cyttie and Towne being a Cowntie of yt self, and of and for the Isle of Wighte, suche certen nomber of psons of every of the same Shires Rydyngf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cytties Townes and Isle of Wighte, and every other place as they shall thincke convenyent, to be Commyssyoners of and within the same place, whereof they be Inhabitauntf; And also of and for the honourable Howsholde of the Quenes Majestie, in what Shyre or other Place the saide Howsholde shall happen then to be; and the Lorde Chauncello' or Lorde Kep of the Greate Seale, and other w,h hym before named, or twoe of them as is aforesaide, in like maner may name and appoynte of everye other suche Boroughe and Towne Corporate, aswell in England as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as they shall thincke requisite, sixe fyve sour three or twoe of the head Officers, and other honest Inhabit'untf of every of the sayde Cytties Boroughes and Townes Corporate, according to the nomber & multytude of the people being in the same; The whiche psons, yf any suche be thereunto named of the saide Inhabitauntes of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate not being Cowntyes of themselfff, shall be joyned and put in as Comyssyoners w’h the psons named for suche Shires and Rydyngf as the saide Boroughes & Townes Corporate not being Cownties in themselfff, be sett and have theire beeing; Whiche psons so named for and of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Cownties, by reason of theire dwelling in the same, shall not take uppon them nor none of them, to put any parte of theire Comyssion in execution for the jPmisses owte of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named only; nor to execute the saide Comyssion within the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwellinge, but att suche dayes and tymes as the saide other Comyssyoners for the same Shire and Ridinge shall thereunto lymyt & appoynte, within the same Boroughe and Towne Corporate not being Cownty Corporate whereof they be so named, and not owte of suche Boroughe or Towne; And in that maner to be aydinge & assistynge w"1 the saide other ComyssyoSs in and for the good executinge of theffecte of the saide Comyssion; upon payne of every of the said Comyssyonls, so named for every suche Cyttie Borough and Towne Corporate not being a Countie, to make such Fyne as the saide other Comyssyoners in the Comyssion of and for the same Shyre or Rydynge so named, or Three of them at the leaste,

to be piid at well within Liberties ai without:

[S« f XXXI.]

VIII.

Rating of Abaenteea and othera, according to Aaaeaamenta, &c.

IX.

Appointment of Commiaaiooera, for making Asaesamenta in Shirea, Citiea, Ice.

Limited Powera of Commiationera in Corporationa;

688

23° Eliz. c. 15

A.D. 1580-1

Commiiriont shall be inued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

X.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, See.;

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, See. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

XI.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify

shall by theire discrec&n sett and certyfie into the Quenes Exchequer, there to be levyed to the use of the Queues Majesrie, in like maner as yf suche or like sumes hadd ben sett & rated upon every suche pson for the saide Subsidie; The whiche ComyssyoSs so named, of and for the saide Cytties Boroughes and Townes not being Cownties, and only put into the saide Comyssion by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not have any parte of the porc&n of the Fees and Rewardf of the ComyssyoSs and theire Clearkf in this Acte afterwarde specified & allowed. And the Lorde Chauncello' of England or the Kep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme being, shall make and directe owte of the Courte of the Chauncery under the Greate Seale, several! Comyssyons, That is to save, For every Shyre Rydynge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cyttie Towne Boroughe Isle and Howsholde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discretion and any of the other with hym before named and appoynted, as is before rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessinge and levyenge of the saide Subsidie in all Shires and Places accordinge to the true meaning of this Acte; Whiche Comyssion for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be directed and delyvered to the saide ComyssyoSs or to one of them before the sixtenth day of Aprill next comyng; And the Comyssion for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be directed and delyvered to the said ComyssyoSs or to one of them before the xxvjUl daye of July, whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score and twoe; And to every of the saide Comyssions Ten Scedules, conteyneng in them the teno' of this Acte, shall be affiled; By the whiche Comyssion the ComyssyoSs in every suche Comyssion named according to this Acte, & as manye of them as shall be appoynted by the saide Comyssion, shall have full Power and Aucthorytie to put theffecte of the same Comyssion in Execuc&n: And that by aucthorytie of this Acte, after suche Comyssions to them directed, they maye by theire Assentf and Agreement^ sever themselfff for the execuc&n of theire Comyssion, in Hundreds Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Pishes and other Places w^in the lymytes of theire saide Comyssion, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedyent to be ordered, and bet wen e them to be communed and agreed, according to the tenor and effecte of the Comission to them therein directed, uppon whiche severaunce every pson of this pnte Pliament that shalbe Comyssyoner shalbe assigned into the Hundrede wheare he dwelleth : Provided allwayes, That noe pson be or shall be compelled to be any Comyssioner to and for the Execuc&n of this present Acte, but only in the Shire wheare he dwelleth & inhiteth ; And that any pson assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in Execuc&n the effecte of this Acte or anye pte thereof

And yt is also Inacted by the aucthorytie of this pnte Pliam', That the Comyssioners and every of them whiche shall be named lymyted and appoynted according to this Acte to be Comyssioners, in every suche Shire Rydyng Lathe Wapentake Rape Cyttie Towne Boroughe Isle and the saide Howsholde or any other place, and none other, shall truly effectually & diligently for theire ptes execute the effecte of this present Acte accordinge to the Teno' thereof in every behalfe, ande none otherwise by any other meanes, withowte omyssion favo' dreade malice or any other thinge to be attempted or doon by them or any of them to the contrary thereof: And the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as shall be appoynted by the saide Comyssyon, and none other, for the execuc&n of the saide Comyssion & Acte, shall for the taxac&n of the saide firste payment of the saide Subsidye, before the sixe and twentieth daye of Aprill next comynge, and for the taxac&n of the saide seconde payment of the saide Subsidye, shall before the eight and twentieth daye of Auguste, whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore and twoe, by vertue of the Comyssion delyvered unto them in forme aforesaide, directe theyre severall or joynte Precept or Preceptes unto eighte seaven sixe fyve sour three or twoe, as for the nomber of the Inhabytauntf shall be requysite, of the moste substanciall discreete & honest psons Inhabitauntf, to be named by the saide ComissioSs or by as many of them as shall be appoynted by the saide C5myssion, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Pishes Townes and other Places, aswell w*hin Liberties Fraunchesys Auncyent Demeanes Places exempted and Sanctuaries as withowte, within the lymytes of the Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cytties Townes Boroughes and Isle aforsaide, and other Places within the lymytes of theire Comyssion, and to the Constables Subconstables Baylieff and other like Officers & Ministers of every of the saide Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Places aforesaide, as to the saide Comyssyoners and every nomber of them or unto thre or twoe of them by theire discrec&n in devision shall seeme expedyent, as by the maner and use of those pties shalbe requysyte; Straitely by the saide fPcepte chardging and comaundingee the saide Inhabitauntf Constables and other Officers aforesaide, to whome suche Precepte shall be so directed, to appere in theire prop psons before the saide Comyssyoners or suche number of them as they shall dyvide themselves, according to the teno' of the saide Comyssion, at certeyn dayes & places by the saide Comyssyoners or any nomber of them as is aforsaide, w^in Cytties Boroughes or Townes Corporate or withowte in any other Places as is aforsaide, by theire discrec&n shall be lymyted thereunto, to do and accomplishe all that to them on the ptie of the Quenes Majestic shall be injoyned towchinge this Acte; Comaunding further by the same p>cepte, that he to whose Hands suche Preceptf shall come, shall shewe and delyver the same to the other Inhabitauntf or Officers named in the same Precepte; And that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, uppon payne of sortie shillingf to be forfaicted to the Quenes Majesrie.

And yt is further ordeyned by the aucthorytie of this p*sent Pliament, That at the said daye and place pfixed and lymyted in the said p*cepte, every of the Comyssyoners then being in the Shyre, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the daye and place pfixed for that pte whereunto he was lymyted, shall appere in his proper pson ; and there the same Comyssyoners being present, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Majesties Cdmyssyon, shall call or cawse to be called before them the said Inhabytauntf and Officers to whome they

A.D. 1580-1. 23° Eliz. c. 15. 689

«*

M

a

«*

it

■fa

fa»

Bae

ws*t

‘■*k

■h*

aas

■ta:

fata

ut

taftii taka tkasa f®, Befat t of ka o'Ltab faaita fat*

was

lb,*» i, staid pnsii Plata tar nilfa *,«' J»* ;a* fa*5 iea*: ijai

■ 0t>-

fa*

fa*

tP

ta*

have directed theire saide Preceptf, and whiche had in comaundement there to appere by vertue of the saide pcepte; And yf any pson so warned make defaulte, unlesse he then be letted by sickenes or lawfull excuse, and that let then be wytnessed by the Othes of twoe credible psons, Or yf anye appering refuse to serve in forme followenge, then every suche pson so making defaulte or refusenge to serve, shall forfaicte to the Quenes Ma"* forty shyllyngf; and so at every tyme appoynted by the sayde Comissioners for the same Taxac&n, unto suche tyme the number of every suche psons have appeared and certified in forme under wrytten, every of them so making defaulte or refuseng so to serve, shall forfaicte to the Quenes Majestie sortie shillingf: And uppon the same Appearaunce had, they shall be chardged before the Comyssyoners by all convenyent wayes & meanes, (other then by Corporal! Othe,) to enquyre of the beste and moste valewe of the Substaunce of every pson dwelling and abydeng within the lymytes of the Places that they shall be chardged withe, and of other whiche shall have his or theire moste resorte unto any of the saide Places, & chardgeable withe any some of Money by this Acte of this saide Subsidie, and of all other Thinges requysite towcheng the said Acte, and accordinge to the intente of the same; and thereupon as nere as yt maye be, or shall come to theire knowledge, withowte respecte of any former TaxacSn heretofore hadd, truly to present & cerdfie before the saide Comyssyoners, the names & s'naines and the beste & uttermoste substaunce and values of every of them, aswell of Lands Tenem’f and other Heredytamentf Possessyons and Proffyttf as of Goods Cattells Debtes and other thinges chardgeable by the same Acte, withowte anye Concealement Love Favo' Affection Dreade or Malice, uppon payne of forfaicture of Fyve powndf or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this present Acte shall be lymyted or appoynted: And thereupon the saide Comyssyoners shall openly theare reade or cawse to be readd unto them, the saide Rates in this Acte mentyoned, and openly declare theffecte of theire chardge unto them, in what maner and forme they ought and shoulde make theyre Certificate, according to the Rates and Sumes thereof abovesaide, and of all maner of psons, aswell of Alyens and Straungers Denyzens or not Denizens, inhabyteng within this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chardgeable to this Acte; And of the Possessions Goods and Cattellf of Fraternyties Guyldf Corporacbns Brotherheadf Mysteries Communalties and other as is abovesaide, and of psons being in the parties of beyonde the Seaes, havinge Goods & Cattellf Lands or Tenementf withb this Realme as is aforesaide, and of all Goods being in the Custody of any pson or psons, to the use of any other as is abovesaide; By the whiche Informac&n & sheweng, the saide psone shoulde have suche playne knowledge of the true intente of this present Acte, and of the maner of theire Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cawse to excuse them by Ignoraunce: And after suche Chardge, and the Statute of the saide Subsidie, and the manner of the saide Certificate to be made in Wryteng, conteyneng the Names and Surnames of every pson, and whether he be borne withowt the Quenes Obeysaunce or within, and the beste value of every pson in everye Degree, aswell of the yerely value of Lands and Tenementf and of suche like Possessyons & Proffittf, as the value of Goods and Cattelles Debtes, and every thynge to theire Certificate requisite and necessarie to them declared, the saide ComissioSs there beinge shall by theire discrec&ns appoynte and lymyte unto the saide psons another daye & place to appere before the saide Comyssyonis, and charginge the saide psons that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent Inquyrye by all wayes and meanes of the pmiss ; and then & theare every of them, upon payne of forfeiture of Fortie Shillingf to the Quenes Majestie, to appere at the saide new pffixed daye 8c place, there to certifie unto the saide Comyssyoners in wrytenge accordinge to theire saide Chardge, and accordinge to the true intente of the saide Graunte of Subsidie, and as to them in maner aforsaid hathe bene declared and shewed by the Comyssyonis: At whiche daye and place so to them ftffixed, yf anye of the saide psons make defaulte, or appere and refuse to make the saide Certificate, that then every of them so offendinge, to forfaicte to the Quenes Majestie Forty Shillyngf; Excepte there be a reasonable excuse of his defaulte, by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Othes of twoe credible psons there wytnessed: And of suche as appere redye to make Certificate as is aforsaide, the saide Comyssioners there beinge, shall take and receyve the same Certificate and every pte thereof, and the names values and substaunce of every pson so certified ; and yf the same Comyssyoners see cause reasonable, they shall examen the saide Presenters thereof, and thereuppon the saide Comyssyoners at the saide dayes & place, by theire Agreement amongst themselves, shall from tyme to tyme there openlye p^fixe a daye at a certen place or places within the Lymyttes of theire Comyssyon by theire discrec&n, for theire further proceedinge to the saide assessynge of the same Subsidie: And thereupon at the saide daye of the saide Certificate as is aforsaide taken, the same Comyssyoners shall make theire p>cepte or Preceptf to the Constables Subconstables Bailieff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforsaide, as the same ComyssyoSs shalbe of, compriseng and conteynenge in the same Precepte the Names & Surnames of all psons presented before them in the saide Certificat, of whome yf the saide Comyssyoners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comyssion, shall then have vehement sspecte to be of more greater value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattells or Sumes of Money oweng to them, or other substaunce before saide, then upon suche pson or psons shalbe so certified 8c specified as aforsaid, the same Comyssyoners shall make theire Precepte or Preceptes, directed to the Constable Bailiefff or other Officers, comaunding the same Constable Bailives or other Officers to whome suche Preceptes shall be directed, to warne suche psones whose names shalbe comprised in the said Preceptf, at their Mansyons or to theire psones, that the same psones named in suche Precepts and every of them, shall psonallye appeare before the saide Comyssyoners at the same newe prefixed daye and place, theare to be examyned by all wayes and meanes, (other then by corporal! Othe,) by the said Comissyoners, of theire greateste substaunce and best value, and of all and everie sumes of Money oweng to them, and other whatsoever matter concernyng the premiss or any of them accordinge to this Acte: At whiche daye and place so prefixed, the saide Comyssyoners then and theare beinge, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comyssyon, shall cawse to be called the saide psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide Precepte as is aforesaid, for theire examinacbn; And yf anye of those psons whiche shalbe warned as is aforsaide to be examyned, whiche at any tyme

the Value of all Property, rateable to auch Subiidiei ; on Penalty of /£$.

Charge of the Commissioners to such Inquirer*;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Summoning Parties underrated;

8 N

690

23° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 1580-1

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double j

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Laj Possessions.

XII.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, &c. not exceeding £io.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,ice. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XIII.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, &c.

Commissioners, within Shires; Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, Sic.

Relief against Double Charges.

after the warning and before the prefixed daye, shalbe within suche place where he maye have knowledge of his saide Apparaunce to be made, make defaulte and appere not, unlesse a reasonable cawse or ells a reasonable excuse by the Othes of twoe credible p6ones before the saide Comyssyoners be trulye alleaged for his dischardge, that then everye of them so makinge defaulte, to be taxed and chardged to the Quenes Ma,ie, withe and at the dooble sumes of the Rate that he shoulde or ought to have ben set at, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substaunce upon hym certified yf he hadd appered, by the discrec&n of the Comyssyoners there beinge; Whiche ComssioSs shall travaile w* everye of the other psons so then and theare appearinge, whose names shalbe expressed in the saide Precepte or Preceptes, and in whome any vehement suspecte was or shalbe hadd in forme abovesaid, by all suche wayes & meanes as they can, (other then by corporall Othe,) for the better knowledge of theire best values eyther in Hereditamentf or Possessions, eyther ells in Goods or Debtes. And that every Spirituall pson at either of the saide Taxac&ns of the saide Subsydye, shalbe rated and sett accordinge to the Rate abovesaide, of and for every pownde that the same Spirituall pson or any other to his use hathe by Discent Bargayne or Purchase, in Fee Symple Fee Tayle Terme of lyes Terme of yeres by Execution by Wardshippe or by Coppye of Courte Roll, in any Manno" Lands Tenementf Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodyes Anuyties or Heredytamentf, after the true juste and yerely value thereof, and according as other the Quenes Ma'f Subjects borne within this Realme, be chardged in forme above remembred, so that yt extende to the yerely value of Twentie Shillingf or above.

And yt is further Inacted, That yf the saide Taxours or Assesso" shall not duely behave themselff in theire Inquyrie Taxation Assessement or Certyficate, but shall affectionately corruptlye or partiallye demeane themselff in that behalf, in suche wise that the Comyssyoners shall by theire Consideration deme them Offendo" worthy of punyshem' for not dooing theire Dutyes therein, That then sour or more of the ComyssyoSs in that Cowntye for this Subsydye, shall have power and aucthorytie by theire discretion, either to charge the saide Assesso" upon theire corporall Othes for the better service aforsaid in that behalf, or ells by their discretions to taxe and set uppon every of the saide Assesso" for theire Mysdemeano" in that behalfe, suche a Fyne or Payne as they shall thincke good, so that yt exceede not the sume of Tenne powndf ; And the same Fyne or Payne at their discretions to estreate into the Courte of Exchequer; everye whiche Fyne so taxed and sett by sour of the said Comyssyoners or more and being estreated, withe the Scedule and Bookes of that lymytt, shalbe levied and awnswered to the Quenes use, in like maner and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other sumes that shalbe taxed and become due- by vertue of this Statute & Acte of Subsidye, and not in anye other wise or manner: And yf anye pson certifyed or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be Comyssioner or other, to any maner of value, dothe fynde hymselfe gryeved withe the same presentment sessinge or taxinge, and thereupon complayne to the Comyssyoners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before twoe of them, before the same Taxac&n be certyfied into the Cowrte of Exchequer, That then the saide Comyssyoners, or two of them, shall by all waies and meanes, examyn pticulerly and distinctlye the pson so complaynenge, upon his Othe, and other his neighbo" by theire discretions, of every his Lands and Tenementf above specified, and of every his Goods Cattelif and Debtes above mencSned; And after due examynac&n and pfecte knowledge thereof hadd and pceyved by the saide Comyssyoners, or twoe of them, whiche shall have power by Aucthorytie aforsaid, the saide Comyssyoners or twoe of them to whome any such Complaint shalbe made, by theire discrec&n, upon the Othe of the said pson so complaynenge, maye abate defalke encrease or enlarge the same Assessementf according as yt shall appeare unto them juste upon the same Examynacon; And the same sume so abated defaulked encreased or enlardged, shalbe by them estreated in forme as hereafter ensueth: And yf yt be proved by witness or by the pties owne Confession or other lawfull wayes or meanes, within a yere after anye suche Othe made, that the same pson so taxed and sworne was of any better or greater valewe in Lands Goods or other Things above specifyed at the tyine of his said Othe, [then1] the same pson so sworne did declare upon his saide Othe, that then every suche pson so offending shall lose & forfeicte to the Quenes Majestie somoche lawfull Money of England as he the same pson so sworne was sett at or taxed to paye.

And also yt is Inacted by the same Aucthoritye, That every pson to be rated at the saide Taxacon as aforsaid, shalbe rated taxed and sett and the same on hym sett to be levied, at suche Place wheare he and his Famylie at the tyme of the same Presentment to be made, shall kepe his Howse or Dwellinge, or wheare he then shalbe moste conversaunte abydeng or resyaunte or shall have his moste resorte at the time of the saide Certificate to be made, & no wheare else: And that no Comyssyoner for this Subsidie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place wheare he shalbe Commyssyoner: And that yf any pson chardgeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessinge, happen to be owte of this Realme or owte of Wales or farre from the Place wheare he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett wheare he was laste abydeng in this Realme or within Wales, and after the substaunce value and other proffitf of every pson, to be knowen by the Examynacon Certificate or other maner of wise as is aforsaid: And that the said Comyssyoners, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Majesties Comyssyon or Comyssions, shall after the Rate & Rates aforsaid, cawse everye pson so to

be sett rated & taxed accordinge to the Rate of the substance and value of his Lands Goods Cattelif and other

proffitf chargeable by this Acte, whereby the greatest & moste beste sume or sumes according to his moste substaunce by reason of this Acte might or maye be sett or taxed: And that every pson taxed in any Cowntye or

Place other then wheare he is moste resyaunte or hathe his Famylie, or in anye Cowntye or Place other then wheare

he is a Comyssyoner for this Subsydie yf he be a Comyssyoner, upon Certificate made to the saide Cowrte of

1 erroneously for * than.’

PENN STATI

Go

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 15.

691

'*»

S

F»

i

i

i,

I

k

k

kl

is

ta

m

F* ta t a

B a Mi

si

k*

sac

<*

1*

iS'

I*1

i*

f'

S

r<

Exchequer, under the Hands and Seales of twoe ComyssyotJs for this Subsydye in the same Cowntye or Place wheare suche pson is moste resyante or hathe his Famylie, or wheare he is a Comyssioner for the Taxac&n and Payment of this Subsidye, testyfieng suche his most Resyauncy having of Famylie or being a Commyssyoner, shalbe a sufficient Dischardge for the Taxaf&n of that pson in all other Places, and of and for all other Sumes of Money upon suche persons so sett and taxed, save onely the Taxac&n made in that Cowntye or Place from whiche suche Certificate shalbe made as is aforsaid and for the sume of Money upon suche pson theare assessed or taxed; And that suche Certificate, withowte any Plea or other Circumstaunce, shalbe a sufficient Warraunte, aswell to the Barons and Audyto' & Audyto" of the said Cowrte of Exchequer as to all and every other Officers to whome the Allowaunce thereof shall appteigne; payeng for suche Dischardge & Allowaunce only six pence and no more.

Provided allwayes. That every suche pson whiche shalbe rated or taxed according to thintent and true meanynge of this Acte, for payment of and to this Subsidie, for and after the yerely value of his Landes Tenementf and other Reall Possessions or Proffyttf at any of the saide taxac&ns, shall not after be sett and taxed for his Goods & Cattells or other moveable Substaunce at the same taxac&n; And that he that shalbe sett chardged or taxed for the same Subsydye for his Goods Cattells & other Mooveables at any of the saide Taxac&ns, according to the true meanyng of this Acte, shall not after be chardged taxed or chardgeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaid at the same Taxac&ns or any of them; Nor that any pson by any Taxac&n be double chardged for the said Subsydie, nor sett or taxed at sevall Places by reason of this Acte; But yf anye pson happen to be double sett taxed or chardged, eyther in one place or at sev^al 1 places, then he to be dischardged of the one taxac&n and charged withe the other, according to the meanyng and interne of this Acte; Any thinge conteyned in this present Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that yt be ordeyned & Inacted by the saide Aucthoritie of this pnte Pliament, That no pson having twoe Mansyons or twoe Places to resorte unto, or calling hymself howsholde Servaunte or waytinge Servaunte to the Quenes Majestie or other Lorde or Ladye Maister or Maistres, be excused upon his sayeng from the taxes of the saide Subsydie in neither of the Places wheare he may be sett or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in writeng from the ComissioSs wheare that he is so sett or taxed in deede at one place; And yf any pson that ought to be sett and taxed to this present Subsidie, by reason of his removeng or resorteng to twoe Places, or by reason of his

sayeng that he elswheare was taxed, or by reason of any pryvilege of his dwellinge or abydeng in anye Place

not being foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his covyn or crafte, or by any woordf or sayengf or otherwise* Or yf any that is a Comyssyoner or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the said Taxac&ns for the payment of this Subsidie or any of them, and be not sett and taxed accordinge to the true intente of this Acte, and that proved by Presentment Examynac&n Informac&n or otherwise before the saide Comyssyoners, or twoe of them, or before the Barons of the Quenes Majesties Exchequer, or twoe Justices of the Peace of the Cowntye where suche pson dwelleth. Then every suche pson, that by suche meanes or otherwise willingly by covyn or withowte juste cawse, shall happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns or Paymentf aforsaid, or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe chardged upon the knowledge and proof thereof, withe and at the dooble value of so moche as he shoulde might or oughte to have ben sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte, And the same dooble value to be levied gathered and payed of his Goods and Cattellf Lands and Tenementf towards the said Subsidie ; and further to be

punyshed according to the discref&ns of the Barons Justices and Comyssyoners before whome he shalbe convicted

for his Offence and Deceipte in that behalf.

And be yt further Inacted by the Aucthorytie aforesaid, That the saide Comyssyoners in every Comyssyon shall according to theire Divisions, and after they be dyvided, have full Power and Aucthorytie by this Acte, to sett taxe and sesse every other Comyssyoner joyned withe them in every suche C5myssion and Dyvision, and shall also assesse every Assesso' within theire Dyvisyon for his or theire Goods Lands & other the Premisses as is abovesaide ; By the whiche saide Comyssion the saide Comyssyoners shall indifferentlye sett taxe and assesse themselff and the saide Assesso"; And that aswell the sumes upon every the said Comyssyoners and Assesso" so sessed rated and taxed, as the sumes made and presented by the Presento" as is abovesaid, shalbe wrytten certifed sett and estreated, and the Estreates thereof to be made withe other the Inhabitantf of that pties within the lymytes of the same Comyssyon and Division so to be gathered & levyed, in like manner as yt oughte or shoulde have been yf the saide Comyssyoners had not been in the said C5myssyon.

And that all psons of thestate of a Baron or Barons, and everye Estate above, shalbe chardged withe theire freeholde and value as is abovesaide, by the Chauncello' or Lorde Kep of the Greate Seale of England, the Highe Treasourer of England for the tyme being, or one of them, together withe other suche psons as by the Quenes Maf aucthorytie or comaundement shalbe named and appoynted; and they to bee chardged for the saide severall paymentf of the saide Subsidie after the forme of the saide Graunte, according to the Taxac&n aforsaide; and the sumes of and upon them to be sett and taxed, withe the names of the Collecto" appoynted for the gatheringe & payeng of the same, to be estreated delyvered and certified, at dayes and places above specified, by the Lorde Chauncello' or Kep of the Greate Seale and Lorde Treasourer, or one of them, together withe other suche psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforsaid.

And be yt further Inacted by the aucthorytie aforsaide, That after the Taxes & Assesses of the sayd sumes, upon and by the saide Assessinge and Certifycat as is aforsaid made, the saide Comyssyoners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted and have aucthorytie by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssyon, shall withe all speede and

XIV. Peraona rated for Real Property ahall not be rated for Peraonalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced

Penalty on Eradon under tuch Pretext, See. Double Rate.

XVI. Commiaaionera ahall aaaeaa themaelrea and the Aaaeaaora.

XVII. Peera shall be aiaeaacd by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, See.

XVIII.

692

23° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 1580-1.

After Assessment, Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

XIX. Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

XX.

High Collectors shafi enter into Recognizances to

Eay Sums received y them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners;

withowte delaye by theire wryteng estreate the saide Taxe thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comyssyoners, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted at the least, and the same shall deliver unto sufficient & substanciall Inhabytauntes Constables Subconstables Bailieff & other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places aforsaid within their lymytes, and to other sufficient psons Inhabitauntf of the same only, by the discrec&n of the saide Comyssyoners, withe the assent of the Highe Collecto' and as the place & parties shall requyre, aswell the pticuler Names & Surnames, as the remembr*unce of all the summes of Money taxed and sett of and upon every peon aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Howsholders and all other Inhabytauntf and Dwellers within the saide Parishes Townes & Places, contributorie to this Acte of Subsydie; By aucthorytie of whiche wryteng & estreate so delyvered, the saide Officers, and other psons so named and deputed, severally shall have full power and aucthorytie by vertue of this Acte, imedyatly after the delyPye of the saide wrytenge or estreate, to demaunde levye and gather of every pson therein specified, the sume and sumes in the same wryteng or estreate comprised ; And for non payment therof to distreigne the same pson or psones so being behynde by theire Goods and Cattells, and the Distresse so taken, to kepe by the space of viij dayes at the Costs and Chardges of the Ownor thereof; And yf the saide Owno' do not pay suche sume of Money as shalbe taxed by aucthorytie of this Acte, within the same eighte dayes, then the same Distresse to be appraised by sour three or twoe of the Inhabitantf where suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be solde by the Constable or other Collecto" for the payment of the saide Money, And the Overplus comyng of the sale and kepinge thereof (yf any be) to be ymediatly restored to the Owno' of the same Distresse ; Whiche saide Officers & other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levye the saide sumes, shall awnswer and bee chardged for the portion only to them assigned & lymyted, to be geathered levyed and comprised in the said wrytenge or estreate so to them as is aforsaid delyvered, to the use of o' Sov^aigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie & her Heires and Successo"; And the saide summe in that wryteng or estreate comprised, to paye unto the Highe Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collection of the same, in maner and forme underwrytten thereunto, to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabytauntes and Officers so gatheringe the same pticuler sumes, for theire Collection thereof shall reteyne for every twentie shillingf so by them receyved & payed two pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to be made to the Highe Collecto' or Collecto".

And further be yt Inacted by the saide aucthorytie, That the saide Comyssyoners, or the more pte of them as shall take upon them the execuc&n and busynes of the saide Comyssyon, shall for everye of the saide paymentes of the saide Subsydye, name suche sufficient and able psons whiche then shall have and possesse Lands and other Heredytamentf in theire owne Righte of the clere yerely value of ten powndf, or Goods to the value of sour hundred powndf at the leaste, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke, yf any suche be in the saide lymytes, and for wante of suche so assessed, then those to be appoynted Collecto" that then shalbe sufficient, & rated & taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods nerest to the values aforsaide, as by theire discre£5ns shalbe thought good, in Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cytties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, aswell within places pryviledged as withowte, not being foreprised within this Acte, to be highe Collecto", and to have the Collection and Receipte of the saide sumes sett and leviable within the p>cyncte lymytes and bowndf where they shalbe so lymyted and apoynted to be Highe Collecto"; And to every of the saide Collecto" so s^ally named, the saide Comyssyoners or twoe of them at the leaste, with all speede and withowte delay, after the saide whole sume of any payment of the saide Subsidie bee sett, by all the lymytes of the same theire Comyssion, or in suche lymytes as the highe Collecto" shalbe so sepally assigned, shall under the Seales and Signe Manuell delyver one Estreate indented in Pchement, comprising in yt the names of all suche psons as weare assigned to levye the saide pticuler sumes, and the sumes of every Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaide, wth the Names and Surnames of the psons so chardgeable, accordinge to the Estreate so firste thereof made and delyvered as is aforsaide: And the Collecto" so to be assigned, shalbe chardged to awnswere the whole sume comprised in the saide Estreate lymyted to his collection as is aforesaide.

Provided alwayes and be yt Inacted by the aucthorytie aforsaid, That the said CSmyssyoners havinge aucthorytie by this Acte to name and nomynate the saide Highe Collecto" of the saide Subsidie, shall ymedyatlye upon the Nomynacon and Election, take by aucthorytie of this present Plament sufficient Recognizaunces or Obligations, withowte any Fee or Rewarde to be payde therefore, of every pson so by them to be named to be Highe Collecto', to be bownde to the Quenes Majestie in the double sume of the some of his Collection, and to bee endorsed and made uppon suche Condic&n, that is to saye; For the collection of the saide firste payment of the saide Subsidie, That yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executo" do truly content and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestie her Heires or Successo" in the Receipte of the saide Exchequer, at or before the saide tenth daye of October next ensewenge, so moche of the saide sume of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the Resydewe of his Collection and Chardge within one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Resydew, That then the saide Recognizaunces or Obligac&ns to be voyde, or ells to stande in full strengthe & vertue ; And for the Collection of the second payment of the said Subsidie, Upon condic&n that yf the said Collectour his Heires or Executo" do trulye content and paye to the use of the Quenes Majestie her Heires or Successo", in her Receipte of the Exchequer at or before the saide twentieth daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and twoe, so moche of the saide sume of Money allotted & appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Resydewe of his Collection and Chardge, within one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residewe, That then the saide Recognizaunce or Obligacon to be voyed, or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue

J.D1580-1.

23° Eli z. c.l5.

69 3

*4

S

p»

"*>

•it

H

ba*

itati «.* Are* gfk

nail

wail

«*

s of SB 1*^ rO* "^F

rsei ns

eCoisB

7*'

ran

ntoi* iadas: «.«*• he I—* Cofcrf* !"■*

acta*

ef*»

»b*h»

J*

rSas» o*'

4*f*

ft*

Whiche saide sev'all Recognizaunces or Obligacons so taken, the saide CSmyssyoners shall severally certify and delyver into the Quenes Ma‘f Exchequer with the sePali Certificatf of the saide Taxac&ns & Rates of the paymentf of the saide Subsidie, at and by the tyme to them inscribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certificate of the saide sev’all Taxac&ns of the saide Subsidie, upon payne of forfaicture of Tenne powndf to the Quenes Majestie for every Recogniz*unce or Obligac&n not certified; And that everye suche Collecto' so elected named and chosen, upon Request to hym made, shall knowledge and make the saide Recognizaunce or Obligac&n upon payne and forfaicture of Twenty powndf to the Quenes Majestie for the refusall thereof: And every Collecto' so deputed having the said Estreate in Pchemcnj as is aforsaid, shall have aucthoryde by this Acte to appoynte dayes and places within the Circuyte of his Collecdon for the payment of the saide Subsidie to hym to be made, and thereof to gyve waminge by Proclamac&n or otherwise, to all the Constables or other psons or Inhabitauntes having the Chardge of the pdculer Collecdon w^in the Hundredes Parrishes Townes or other Placf by hym or them lymyted, to make payment for the saide pdculer Collecdon of every sume as to them shall appteigne; And yf at the same Daye & Place so lymyted and p*fixed by the saide Highe Collecto', the said Constable Officers or other psons or Inhabitauntes as is aforsaide for the saide pdculer Collection assigned and appoynted within suche Hundred Cyttie Towne or other Place, do not paye unto the saide Highe Collecto" the sume w'hin theire severall Hundreds Townes Parrishes and other Places due and comprised in the saide Estreate thereof to them delyvered by the saide Comyssyoners or

some of them as is aforsaide, or somoche thereof as they have by any meane receyved, (twoe pence of every

pownde for the saide pdculer Collection as is aforsaide allwayes thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the saide Highe Collecto" and every of them and to theire Assignes, to distreyne every of the saide Constables Officers and other Inhabitauntf for theire saide severall and pdculer Collection of the saide sumes comprised in the saide Estreate and Wryteng thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed delyvered, or for so moche of the same suine as so then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and behynde and unpayed, by the Goods & Cattells of every of them so beinge behynde; And the Distresse so taken to be kepte appraised and solde as is aforesaide, and thereof to take & levie the sumes so then being behynde and unpayed; And the overplus comyng of the sale of the saide Distresse (yf anye be) to be restored and delyvered unto the Owno1 in forme above remembred.

Provided alwayes and be yt Inacted by the aucthoryde aforesaide, That no pson or psons shalbe nomynated or appoynted to be a Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the seconde payment of any Fifteneth Tenthe or Subsydie graunted by this Acte, whiche before that tyme hathe been a Collecto' or Collecto" for the firste payment of any pte of the same Fifteneth Tenthe or Subsydie, unlesse suche pson or psons so to be noiated and appoynted Highe Collectour or Collecto" for the saide seconde payment, doe firste shewe foorthe before hym or them by whome he shalbe so

noiated & appoynted, his Quietus est for the dischardge of his Collecdon before appoynted to his chardge, upon

payne of One Hundreth Powndes to be payed & forfeited by hym or them that so shall nomynate and appoynte any suche Collecto' contrarye to this p*sent Acte.

Provyded alwayes, That no p6on inhabiteng in any Cytde Boroughe or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to be any Assesso' or Collecto', of or for any pte of the saide Subsidie, in anye Place or Places owte of the saide Cytde Boroughe or Towne Corporate wheare he dwelleth.

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, jeioj on Neglect of Recognizance,<20.

High Collectors shall call on Conitablea, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XXI. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

XXII.

Assessors and Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

And yt is also by the saide Aucthoryde Inacted, That yf anye Inhabitauntf or Officer or whatsoever pson or psons chardged to and for the Collecdon and Receipte of any pte or portion of the saide Subsydye by any maner of Meanes according to this Acte, or any pson or psons for themselff, or as Kep Gardyan Deputye Facto' or Atto'ney of or for any other pson or psons, of any Goods and Cattellf of the Owno' thereof at the tyme of the saide Assessinge to be payed being owte of this Realme, or in any other ptes not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattellf of any other pson or psons of any Corporacon Fraternytie Mistery or other whatsoever Comunaltye, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all psons having in theire Rule Govern*nce and Custodye any Goods or Cattells at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or any of them to be made, Or whiche for any Cawse for and by Collecdon, or for hymself or for any other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule Govem*nce or Custodye of any Goods or Cattells of any other pson or psons, Corporac&n Comunaltie Fraternyde Guylde or Mistery, or any suche other like, or as Facto' Deputye or Atto'ney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to anye sume or sumes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessinge upon any suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged with the Receipte of the same, happen to dye, or depte from the place wheare he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattellf be so eloyned, or in suche pryvey and coverte maner kepte as the saide pson or psons chardged with the same, by Estreates or other Wrytengf from the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the saide Comyssion as is aforsaid, can ne may levye the same sume or sumes comprised w^in the same Estreates, by Distresse within the lymytes of theire Collecdon as is aforsaid, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the saide paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Quenes Majesties Receipte, then upon relacon thereof w,h due Examynac&n by the Othe or Examynac&n of suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged withe and for the Receipte and Collecdon of the sume, before the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, where suche pson or psons or other as is aforsaid theire Goods and Cattells weare sett and taxed, and upon playne Certificate thereof made in the Quenes Majesues Exchequer by the same Comyssyoners, aswell of the dwelling place names and somes of the saide psons of whome the saide sumes cannot be levyed it hadd as is

XXIII. lncaseofDeatb,&c. of Collector!, or Parties chargeable for themselves or othert, and sufficient Diitreu not forthcoming, HiehCollector*,Jcc. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Proceu shall issue against the Parties liable.

8 O

694

23° Eliz. c. 15.

15 80-1

Commissioners m*y issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, 8tc. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, See.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment 5

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer

aforsaide, then aswell the Constables & other Inhabitauntf appoynted for the saide pdculer Collection, againste the Highe Collectours, as the Highe Collecto' upon his Accompte and Othe in the saide Exchequer, to be dischardged thereof; and processe to be made for the Quenes Majestie owte of the sayde Exchequer, by the discrecbn of the Barons of the saide Exchequer, againste suche pson, his Heires or Executo" so being behynde with his payment: And over that, the same Comyssyoners to whome any suche Declarac&n of the jPmisses shalbe made in forme aforesaide, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and aucthorytie to directe theire p>cepte or preceptf unto the saide pson or psons chardged w"1 any sume of for and upon any suche pson & psons or other as is aforsaide, or to any Shirief Stewarde Bailief or other whatsoev1 Officer Mynister pson or psons of suche place or places where any such pson or psons so oweng suche sume or sumes shall have Lands and Tenementf or other Heredytamf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattells, whereby any suche pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executo" or Assignes, or other having the Custodye Govem*nce or Disposition of any Goods Cattellf Lands or Tenementf or other Heredytamentf whiche ought or may by this Acte lawfully be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattells Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof suche -sume or sumes whiche by any suche pson or psons maye or ought to be levyed, be yt w^in the lymytes of suche Comyssion wheare suche pson or psons was or weare taxed, or withowte, in anye place w,llin this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Ma*f Domynyons Marches or Terrytories; By whiche p>cepte aswell suche pson or psons shalbe chardged to levye suche Money, as the Officers of the Place or Places where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Aucthorytie to distreigne everye such pson indebted chardged or chardgeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Admynistrato" of his Goods and Cattells, his Gardyanes Facto" Deputies Lessees Farmo" & Assignes, and all other psons by whose Hands or owte of whose Lands any suche psons shoulde have Fee Rent Aiiuytie or other Proffytt, or whiche at the tyme of the saide assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattells or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or oweng suche sume; And the Distresses so taken, cawse to be kepte appraised and solde in like maner and forme as is aforsaid for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the saide Subsydye, and being sufficient to distreyne w,hin the lymytes of the Collecto" Inhabitauntf or other Officers chardged withe or for the saide sumes so upon them to be taxed; And yf any suche Distresse for none payment happen to be taken owte of the lymytt of the saide psons charged and assigned to levye the same, the psons so chardged for the levy of any suche sommes by Distresse shall pceyve and take of the same Distresse for the Labo' of every pson goinge for the execucon thereof, for every Myle that any suche p6on so laboureth for the same, Twoe pence; And every Fermo' Ten*nte Gardian Facto' or other whatsoever pson, being distreyned or otherwise chardged for payment of any suche sume or sumes, or any other sume by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche sume or sumes of hym or them so levyed and taken, discharged & acquyted at his next daye of payment of the same, or at the delyverye of suche Goods and Cattells as he that ys so distreyned had in his Custodye or Govern'nce, against hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; Any Graunte or Writeng Obligatory or other whatsoever Matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstandinge: And yf any suche pson that shoulde be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient, whereby he or his Ten*ntf & Fermo" may be distreyned, or have alyened eloyned or hidd his Goods and Cattells wherebye he should or might be distreyned, in suche manner that suche Goods and Cattells shall not be knowen or fownde, so that the sume of or by hym to be

payed in the saide fourme, shall ne can be convenyently levyed, Then upon relacbn thereof to the Comyssyoners or

to as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, where suche pson or psons was taxed and sett, by the Othes of him or them that shalbe chardged wth the levye and payment of that sume or sumes. The same Comyssyoners shall make a Precepte in suche manner as is aforsaide for to attache take and arrest the Bodye of suche pson or psons that ought to paye the saide sumes and by this Acte shalbe charged with and for the saide sume 8c sumes; And them so taken safely to kepe in prison within the Shire or other Place wheare any suche pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, there to remaine withowte Bayle or Mayneprise untill he hathe payed the said sume or sumes, that suche pson for hymself or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be chardged w,hall, and allso for the Fees of every suche Arrest to him or them that shall execute suche p>cepte, Twentye pence; And that every Officer unto whome suche Precepte shalbe directed, do his true diligence and execute the same upon every pson so beinge indebted, upon payne to forfaicte to the Quenes Majestie for every defaulte in that behaulf Twentye Shillingf ; And that no Kep of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any suche pson to goe at lardge by letting to Bayle, or otherwise to depte owte of his Prison before he have payde his saide Debte, and the saide twenty pence for the saide Arrest, upon payne to forfaicte to the Quenes Majestie Fortie Shillingf, and the same Gaoler to paye to the Quenes Majestye the double value, aswell of the Rate whiche the saide pson so imprisoned was taxed at, as of the saide twenty pence for the Fees : And like Processe and Remedy in like Forme shalbe graunted by the saide Comyssyoners or as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, at like Informacbn of every pson or psons being chardged w,b any sume of Money for anye other pson or psons by reason of the saide Subsidie, and not thereof payed, but wilfully w,hdrawen, nor the same

leviable within the lymytes where suche psons were thereunto taxed : And yf the sume or sumes being behynde

unpayed by any pson or psons as is aforsaide, be levied & gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the saide Comyssyoners, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of Payment thereof, the pson or psons so oweng the saide sume or sumes of money, by processe of the same Comyssyoners to be made as is aforesaide, be comytted to Prison in forme abovesaide, that then the saide Comyssyoners whiche shall awarde suche Processe, shall make Cerdficat thereof in the saide Exchequer of that shalbe doon in the pmisi in the Terme next folowenge after suche sdme or somes of Money so being behynde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche pson or psons for non payment of the same comytted to Prison : And yf yt happen anye of the saide Collecto" to be assigned, or any

by

PENN STATi

A.D. 1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 15.

695

s

s

*»r

*C4r

*jf«

»a:

r«d>

of Sis min dyii

1<¥ fa* bees-f»L« bjkiti anra:

i «B SD2I

Bodyesr

p»p

erf*1

dwfcfrt

■r«fF

w*®*

ad*

«dr

ke«*<* to* S-'F* ■E*

Jr*

Mayo" Shirieff Steward f Constables the Hedboroughe Bursholder Bailief or any other Officer or Mynister or other whatsoever pron or psons, to disobey the saide Cdmyssyoners or any of them, in the reasonable requeste to them made by the saide Cdmyssyoners for execuc&n of the saide Comyssion, Or yf any of thofficers or other psons do refuse that to them shall appteigne and belong to doe by reason of any Precepte to hym or them to be directed, or any reasonable Comaundement Instance or Requeste towcheng the p>misses, or other Defaulte in any Apparaunce or Collection to make, or yf any person, being suspecte not to be indifferently taxed as is aforsaid, do refuse to be examyned according to the tenor of this Acte before the said Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaide, or will not appere before the same Comyssyoners upon warnyng to hym made, or ells make Resistaunce or Rescous upon any Distresse upon hym to be taken for any pcell of the said Subsidie, or comyte any misbehaveo' in any maner of wise contrary to this Acte, or comyte any wilfull omissyon or other whatsoever wilfull not doeinge or mysdoeinge, contrary to the tenor of this Acte or Graunt; the same Cdmyssyoners and every nomber of them above remembred, or twoe of them at the leaste, upon probable knowledge of any suche misdemeano" hadd by Informac&n or Examynac&n, shall and may sett upon every suche Offendo' for every suche Offence in name of a Fyne, by the same Offendo' to be forfaicted, sortie shilling^ or under, by dyscrec&n of the same Cdmyssyoners ; And further, the same Cdmyssyoners, and every nomber of them or twoe of them at the leaste, shall have aucthorytie by this present Acte, to punyshe every suche Offendo' by Imprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by theire discrecbn as shall seeme to them convenyent; the saide Fynes, yf any suche be, to be certified by the saide Cdmyssyoners that so assessed the same into the Quenes Majesties saide Exchequer, there to be levied and paied by the Collecto" of that parties for the said Subsidie reto'ned into the saide Exchequer, to be therwu‘ chardged w* the payment of the saide Subsidie, in suche maner as yf the said Fynes had bene sett and taxed upon the said Offendo" for the said Subsydie.

And yt is also Inacted by the saide Aucthorytie of this present Pliament, That every of the saide Highe Collecto" whiche shall accompte for any pte of the saide Subsidie in the saide Exchequer, upon their several Accomptf to be yelden, shalbe allowed at every of the saide Paymentf of the saide Subsidy, for every pownde lymyted to his Collection whereof any suche Collecto' shalbe chardged and yelde Accompte, Sixe pence, as pcell of theire Chardge, that is to saye; of every pownde thereof for suche pson as then have hadd the pticuler Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaide specified in his Collection twoe pence; and other twoe pence of every pownde thereof, every of the saide Chief Collecto" or theire Accomptantf to retayne to theire owne use for theire Labo' and Charge in and abowte the p’misses ; and two pence of every pownde, residewe, to be delyvered allowed and payed by the saide Collecto' so being thereof allowed, to suche of the Cdmyssyoners as shall take upon them the busynesse and labour for and abowte the premisses; that is to saye, every Collecto' to paye that Comyssyoner or Cdmyssyoners whiche hadd the orderinge of the writengf of and for the saide Subsidie, wheare the saide Collecto' or Collectors had theire Collection, for the expences of the saide Cdmyssyoners so taking upon them the saide busynes, and labour of theire Clarkf writeng the saide Preceptes and Extractes of the saide Collections; the same laste twoe pence of every pownde to be dyvided amongf the saide Cdmyssyoners, having Regarde to theire labo' & busynes taken by them and theire saide Clerkf in and abowte the p’misses ; for whiche parte so to the saide Commyssyoners atteynenge, the saide Cdmyssyoners syxe fyve sour three or twoe, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Ma‘f Comyssyon, and every of them, joyntly & severally for his & theire saide parte, may have his Remedy againste the saide Collecto' or Collecto" whiche thereof ben or might have ben allowed, by Action of Debte, in whiche the Defendaunte shall not wage his Lawe, neyther Protection neither Injunction or Essoigne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe being of the number of the Company of this present Pliament, nor any Comyssyoner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto" or Presento' of the saide Subsidie, or of any pte thereof; nor no Comyssyoners shalbe compelled to make any pntment or Certificate, other then in the Quenes Maf saide Exchequer, of for or concemynge the saide Subsidie or any pte or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson y* shalbe named and assigned to be Cdmyssyoners in anye place to and for the execud&n of this Acte of Subsidie, be or shall be assigned or named Hedd Collectours of any of the paymentf of the saide Subsidye, neither of any parte thereof; And that every suche pson or psons whiche shalbe named and appoynted as is aforsaid to be Head Collectours of and for the firste paym* of this Subsydie, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the second payment of the saide Subsidie, nor for anye pte thereof: And the saide Collecto" whiche shalbee assigned for the Collection of the saide Subsidie, or for any pte thereof, and every of them, be and shalbe acquyted and dischardged of all maner Fees Rewardes and of every other Charges in the Quenes Majesties Exchequer or ellswhere, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accomptes, or any thinge concernyng the same to be asked; and that yf any pson receyve or take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of any suche Accomptante, or use any unneccssarye delaye in theire Accompte, that then hee shall forfeite to the Quenes Ma"* for everie pennye or value of every penny or pennywoorth so taken, fyve shillingf, and fyve powndf to the ptie gryeved for every suche delay, and suffer Imprysonment at the Quenes Ma*f Pleasure.

And after the Taxing & Assessinge of the saide Subsidie (as is aforesaide) hadd or made, and the saide Extractf thereof in Parchement unto the Collecto' in maner and forme before rehersed delyvered, the saide Comyssyoners whiche shall take upon them the execuc&n of this Acte wttin the lymytes of theyre Comyssyon, by theire Agreementf shall have Meeteng together, at whiche Meeteng every of the saide Comyssyoners whiche then shall have taken upon them the execuc&n of anye pte of the saide Comyssion, shall by hymself or his sufficient Deputye, truly certifie

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being

may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXIV. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves. Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

XXV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, ice. shall not be Collectors, See.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXVI.

After Assessment, fcc. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, ftc.

.Ov gie

696

23° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 15 80-1

Separate Certificate* may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collector* shall answer for their respective District*.

Executors and Heirs of Commissioners or Collectors dying, shall complete their Duties;

Form of the first and subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not join.

and bring foorthe unto the saide ComissyoSs named in the saide Commyssyon, the Certificate and Presentment made before hym and suche other Comyssyoners as weare lymyted with him in one lymytt, so that the same Certificate may be accompted and caste with thother Certificates of thother lymytes w,hin the same Comyssyon; and then the saide Comyssyoners and every number of them unto twoe at the leste as is aforesaide, yf any bee in Lief, or theire Executo" or Administrate" of theire Goods, if they then be deade, shall joyntly and severally as they weare dyvided w'hin theire lymyttf, under theire Seales by theire Discrec&n, make one or severall Wrytengf indented conteyneng in yt aswell the Names of the saide Collecto™, by the Comyssyoners for suche Collection and Accomptes in the Exchequer and payment in the same Receypte deputed & assigned, as the grosse and severall sumes wrytten unto every suche Collecto" to receyve the saide Subsidie; And also all Fynes Am<_rciamentf and other Forfaictures, yf any suche by reason of this Acte happen to bee w""in the Precincte 8c lymytte of theire Comyssyon, to bee certified into the Quenes Ma*f saide Exchequer by the saide Comyssyoners; In whiche Wryteng or Wrytengf indented so to be certified, shalbe playnely declared 8c exfPssed the whole and entyer sume or sumes of the saide Subsidie severallie lymyted to the Collection of the saide Collectours severally deputed 8c assigned to the Collection of the saide sumes; So that none of the saide Collectours so certified in the saide Exchequer, shalbe compelled there to Rccompte or to bee chardged, but onely to 8c for the sumes lymyted to his Collection, and not to or for any sume lymyted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but every of them shalbe severally chardged for theire pte lymyted to theire Collection; And yf the saide Comyssyoners joyned in one Comyssyon amongf themselff in that Matter cannot agree, or yf any of them bee not readye, or refuse to make Cernficat with other of the same Comyssyoners, That then the saide C5myssyoners maye make severall Indentures in forme aforesaide of theire severall lymytes or sepacons of Collectours within the lymytes of theire Comyssyon, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or suche other like Dyvisyons w^in theire saide severall lymytes of theire Comyssyon, as the Places theare shall requyre to be severed and dyvided, and as to the same Comyssyoners shall seeme good, to make Dyvisions of theire lymytes or Collections for the severall Charges of the same Collecto"; So that alwaye one Collecto' shalbe chardged and accompte for his pte to hym to be lymited only by hymself, and not for any sume lymyted to the pte of any of his Fellowes, And the chardges of every of the Collecto" to be sett 8c certified severally uppon them; And every suche Collecto', upon his Accompte and Payment of the sume of Money lymyted w^in his Collection, to be severally by hymself accquyted and discharged in the saide Exchequer, w^owte payeng any maner Fees or Rewardf to any pson or psons for the same, upon payne 8c penaltie last abovesaide, and not to be chardged for any porebn of any other Collecto': And yf any Comissyoner after he hathe taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaid, shalbe before any suche Commyssyoner examyned, and the sumes rated and sett and the Bookes 8c Writengf thereof being in his Hands, Or yf anye Collecto' or other p6on charged w'1* anie Receipte of any pte of the saide Subsidie, or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte chardged w'h & for any pcell of the saide Subsidie, or w'" any other Sume Fyne Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfaicture, happen to dye before the Comyssioners Collecto" or other whatsoever pson or psons, have executed accomplyshed satisfied or sufficiently discharged that whiche to every suche pson shall appteigne or belong to doe according to this Acte, Then the Executo" and Heires of every suche pson, and all other seised of any Lands 8c Tenementf that any suche pson being chardged by this Acte and deceassing before he be dischardged thereof, or any other to his use onely, hadd of Estate of Inheritaunce, at the tyme that any suche pson was named Comyssyoner Collecto' or otherwise charged wu or for any manner of Thinge to be doon satisfied or payed by reason of this Acte, And all those that have in theire Possessions or Hands any Goods Cattells Leases or other Things that weare to any suche pson or psons at the tyme of his Deathe, or any Lands or Tenementf that weare the same psons at the tyme he was (as is aforsaid) chardged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and chardged to doe and accomplishe in every case, as the same pson so being chardged shoulde have doon, or might have been compelled to doe, yf he had ben in playne Lyes, after 6uche Rate of the Lands and Goods of the saide Comyssyoner or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his Hands: And yf the saide Commyssyoners, for cawses reasonable them moveng, shall thincke yt not convenyent to joyne in one Certificate as is aforsaid, Then the saide pson or psons that shall firste joyne together, or he that shall firste cerdfie the saide Wry tenge indented as is aforesaide, shall cerdfie all the Names of the Commissioners of that Comyssyon, whereuppon suche Wrytengf shal be there then to be certifyed, wu* Dyvision of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards

Tythingf and other Places to and amonge suche Comissyoners of the same Comyssyon, w01 the Names of the same

Comyssyoners where suche Sepacbns and Dyvisyons shall be, with the grosse sumes of Money, as well of 8c for the saide Subsidie taxed or sett of or within the saide Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other Places, to him or them dyvided or assigned that shall so cerdfie the saide firste Wrytenge, as of the Fynes AiSciamentf Penalties and other Forfaictures, yf anye happen to be within the same lymytes, whereof the same Wry ting f shall bee certified: And after suche Wrytengf indented, whiche as is aforsaid shall be certified and not conteyne in yt the whole 8c full sumes sett and taxed within the lymytes of the same Comyssyon, the other Comyssyoners of the same, before the daye of Payment of the saide Subsidie, shall certifie into the saide Exchequer by theire Writeng or Wrytengf indented to be made as is aforsaide, the grosse and severall sumes sett 8c taxed within the Places to them lymyted for the saide Subsidie, and other Fynes A&iamentf Penalties and Forfaictures, with the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or ells by theire saide Writengf indented, to certifye at the

same Place before the same daye of Payment, suche reasonable cawses for theire Excuses why they may not make

suche Certificate of 8c for the saide Subsidie Fynes A$ciamentf and other Forfaictures groweng or sett, by reason of the Cawses of their Lettf, or of theire not certifieng as is aforsaide, or ells in Defaulte thereof, Processe to be made owte of the Quenes Majesties saide Exchequer againste the saide CSmyssyoners and every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid, by the Discrec6n of the Thresourer 8c Barons of the saide Excheq'.

,4.0.1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 15.

697

•k,

«8,

i*4

■I*

»<*

7*k

rj?*»

kfc

u»

llWK,

»*•

w*

PW5*

lilBl!

on si

idiki,

l*ia

pttu

odrikbs

Inns’!

Id (tin: Vsfai toe ii r pa

(■

W*

• SB*

a! its

*tG*

MOt*

tali"

rff®*1

lib#*

*4*

5?

edr"

H!*

f*'

Provyded allwayes and be yt Inacted by the Aucthoritie aforsaide, That the Inhabitantf of the Pishe of S' Martyn, called Stampforde Baron, in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stampforde in the Sowthe parte of the Water there, called Wellandf, whiche hereafter shalbe contributorie to the payment of this present Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Majestie her Heires & Successo", shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this lyme by suche Comyssyoners whiche shall be appointed for the taxinge ratinge and sessing of the Subsidie w,hin the Cownty of Lyncolne, and shalbe for this tyme contributorie and paye the saide Subsidie to the Collecto’ or Collecto" whiche shalbe assigned and appoynted for the levyeng and gethering of the same withe the Aldermen and Burgesss of the saide Borough and Towne of Stampford.

Provyded alwayes, and be yt further Inacted by the Aucthorytie aforsaid, That all and every pson and psons having Manno" Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf changeable to the payment of the Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Majestie by this Acte, and also havinge Spirituall Possessions changeable to her said Majestie by the Graunte made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocation, and over this, having Subst*unce in Goods and Cattells chargeable by this said Act, that then yf any of the saide pson or psons be hereafter chardged assessed & taxed for the saide Manno" Lands & Tenementf and Spirituall Possessyons, and also assessed chardged & taxed for his and their Goods and Cattells, that then he or they shalbe only chardged by vertue of this Acte for his and their saide Manno" Lands Tenementf Heredytamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or only for his sayd Goods and Cattels, the beste thereof to be taken for the Quenes Majestie, and not to be chardged for both or double chardged for any of them; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provyded alwaies, That this Graunte of Subsydie, nor anye Thing therein conteyned, in any wise extend not to chardge the Inhabitantes dwelling in Irelande Jernesey and Garnesey, or any of them, of for or concernynge any Mano" Lands Tenementf or other Possessyons Goods Cattells or other moveable Substaunce whiche the saide Inhabitauntf or Dwellers or any others to theire use, have within Irelande Jernesey and Garnesey, or any of them, or of for or concernynge any Fees or Wages whiche anye of the saide Inhabitauntf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Majestie, for theire Attendaunce and doynge service to or SoPaigne Ladye in Irelande Jernesey & Garnesey, or in any of them ; Any Thing in this pnte Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

XXVII. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVIII. Persons having Lands,ind Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, &c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXIX. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, or Offices in Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey.

Provyded also. That this present Acte of Subsidye ne any Thinge therein contenyed extend to any of the Englishe £xem for Inhabitauntf or Resiauntf in any of the Cownties of Northumberland Cumberland West inland the Towne of Barwcike the English Inhabitants Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Busshopricke of Durham, nor to any of them, of for or concernynge any counties!*^*"1 Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessyons Goods Cattells or other moveable Substaunce whiche the same Englishe Inhabitauntes or Dwellers, or any other to theire use have within the saide Cowntyes of Northumberlande Cumberland WestnJlande or the Towne of Barwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bishopricke of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concernynge any Fees or Wages whiche any of the saide Inhabitaunts or Dwellers have of the Quenes Majestie for theire Attendaunce & doinge service to the Quenes Majestie for or within the saide Counties of Northumberlande Cumberland WestnJlande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newecastle upon Tyne and the Busshopricke of Durham, or any of them, to or for the saide taxing levyenge gatheringe or payment;

But that the Englishe Inhabit*untf and Resyauntf, and every of them, of the said Cowntyes Busshopricke & Townes and every of them, shall be of and from the saide Subsidie, & every pcell thereof, only for theire Manno" Lands Tenementf Fees Wages Goods & Cattells, lyeng and beinge in the saide Cowntyes Townes and Busshopricke or any of them, utterly acquyted and dischardged; Any Thinge in this psent Acte before rehersed to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provyded alsoe, That all tres Pattentf graunted by the Quenes Majestie or any of her most noble Progenyto" provj* so*1-to any Cytties Boroughes or Townes within this Realme, of any manner of Lifeties Priveleges or Exempc6ns from Liberties of Cities the Burden & Chardge of any suche Grauntes & Subsydyes, whiche be at this present tyme in force and valeable, Subsidies:

shall remayne good and effectuall to the saide Cytties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the purportes ^ vil.] thereof, althoughe the Inhabitauntf of the same and also the saide Corporac&ns shall uppon the greate & weightie Considerac&n of the Graunte abovesaide, befor this Graunte chardged & contributorie, in like maner forme & sorte as other Cytties Boroughes and Townes whiche be not in any wise pryveleged but by this Act chardged.

Provyded alwayes and be yt Inacted by the Aucthorytie afforsaid. That no Orphante or Infante within the Age ^ XXXII. of xxUc yeres, borne within any of the Quenes Majesties Domynyons, shall be charged to any Payment of this Personalty of Subsydie, for his or her Goods and Cattells to hym or her lefte or bequethed ; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned °rP,*n‘> &c-to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provyded also, That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned, shall not extende to the Goods or Lands of Exe,^I|Jx anye Colledge Hall or Hostell w^in the Unyversyties of Oxforde & Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Colleges in the Lands of the Colledge of Wynton fownded by Busshoppe Wickh’m, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of winchester, Eton, Eaton next Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tenementf or Revenewes onlye assigned or appoynted for the sstentacon and Hospitals, &c. lyvinge of the poore Knightf, fownded in the Castle or Colledge of Wyndesor by o' late Sov’aigne Lorde King Henry the Eighte, or to any of the Goods or Cattells of the saide Knightf or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any comon Free Gramar Scoole within this Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scoolemaister or Scholler, or anye Graduate resyaunte or remayeng for Studye, withowte Frawde or Covyn, within anye of the saide Unyv’syties and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxeford or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to any theire Servauntf daylye attending upon any of them, nor to the Goods of anye Officer Mynister Aimes Men or Servauntf belongeng to any of the saide Unyversyties Colledges Halles or Hostells, and dwelling and resyaunte w,hin the saide Unyversyties or eyther of them, or within either of the saide Townes

8 P

698

23° Eliz. c. 15, 16,

A.D. 1580-1.

XXXIV. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXV. Exemption for the English Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

XXXVI. Children of Aliens, to whom Lands or Goods sre assigned in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.

Motives for this Pardon

General Pardon of all Offences, &c. not expressly excepted, committed, See. before ist Jan.

An. »3 Eliz.

of Cambridge and Oxeforde and the Suburbes of the same, w^owte Fraude or Covyn; Or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measendieu or Spittle howse Spared and used for the Sustentac&n and Relief of poore People; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That the saide Graunte of Subsidye or any Thinge therein conteyned, do not in any wise extende or be fpjudiciall or hurtfull to anye the Inhabitauntf or Resyauntes at this psent tyme dwelling wlhin the Fyve Portes Corporate, or to any of theire Members incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Portes, or to any of the same Fyve Portes; but that the said Inhabitauntf or Resyauntes in the saide Fyve Portes corporated and theire Members be and shalbe of and from the saide Graunte and Payment of the saide Subsidie, and every pcell thereof and only duryng their Resyancie there and no longer, clerely discharged and acquyted; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this present Acte hadd or made to the contrary notw^standinge.

Provided also. That the saide Graunte of Subsydye and twoe Fiftcenes and Tenthes do not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall or hurtful to the Englishe Inhabitauntes or Resyauntes at this present tyme wthin the Liberties of Romney Marshe, of or for any pte of the saide sumes graunted in this present Pliament, of the said Englishe Inhabitauntf nowe resyaunte there or any of them to be taxed sett asked levied or payed; but that the saide Englishe Inhabitauntf & nowe Resiauntes of Romney Marshe aforesaid and every of them, bee and shall be of and from the saide Graunte and Payment of the saide Subside & twoe Fifteenes & Tenthes, during theire Resyauncye there and no longer, acquyted and dyschardged ; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this present Acte made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided neverthelesse, and be it Inacted by the aucthoryde aforesaid, That yf anye Alyen or Straunger borne, Denyzen or not Denyzen, and dwelling or inhabyteng w,hin this Realme of England, shall assigne or convey over unto anye his or theire Childe or Children borne w'hin the said Realme of England, anye his or theire Lands Tents Goods or Chattels, to the intent thereby to defrawde the Quenes MaUe of her sayd Subsidie of or for the same, that then all and everye suche Childe or Children so being seised of anye suche Lands or Tents, or possessed of anye suche Goods or Chattels, shalbe chardged and chardgeable to and w'h the payment of duble the said Subsidie for the same Lands Tents Goods and Cattaills, at the sayd Rates and Values as Alyens and Straungers, Denyzens or not Denyzens, are before lymyted and appoynted to paye.

CHAPTER XVI. (■)

An Act for the Queenes Ma"" most graciouse generall and free Pardon.

THE Queenes most Excellent Majestie well perceiving and understanding that her loving Subjects by manie and sundrie wayes and meanes have of late diversly offended against the good I.awes and Statutes of this her Highnesse Realme, and thereby are fallen into grievous Paynes Forfeytures and Penalties, out of which they cannot bee delivered but onely by her Majesties great Mercie; and withall, considering that Justice and Mercie doe chiefely appertayne to her Princely Estate and Function to be delivered and distributed to her Subjects as occasion shall serve; and at this present, her Highnesse by Gods Providence, beeing rather inclined with Mercie and Clemencie to allure provoke and stirre her Subjects to live and continue in their due Obedience towards her Majestie then otherwise by severe Justice to correct them according to their Deserts and the Severitie of her Lawes; And having a speciall Trust and Confidence in her said loving Subjects, that they will from henceforth diligently applie and endevour themselves to serve her Majestie in all Obedience and due Observaunce of her Majesties Lawes, hath thought it convenient at this time with her Highenesse Free and Generali Pardon, to discharge her sayd Subjects of manie great Paines Forfeitures and Penalties wherewith they stand now charged and chargeable, by reason of their manifold Offences Disobedience and Contempts; And Therefore her Highnesse, of her most gratious Disposition, is contented and pleased that it bee enacted by the aucthoride of this presente Parliament, in manner and forme followinge, that is to say; That all and every her said Subjects, as well Spirituall as Temporall of this her Highnesse Realm of England, Wales, the Isles of Jernesey and Garnesey, and the Towne of Barwick, the Heires Successors Executors and Administrators of them and every of them, and all and singuler Bodies in any manner of wise corporated, Cities Boroughs Shires Ridings Hundreds Laths Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlets and Tythings, and every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shalbe by the authority of this present Parliament acquitted pardoned released & discharged, against the Queenes Majesty her Heires & Successors and every of them, of all maner of Treasons Felonies Offences Contempts Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceits Misdemeanors Forfeitures Penalties and Sums of Money, Paines of Death, Paines Corporal and pecuniary, and generally of all other Things Causes Quarrels Sutes Judgements and Executions, in this present Act hereafter not excepted nor foreprised, which may be or can be by her Highnesse in any wise or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the first day of January last past in this present xxiij yeere of her most gracious Reigne, to every or any of her said Subjects Bodies Corporated Cities Boroughes Shires Ridings Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages & Tithings or any of them.

And also the Queenes Highnes is contented that it be enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That her said free Pardon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Law to every of her said Subjects, Bodyes Corporate, and other before rehearsed, in for and against all Things which be not hereafter in this present Acte excepted

> From the Printed Copy in the Edition of the Statutes 1618, usually called Rastall’s. See Note pa. 6j6.

PENN STATI

ivtitf ¥¥*!* tt iillff M

.U.1580-1.

23° Eliz. c. 16.

699

rH

ft

I

0!

C

m

ku

t*

it

foreprised, as the same Pardon should have ben, if all Offences Contempts Forfeitures Causes Matters Suits Quarrels Judgements Executions Penalties and al other Things, not hereafter in this Act excepted and foreprised, had beene particularly singularly specially and plainely named rehearsed and specified, and also pardoned by proper and expresse Words and Names in their Kinds Natures and Qualities, by Words and Termes thereunto requisite to have beene

put in and expressed in this present Act of free Pardon ; And that her said Subjects, nor any of them, nor the Heires

Executors or Administrators of any of them, nor of the said Bodies Corporate and other before named and rehearsed, nor any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goods Chattels Lands or Tenements, for any maner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeanor Forfeiture Trespassc Offence or any other Thing, suffred done or committed, before the said first day of January, against her Highnes her Crowne Dignity Prerogative Lawes or Statutes, but only for such Matters Causes & Offences as be rehearsed mentioned or in some wise touched

in the Exceptions of this present Act hereafter mentioned to be foreprised & excepted, and for none other

Any Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

And the Queenes Highnes of her bounteous liberality, by the Authority of this present Parliament, graunteth & freely giveth to every of her said Subjects, & to every of the said Bodies Corporat and other before rehearsed, and every of them, all Goods Chattels Debts Fines Issues Profits Amerciaments Forfeitures and Sums of Money by any of them forfeited, which to her Highnes do or should belong or appartaine, by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entree Misdemeanor Matter Cause or Quarrell suffered done or committed by them or any of them before the said first day of January, which bee not hereafter in this present Act foreprised and excepted; And that all and every the Queenes said Subjects, and all and singular Bodies Corporat and others before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputy or Deputies or by his or their Atturney or Atturneys, according to the Lawes of this Realme, plead and minister this present Act of free Pardon, for his or their Discharge of and for every Thing that is by vertue of this present Act pardoned discharged given or granted, without any Fee or other Thing in any wise paying to any person or persons for Writing or Entry of the Judgments or other Cause concerning such Plea Writing or Entry, but only xvj d. to be paid to the Officer or Clarke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgement for the Parties discharged in that Behalfe; Any Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

Thii Pardon as valid by general Words, as if all Ofiencrt, &c. were particularly specified.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences pardoned.

Pardon may be pleaded without rccs; except t6d. to the Clerk.

And Furthermore the Queenes Highnesse is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authoritic of this Thij pJr^n thall present Parliament, That her saide free Pardon by the generall Words Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, shalll be construed most be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all maner of Courts of her Highnes and else where Subject!*1* *°r * most beneficially and avayleably to all and singuler her said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and to every of them in al things not in this present Act excepted or foreprised, without any Ambiguity Question or other Delay whatsoever it shalbe to be made pleaded objected or alleaged by the Queene our Sovereigne Lady her Heires & Successors, or by any of their general Atturny or Atturnies, or by any person or persons for her Highnes or any of her Heires or Successors.

And further it is enacted by the Queene our Sovereigne Lady by the authority of this present Parliament, That i>en»lty on Officer* if any Officer or Clarke of any of her Highnes Courts commonly called the Kings Bench Chancery and Common of Court* i*uing ^ Place or of her Exchequer or any other Officer or Clarke of any other of her Highnes Courts within this Realme, hereby pardoned 5 at any time after the last day of this present Session of Parliament, make out or write out any maner of Writs Processe Sommons or other Precepts whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodies corporated or others before declared void, rehearsed or any of them shall be in any wise arrested attached distrained sotnmoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or grieved in his or their Bodies Lands Tenements Goods or Chattels or in any of them, for or because of any maner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Act of free Pardon; Or if any Shiriffe or Eschetor or any of their Deputy or Deputies or any Bailiffc or other Officer whatsoever by colour of his or their Office or otherwise, after the said last day of this present Session of Parliament doe levy receive take or withhold of or from any person or persons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Act, that then every such person so offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony Witnesse or Proofe yeeld & pay for Recompence thereof to the Party so grieved or offended therby his or their treble Damages besides all Costs of the Suite, & shal also forfeit & lose to the Queenes Majesty for every such Default, x ti.: And nevertheles all & singular such Writs Proct-sse and Precepts so to be made for or upon any maner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Act of free Pardon, shalbe utterly void of none Effect.

Exckpt and alwayes foreprised out of this generall and free Pardon, all & all maner of High Treasons and VI

other Offences committed or done by any person or persons against the Queenes most Royall person, and all from?hi«p*rdon: Conspiracies and Confederacies trayterously had committed or done by any person or persons against the Queenes Certain Treason*; Majesties Royall Person: And also excepted all and every maner of Treasons committed or done by any person or persons in the parts beyond the Seas or in any other place out of the Queenes Dominions, and also all Suites Punishments Executions Paines of Death Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the Treasons and Offences before excepted: And also excepted and foreprised out of this generall Pardon al and every Offences pir*cie., of Piracie & Robbery done uppon the Seas, & al & every comforting procuring or abetting of the same Offences to be had done or committed: And also excepted out of this Pardon al maner of voluntary Murders Petie Murder*; Treasons 8t wilful Poysonings don or comitted by any person or persons, & al & every the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of the before the said Offences comitted: And also excepted out of this Pardo al Offences of forging Counterfeiting, ,Vc. & false counterfeiting of any the Monies currant within this Realme: And also al Ollences of unlawfull diminishing of Money; of any the said Moneys by any way or meanes whatsoever contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme;

LaOoOle

700

23° Eliz. c. 16.

A.D. 1580-1.

Burglaries ; Robberies;

Arsons; Rapes, See.

Escapes; Attainders; Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

&c.i

Murderers indicted;

Intrusions;

Alienations without Licence

Wastes in Lands of the Queen's Wards, to.;

Concealed Wards;

Ravishments of Wards;

Fines for Widows’ Marriages.

VII. Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

VIII. Further Exceptions: Prisoners in special Custody ; Fugitives for Treason, Stc.; Persons absent from the Realm without Licence;

Concealment of Customs, &c.

Collectors and Accountants to the Crown

Unlawful Inclosures, 8f c.;

And also all abbetting ayding comforting or procuring of the same Offences or any of them to be committed or done: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries committed or done in any Dwelling House or Houses, any person or persons then being in the said House and put in feare: And also excepted all Robberies done upon or to any Man or Womans person in the High way or elsewhere, and all and singular Accesaries of or to any such Robberies before the said Robbery committed : And also all willfull Burnings of any Dwelling House or Houses, or of any Barne or Barnes wherein any Corne is: And also excepted all Rapes and carnall Ravishments of Women : And also all Ravishments and wilfull taking away or marrying of any Maide Widow or Damosell against her will, or without the Assent or Agreement of her Parents or of such as have her in Custody: And also all Offences of aiding comforting procuring or abbetting of any such Ravishment wilfull taking or marrying to be had committed or done: And also excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Traitors or Felons: And also excepted out of this Pardon all persons now attainted or outlawed of or for any Treason Petty Treason Murder Willfull Poysoning or Robbery : And also excepted all Offences of Invocations Conjurations Witchcrafts Sorceries Inchauntments and Charmes, and all Offences of procuring abetting or comforting of the same, and all persons now attainted or convicted of any of the said Offences : And also except all and every matter of taking from the Queenes Majestie of any Goods or Chattels, or the Issues Rents Revenues or Profits of any Manors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments which were of any Traitor Murderer Felon Clarke or Clarks attainted or Fugitives, or of any of them : And also except all Goods and Chattels in any wise forfeited to the Queenes Majestie by reason of any Treason Petty Treason Murder or Felony heretofore committed or done: And also except out of this generall Pardon all persons which the last day of this present Session of Parliament stand indicted of any wilfull Murder, and which yet be not acquitted or discharged thereof, and all Forfeitures and Titles of Forfeitures of any Goods Chattels Lands or Tenements that now is growen or accrued, or hereafter may grow accrue or come by any Offence or Offences committed or done by any such person or persons: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Intrusions had made or done by any person or persons in or upon any the Manors Lands Tenements or other Hereditaments of our Sovereigne Lady the Queene, and all Wastes done committed or suffered upon any such Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, and the wrongfull taking of any the Rents Issues and Profits of the same Manors Lands Tenements or other Hereditaments of our saide Sovereigne Lady the Queene, and also all Suites Accountes and Impetitions of and for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon al Alienations of any Lands Tenements or Hereditaments without Licence, and all Fines Issues and Profits that may or ought to grow or come to the Queenes Majesty by reason of any such Alienation without Licence: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Wastes committed or done in any of the Queenes Wards Lands or in the Wards Lands of any of the Queenes Committees: And also all and every Fine and Fines for the single or double Value of the Marriage or Marriages of all & every Ward or Wards at any time heretofore growen to the Queenes Majestie or any her noble Progenitors : And also excepted all concealed Wards and the Lands of such Wards concealed, and all Liveries and Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines that ought to be had done or sued for the same : And also excepted out of this generall Pardon all Ravishmens and wrongfull taking or withholding of any of the Queenes Wards or Wards Lands, or the Rents and Profits of the same at any time comen or growen to the Queenes Hands, and every other Thing that by reason of any Ward or Wards Lands ought to come or bee to the Queenes Majestie, and which as yet is not discharged : And also excepted all Fines that should or ought to grow to the Queenes Majestie of any of her Widowes that have married without License.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and every person and persons which have tendered or ought to sue Livery out of our said Sovereigne Lady the Queenes Hands of or for any Manors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever they be, shall sue his and their Livery and Liveries out of our said Sovereigne Lady the Queenes Hands of his or their Manors Lands Tenements and Hereditaments in like manner and forme as they and every of them should or ought to have done if this Acte had never beene had nor made; Any Article Thing or Things in this present Acte of generall Pardon comprised and specified to the contrary notwithstanding.

And also excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon all such as the last day of this present Session of Parliament be in Prison in the Towre of London or in the Prison of the Marshalsey, or in the Prison of the Fleete, by expresse Commandement from the Queenes Majestie, or by the Commandement of any of her Majesties Privy Councell: And also excepted out of this Pardon all and every such person and persons which at any time sithence the beginning of the Queenes Majesties Reigne, have fled out of this Realme of England, or any other the Queenes Dominions, for any Offence of High Treason Petty Treason or Misprision of Treason: And also excepted all such persons as be fled or gone out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Laws and Statutes of this Realme without the Queenes Majesties License: And also excepted all such persons as have obtained and had Licence to depart this Realme for a certaine time, and now doe abide out of the Realme without any lawfiill excuse after the time of their Licence expired : And also excepted out of this Pardon all and every Concealments or wrongfull Detainements of any Custome or Subsidy due to the Queenes Majestie, and -all Accounts Impetitions and Sutes to be had made or done for the same: And also excepted all and singular Accounts of all and every Collector and Collectors of any Subsidy Fifteene Custome or other Thing, & all Accounts of every other person whatsoever that ought to be accomptant to the Queenes Highnesse or to her most noble father King Henry the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixt or Queene Mary, or to any or them, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of every such person that ought to account for all things touching onely the same Accounts, and all and singular Arrerages of Accounts, and all untrue Accounts, and all Impetitions Suites Demaunds and Executions which can or may be had of or for any Account or Accounts, or any Arrerages of the same : And also excepted all Inclosures and Decayes of Houses of Husbandry and the converting of any Land from Tillage to Pasture made done committed or permitted contrary to the forme and effect of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made: And also excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon all and all manner of Deceits and

ISlfS! ;hl :»uii

23° Eliz. c. 16.

701

A.D. 1580-1.

»*r

i

i

i

i

i

k

u

it

>ii

ii «* ■i

■'

I

Offences of all and singular Moneyers and other Officers Mynters and Workemen of or in any of the Queenes Offence* of Majesties Mynts within this Realm or any other her Dominions, and all Impetitions and Punishments for the same: Jf^heMfatir"

And also excepted all Titles and Actions of Quare impedit, and all Homages Releefe and Releefes Rents Services Quare Impediu, Rent Charges Rents Seeks and the Arrerages of the same not done or payed to the Queenes Highnesse: And also HomaSea> &c- • excepted all Penalties Titles and Forfeitures of Condition or Conditions Covenant or Covenants accrued or growen to Covenant to the Queenes Majestie by reason of the Breache and not performing of any Covenant or Condition whatsoever; the Crown j And also excepted all summes of Money granted to the Queenes Majestie or to any her noble Progenitors, by Sub»idie»; way or meane of Subsidy Fifteene or otherwise : And also excepted out of this Pardon all Debts which were or be Debt* to the due to our Soveraigne Lady the Queene or to the most noble King of famous Memory King Henry the Seventh, or J*cept to King Henry the Eight King Edward the Sixt, or to the late Queene Mary, or to any person or persons to any of Recognizance* i their Uses, by any Condemnation Recognisance Obligation or otherwise (other then such Debts as are due upon any Obligation or Recognisance forfeited before the said first day of January, for non appearance in any Court or other Place whatsoever, or for not keeping of the Peace or not being of good Behaviour) which Debts growen or accrued upon those Causes by this free Pardon be and shalbee cleerely pardoned and discharged: And also excepted and Forfeiture* foreprised out of this Pardon all and singular Penalties Forfeitures and summes of Money, being due or accrued adJudKed’ * to our Sovereigne Lady the Queene, by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutes, which Forfeitures Penalties and summes of Money be converted into the Nature of Debt by any Judgement Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offender or Offenders: And also except all First Fruits and Tenths at this present being due to be payed to her First Fruit* Majestie by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise . And also except all Penalties and Forfeitures whereof there is any T*ntl" > good Verdict in any Sute given or past for the Queenes Majestie : And also excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties by'vcrdictT°Tere and Pt ofites now due accrued or growen, or which shall or may be due accrue or growe to the Queenes Majestie by Forfeiture* and reason of any Offence Misdemeanour or Contempt, or other Act or Deed had suffered committed or done contrary t^Crowu

to any Act Statute or Statutes, or contrary to the common Lawes of this Realme, and whereof any Accion Bill Plaint or Information before the first day of this Session of Parliament hath beene exhibited commenced or sued in any of the Queenes Majesties Courts at Westminster, and is now there depending : And also excepted out of lVrjurie*; this Pardon all Offences of Perjury and Subornation of Witnesses, and all Offences of forging and counterfeiting of Forgerie* of any false Deeds Escripts or Writings, and all procuring or counselling of any such counterfeiting or forging to be had Deed,»&c,; or made: And also excepted out of this Pardon all and every Offence and Offences touching or concerning the carrying illegal sending or conveying over the Seas or out of this Realme of any Gold Silver Jewels, or any Coyne of Gold or Silver contrary to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, unlesse it were or be by the Queenes Licence: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of Incest Adultery and Fornication: And also excepted all Offences whereby any person Ince*t, See.; may be charged with the Penalty and Danger of Preminire, & of the which Offence or Offences any person standeth Premunirc; already indicted or otherwise lawfully condemned or convicted: And also except out of this generall Pardon all Contempt*. &c. Offences Contempts Disorders Covins Frauds Deceits and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore committed or done Star-Chamber1;16 by any person or persons, and whereof or for the which any Sute by Bill Plaint or Information at any time within foure yeeres next before the last day of this present Session of Parliament, hath beene or is commenced or exhibited in the Court of Starre Chamber at Westminster, and there is yet depending: And also except and foreprised out of I*»uc*. Finc*,^Scc. this Pardon all Issues Fines and Amerciaments afferred taxed set estreated or entered severally or particularly &c touching or concerning any one person or moe persons joyntly or severally being above the summe of five pound:

And also except all Issues Fines and Amerciaments returned afferred taxed set or entred severally or particularly in All other Fine*

any Court of Record at Westminster, at any time sithence the first day of Michaelmas Terme last past: And yet ParJoned

neverthelesse all other Fines, as well Fines pro licentia concordandi, as other set taxed estreated or entred before

the said first day of Michaelmas Terme last past. And also all Issues Fines and Amerciaments, as well reall as other,

either within any Liberties or without, being set taxed estreated or entred before the said first day of Michaelmas

Terme, and which severally or particularly extend to the summe of Five Pound, and not above, whether they bee

totted or not totted, taken to the Charge of the Shiriffe or not taken to his Charge, estreated or not estreated,

or whether they be turned into Debt, or not turned into Debt, and not being levied nor received by any Shiriffe

Under Shiriffe Bailiffe Minister or other Officer or Officers to the Queenes Majesties use before the last day of

this present Session of Parliament, shall be freely clearely and plainely pardoned and discharged against the

Queenes Majestie, her Heires and Successors for ever, by force of this present Acte of Free Pardon: And yet Provi*oa*to

neverthelesse all Estreates of such Fines Issues and Amerciaments as be now pardoned by this Acte, and which ,,ch pjnej,

bee already estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer, and be remaining in the Hands of the Sheriffes Under

Shiriffes or Bailiffes for collecting of the same Fynes Issues and Amerciaments, shall upon the retume of the same

Estreates, bee orderly charged and delivered by scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer, as

heretofore hath beene accustomed, to the intent that thereupon order may bee taken that her Majestie may bee the

more truely answered of all such Fines Issues and Amerciaments not by this Act pardoned, and which any Sheriffe

Under Sheriffe Bayliffe or other Officer or Minister hath received by force or colour of any such Extreates Processe Allowance to

or Precept to him or them made for the levying thereof; And yet notwithstanding all and every Sheriffe and Sheriffes pardoned.

and other Accomptant upon his or their petition or petitions to bee made for the allowance of any such Fines Issues

and Amerciaments as by this Act is pardoned, shall have all and every such his and their Petition allowed in his

Account without paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clarke or other Minister for the making entring or allowing

of any such Petition or Petitions; Any Usage or Custome to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX.

And also except out of this Pardon all Goods Cattells Debts Actions and Suites already forfeited, or whereof any Further any Right or Title is accrued or grown to the Queenes Majestie, by reason of any Outlawry, and whereof the Queenes ExccP,10na: Majestie by her Highnesse Letters Patents hath before the last day of this present Session of Parliament made any Outlaw^granted Grant Covenant or Promise to any person or persons: And also except all false forging or counterfeiting of any by the Crown:

3Q

702

23° Eliz. c. 16, 17

A.D. 1580-1.

Counterfeiting Inquettl of

Office, &c.;

Persons attainted of Rebellion, Jcc.

X.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

XL Exception of Persons in Custody for refusing to attend Divine Service, &c. until they conform, &c.

Prisoners in Custody by the Queen’s express Command; and all Persons accused of Offences of the like or any other kind.

Offenders against Act of Uniformity, I Eliz. c. a.

Commission or Commissions to enquire of any Landes Tenements or Hereditaments; and also all false forging or counterfeiting of any untrue Certificate or Rcturne of any Commission or Commissions obtained or gotten foorth of any Court or Courts to enquire of any Landes Tenements Hereditaments or other Things whatsoever: And also excapted out of this Pardon, all such persons that bee and remain still attainted or condemned, and not already pardoned of and for any Rebellion or levying of Warre, or of or for any Conspiracie of any Rebellion or levying of Warre within this Realme or in any the Queenes Dominions.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may bee lawfull to all and every Clerke and other Officer of the Queenes Courts to award and make Writtes of Capias’ utlega! at the suite of the Partie Plaintife against such persons outlawed as be pardoned by this Act, to the intent to compell the Defendant and Defendants to make answere to the Plaintife or Plaintifes at whose sute hee or they were outlawed, shall sue a Write Scire fa? against the parties or parties at whose sute he or they were so outlawed, before this Pardon in that behalfe shalbe allowed to him that is so outlawed.

Provided also that this Act of Generali Pardon shall not in any wise extend to any person or persons which the last day of this present Session of Parliament be by force of any Commandement remayening in any Prison, or in any other Place in speciall custody as persons restrained from liberty for their obstinancie and disobedience in refusing to come to the Church to heare Divine Service, or for any other Matter or Cause touching their willfull obstinancie and disobedience in causes of Religion or Doctrine now lawfully established within this Realme, but that shall be excepted and they and every of them for so long time as they shall so still continue in such their wilfull obstinacie and disobedience foreprised out of this generall Pardon; And yet neverthelesse whensoever the said persons or any of them shall willingly submit themselves in their obedience to her Majestie, and will come to the Church to heare Divine Service, and willingly refuse their said wilfull obstinacie, and conforme themselves in the said causes of Religion and Doctrine, and continue in such their conformity and due obedience to her Majestie, according as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme they ought to doe, then and from thenceforth all and every such person and persons so submitting and yeelding themselves in their due obedience towards her Majestie, and so continuing in the same shall forthwith be received and enabled by force of this Act to have and enjoy the full benefite of this generall Pardon as largely and fully in all respects as any other of her Majesties good Subjects have or ought to enjoyne by virtue of this Act: And also except out of this Pardon, all such persons as the last day of this present Session of Parliament be and remain as persons restrained from liberty in the custody of any other person or persons in her Highnesse expresse commandement for any Offence or Offences whatever: And also except all other persons which before the said last day of this Session of Parliament have bene are or hereafter shal be upon just cause impeached or accused of or for any such like Offence or Offences, wherewith those persons now restrained as aforesaid, be or shall be justly charged; And also all other Offences wherewith any of those persons so impeached or accused be or shall be justly charged : And also except all Offences committed or done by any person or persons contrary to the form and effect of the Statute made in the first yere of her Majesties Reign, touching the uniformity of Common Prayer and the Administration of Sacraments in the Church, and whereof any person or persons at any time since the twentieth day of June last past have bene or is lawfully indicted or convicted.

All Lands and Tenements within the County of the City of Exeter, heretofore partible between Heirs Males and Females, shall in future cease to be so partible, and shall be and become descendible according to the Course of the Common Law.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte that Gavelkind Landes within the Cyttye of Exceter maye be enheritable as Landes at the

Comon Lawe.

BE yt enacted ordeyned and establyshed, by the Queene our Soveraigne Ladye and by thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by aucthoritic of the same, That all Mesuages Landes Tentes Rentes Services Revercons Remainders Advowsons, and all other whatsoev1 Hereditamentes, set lyeng and being within the Countie of the Cittie of Exceter, whereof any pson or psons be seised in Possession Revercon or in Remainder or Use, in Fee Simple or Fee Taile, and whiche before the making of this Acte have byn used by a custome there to be descendable and partable betwene and amongest Heires Males and Females, shall from the ende of this Session of Parliament be clearelye chaunged from the said custome; and in no wise, after thend of this flsent Session of Parliament, upon any discent that shall happen, be departed or departable, by any Custome there, amongest and betwene the Children or Heires Males and Females; but shall remaine reverte abyde (1) come [or • ] bee, after and according as Meases Landes Tentes and other Hereditam'f doe or maye discende remaine reverte abyde come or be, according to the course of the Comon Lawes of this Realme of England, And in like manner should discende and be discendable remaine reverte come and bee inheritable to the Heire or Heires after and according to the said course of the Comon Lawes of this Realme of England. And all and singuler the said Meses Lands and Tents and Hereditamentes shall, upon everye suche discent that shall happen hereafter, from thenceforth be accepted token inherited deemed and adjudged to be like as Landes Tentes and other Hereditamentes at the Comon Lawes of this Realm, and in suche manner and fourme as yf the same Meases Landes Tentes 8c other Hereditamentes had never byn departed or departable betwene and amongest Heires Males and Females j Any Lawe Usage or Custome within the said Countie of the said Cittie of Exceter herebefore had accepted or used to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding. Savinge allwaye to all and everye other pson and psons all suche Right Title Condic&n Intereste Pfittes and [Comodities»] as they or any of them nowe have or hereafter shall have of in or to any the said Landes Tentes or Hereditamentes} Any Thinge herein conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

1 descend 0.

•8c 0.

3 comodity 0.

PENN STATI

( 703 )

I

I

i

Anno 27° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1584 [& 1585.]

k

I

I

ss

Dt

U

«*

as

bt

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-third Day of November, o In the TWENTY-SEVENTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

€x ftotulo #arltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabet&e IRestne 3Utceatmo*septtmo. O

In PARLLAMENTO inchoato & tento apud Westmonasterium, Vicessimo tercio die Novembris Anno Regni Diie nre Elizabethe Dei gra Anglie Frauncie & Hifenie Regine, Fidei Defensor, &c. Vicessimo septimo Comuni omniu Dnojj tarn Spiritualiu q*m Temporatm ac Comunitatis consensu, et Regie Majestatis assensu, Inactitata & Stabilita fuerunt hec sequencia Statuta. Viz.

km

km

ki

IB I

F-:

M*

if

>/*

,*•

t*

PuBLICKE AcTf.

I. An Act for Provision to be made for the Suertie of the Queenes Majesties most Royal Person and the continuaunce of the Realme in Peace.

a. An Act againste Jesuites Semynarie Priestes and such other like disobedient Persons.

3. An Act for the explanacion of the Statute made Anno xiij of the Queenes Majesties Reigne, intituled

An Act to make the Landes Tenementes Goodes and Chattels of Tellors Receivors, &c. liable to the paiment of their Debtes.

4. An Act against covenous and fraudulent Conveyaunces.

5. An Act for the expedicion of Justice in causes of Demurrers and Pleadinges.

б. An Act for the retuminge of sufficient Jurors for the better expedicion of Trails.

7. An Act for the levyinge of Issues lost by Jurors.

8. An Act for redresse of erronious Judgementes in the Courte comonly called the Kinges Benche.

9. An Act for Reformacion of Errors in Fynes and Recoveries in the xij. Sheires of Wales, Towne and

Countie of HaVerforde West with the Counties Palentine.

10. An Act for the continuaunce of a former Statute entituled An Act to redresse disorders in comon

Informers upon Penall Statutes made in the xviij. yere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne.

11. An Act for the revivynge continuaunce explanacion and perfectinge of divers Statutes.

12. An Act for the swearinge of Under Sherifes and other under Officers and Mynisters.

13. An Act for the followinge of Huye and Crye.

14. An Act for revyvynge of a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte.

15. An Act for the bringinge in of Staple Fishe and Hearinges into this Realme.

16. An Act touchinge Artificers usinge the cuttinge of Leather.

' And there continued until the Nine and twentieth Day of March following; Printed Copies.

• There is a Duplicate Roll of this Year, the Introduction to which does not contain the List of ‘ Private Acts.’ Besides the Nineteen Acts in the Lists of Public Acts, and inrolled on both Rolls, which have always been printed as Chapters I. to XIX. of the Acts of this Session, Eleven others, Chapters XX. to XXX, have also been uniformly printed as part of the Statute: These latter Acts, not appearing on either of the Inrollments in Chancery, have been printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. No Titles are entered in the Margins of the several Acts on either Roll} but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of these Chapters. The Titles of the Acts printed from the Originals are from the Indorsements on the several Acts. The Act for the Government of Westminster («. 5. in the List of Private Acts,) is now first printed, from the Original Act; It is frequently referred to by subsequent Acts printed in all Collections of the Statutes. Neither this nor any others of the Private Acts are entered on either of the Inrollments. It will be seen that the Duplicate Roll agrees with the Original Acts, in the several Corrections suggested in the Notes.

704

27° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1584-5.

Vj. An Act touchinge the Breadth of White Wollen Clothes made in the Counties of Somersett Wiltests Glouc and Oxon, &c.

18. An Act conceminge makinge of Wollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and Comewalle called plaine

white Straightes and pinned white Straightes.

19. An Act for the preservacion of Tymber in the Wildes of the Counties of Sussex Surrey and Kent, and

for the amendment of Highe Waies decaied by carriage to and fro Iron Mylles there.

Private Acis.

t. An Act for the maintenaunce of the Pere or Cob of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset.

a. An Act for the Confirmacion of her Majesties Letters Patten(s graunted to the Queens Colledge in Oxforde.

3. An Act for the Confirmacion of her Majesties Letters Patterns graunted unto the Maister Fellowes and

Scollers of Clare Halle in Cambridge.

4. An Act touchinge diverse Assuraunces made by the Bisshope Dean and Chapter of Exceter.

5. An Act for the good Govemement of the Cittie or Burrough of Westminster.

б. An Act for the establishinge of a Joynter unto Katheryne Countesse of Huntington.

7. An Act for the Assuraunce of certaine Landes unto Sir Thomas Lucie and others.

8. An Act for the Assuraunce of certaine Landes in the Counties of Norff Suff Lincolne and Warwicke

unto the Lorde Willoughbie and Erisbie accordinge to a Decree in the Chauncerie.

9. An Act for the Assuraunce of certaine Landes at Hackney unto the Lorde Hunsdon. i o. An Act concerninge the Lord Dacres and the Lorde Norris.

11. An Act for the Restitucion in bloode of the Lorde Thomas Howarde.

12. An Act for the assuraunce of certeine Landes unto George Chewne Giles Fluide and Christopher

Puckeringe and theire Heires.

13. An Act for the Establishment of an Awarde made betwene Roberte Lorde Riche and Sir Thomas

Barrington [Kington1] their Heires and Assignes.

14. An Act for the Assuraunce of certen Landes and Tenementes in the Cittie of London unto Jonas Scot

accordinge to a decree in the Starchamber.

15. An Act for the true answeringe of the Debtes of Edwarde Fisher Esquire.

16. An Act for the incorporacion of the Hospitale of Christe in the Towne of Shereborne in the Bisshopricke

of Durham.

17. An Act for the Hospitalle of Eastbridge within the Cittie of Canterburie.

18. An Act for the Pavinge of the Towne of New Windsor in the County of Berke.

19. An Act for the Pavinge of the Towne of Newarke uppon Trent in the County of Nottingham.

For detecting Ploti against the Queen’s Person and Government;

In cases of Invasion or Rebellion, by or for any Person pretending Title to the Crown, all such Persons, by Judgement of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, shall, on Proclamation, be excluded and disabled from all Claim to the Crown;

CHAPTER I.

An Act for Provision to be made for the Suertie of the Queenes Majesties most Royall Person, and the continuaunce of the Realme in Peace.

FORASMUCH as the good Felicitie and Comforte of the whole Estate of this Realme consisteth (onely next under God) in the Suertie and Preservation of the Queenes most excellent Majestie; And for that it hath manifestly appeared that sondrie wicked Plottes and Meanes have of late bene devised and laide, aswell in forreine partes beyonde the Seas as also within this Realme, to the greate endangering of her Highnesse most Royall Person, and to the utter Ruine of the whole Common Weale, if by Godes mercifull Providence the same had not bene revealed : Therefore for preventing of suche greate Perrils as might hereafter otherwise growe, by the like detestable and devilish Practises, at the humble Seute and earnest Petition and Desier of the Loordes Spirituall and Temporal], and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same Parliament, Be it enacted and ordeined. If at any tyme after the ende of this present Sessione of Parliament, any open Invasion or Rebellion shall be had or made into or within any of her Majesties Realmes or Dominions, or any Act attempted tending to the hurte of her Majesties most Royall Person, by or for any Person that shall or may pretende any Title to the Crowne of this Realme after her Majesties Decease; or if any thing shall be compassed or imagined, tending to the Hurte of her Majesties Royall Person, by any Person or with the Privitie of any Person that shall or may pretend Title to the Crowne of this Realme, That then by her Majesties Commission under her Great Seale, the Lordes and others of her Highnesse Previe Counsell, and such other Lordes of Parliament to be named by her Majestie as with the saide Privie Counsell shall make up the nomber of xxiiij at the leaste, having with them for theyr assistance in that Behalfe such of the Judges of the Courtes of Recorde at Westminster as her Highnesse shall for that purpose assigne and appointe, or the more parte of the same Counsell Lordes and Judges, shall by vertue of this Acte have authoritie to examine all and everie the Offences aforesaide, and all circumstances theirof, and thereupon to geve Sentence or Judgement as upon good prose the Matter shall appeare unto them : And that after such Sentence or Judgement given, and Declaration thereof made & published by her Majesties Proclamation under the Great Seale of Englande, all Persons, against whome *uch Sentence or Judgement shall be so given and published, shall be excluded and

1 erroneously for ‘ Knight,’

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 1.

705

H

to

i

r*

n*

10

ifc*

1*1

to-

eC0

B*

fc»*

ri*

F*

10

0'

0*

0

dishabled for ever to have or clame, or to pretende to have or clame, the Crowne of this Realme, or of any her Majesties Dominons; Anye former [Lawes 1 ] or Statute whatsoever to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding: And that thereupon all her Highnesse Subjectes shall and maie lawfully, by vertue of this Acte and her Majesties Direction in that Behaulfe, by all forcible and possible Meanes pursue to Death everie of such wicked Person, by whome or by whose Meanes Assent or Previtie any such Invasion or Rebellion shall be in forme aforesayde denounced to have bene made, or such wicked Act attempted, or other Thing compassed or imagined against her Majesties Person, and all their Aydours Comfortours and Abettours: And if any such detestable Act shall bee executed against her Highnesse most Royall Person whereby her Majesties Life shall bee taken away, (which God of his great Mercie forbid,) That then everie such person by or for whome any such Act shall be executed, and their Issues being any wise assenting or previe to the same, shall by vertue of this Acte be excluded and dishabled for ever to have or claime, or to pretend to have or claime, the saide Crowne of this Realme or of any other her Highnes Dominions; Any former Lawe or Statute whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding : And that all y* Subjects of this Realme and all other her Majesties Dominions shall and may lawfully, by vertue of this Acte, by all forcible and possible Meanes pursue to Death every such wicked Person by whome or by whose Meanes any such detestable Fact shall be in forme hearafter expressed denounced to have bene committed, and also their Yssues being any way assenting or privie to the same, and all their Aydours Comforters and Abettours in that Behalfe.

And to the end that the Intention of this Lawe may be effectually executed, if her Majesties Life shall be taken away by any violent or unnatural Meanes, (which God defend) : Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the Lords and others which shall be of her Majesties Previe Counsell at the tyme of such her Decease, or the more parte of the same Counsell, joyning unto them for their better Assistance five other Earles and seavene other Lordes of Parliament at the least, (foreseeing that none of the saide Earles Lordes or Counsell be knowne to be persons that maye make any Title to the Crowne,) those persons which were chiefe Justices of everie Benche Master of the Rolles and Chiefe Baron of the Exchequer at the tyme of her Majesties Death, or in default of the saide Justices Master of the Rolles and Chiefe Baron, some other of those which were Justices of some of the Courtes of Recorde at Westminster at the tyme of her Highnesse Decease to supply their places, or any xxiiij or more of them, whereof eyght to be Lordes of Parliament not being of the Previe Councell, shall to the uttermoste of theire Power and Skill examine the cause and mannor of such her Majesties Death, and what Persons shall be any waye giltie thereof, and all circomstances concerning the same, according to the true meaning of this Act; and thereupon shall by open Proclamation publish the same, and without any delay by all forcible and possible Meanes prossecute to Death all such as shall be founde to be Offendoures therein, and all theire Aydours and Abettours; And for the doing thereof, and for the withstanding and suppressing of all such Power and Force as shall any way be levyed or stirred in disturbance of the deue execution of this Lawe, shall by vertue of this Act have Power and Authoritie not onely to rayse and use such Forces as shall in that behalfe bee needefull and conveniente, but also to use all other Meanes & Thing? possible and necessarie for the Mayntenance of the same Forces and prosecution of the saide Offendours; And if any such Power and Force shall be levyed or stirred in disturbaunce of (*) due execution of this Lawe, by any Person that shall or may pretende any Tytle to the Crowne of this Realme, whereby this Lawe in all Thinges maye not be fully executed according to the effecte and true meaning of the same, that then everye suche person shall by vertue of this Act, be therefore excluded and dishabled for ever to have or clame, or to pretende to have or clame, the Crowne of this Realme, or of any other her Highnesse Dominions; Any former Lawe or Statute whatsoever to the contrayry notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforsaid, That all and everie the Subjectes of all her Majesties Realmes and Dominions, shall to the uttermost of theire Power aid and assist the saide Councell, and all other the Lordes and other persons to be ajoyned unto them for assistance as is aforesaicle, in all Thinges to be donn and executed according to the Effecte and Intention of this Lawe : And that noe Subject of this Realme shall in any wise bee impechid in Bodie Landes or Goodes at any tyme hereafter, for any Thinge to be done or executed according to the Tenour of this Lawe; Any Lawe or Statute heretofore made to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

And Whereas of late many of her Majesties good and foithfull Subjectes have, in the name of God and with the testimonie of good Consciences, by one uniforme maner of writinge under their Handes and Seales, and by there severall Othes voluntariely taken, joyned themselves together in one Bonde and Association, to withstande and revenge to the uttermost all such malicious Acctions and Attemptes againste her Majesties most Royall Person : Nowe for the full explayning of all such Ambiguities and Questiones as otherwyse might happen to growe, by reason of any senester or wrong Construccion or Interpretation to be made or inferred of or uppon the Wordes or Meaning thereof. Be it declarede and enacted by the Aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That the same Association, and everie Article and Sentence therein conteyned, aswell concerning the disallowing excluding or dishabling of any Person that may or shall pretende any Title to come to the Crowne of this Realme, and also for the pursuing and taking reveng of any Person for any such wicked Acte or Attempt as is mentioned in the same Association, shall and ought to be in all Thinges expounded and adjudged according to the true Interne and Meaning of this Acte, and not otherwise nor against any other Person or Persons.

and may with their Abettors, &c. be pursued to Death by all Subjects;

and, in case of the Queen’s Death, the Party causing the same shall be excluded, and pursued to Death.

II.

In case of the violent Death of the Queen, the Privy Council, See. shall, on Examination, proclaim the guilty Parties, and use force in pursuing them to Death ; and all who resist the Execution of this Law shall be excluded from the Crown.

III.

All Subjects shall assist the Privy Council, and shall not be therefore impeached, in Body Lands or Goods.

IV.

Associations in Defence of her Majesty's Person and Title, declared consonant to this present Act.

1 Lawe 0: Dup.

* the U: Dup.

8 R

706

27° Eliz. c. 2.

A.D. 1584-5.

Attempts of Jesuits, ice. to stir up Rebellion against the Queen.

All Romish ordained Jesuits, &c. shall leave the Realm within Forty Days.

II.

All such Jesuits, &l. coming into or remaining in the Kingdom, declared Traitors

urd their Receivers

Felons without

Orgy.

III.

Subjects educated in any foreign College of Jesuits, &c. not returning on Proclamation, and taking Oath of Supremacy under St. i Eliz. c. I. shall be deemed Traitors.

IV.

Persons sending Money, kc. to foreign Jesuits, &c. or any College of them, shall incur Premunire as under St. 16 Ric.II. c. 5.

CHAPTER IL

An Act againste Jesuites Semynarie Priestes and such other like disobedient Persons.

WHEREAS divers Persons called or professed Jesuites Seminarie Priestes and other Priestes, which have bene and from tyme to tyme are made in the Partes beyonde the Seas, by or according to the Order and Rietes of the Romishe Church, have of late yeres comen and bene sent, and dayly doe come and are sente, into this Realme of Englande and other the Queenes Majesties Dominions, of Purpose, (as hath a] peared aswell by sundrie of their owne Examinations and Confessions as by divers other manifest meanes and proofes,) not onely to withdrawe her Highnesse Subjectes from their due obedience to her Majestic, but also to stire up and move Sedition Rebellion and open Hostilitie within (* ) her Highnesse Realmes and Dominions, to the greate [daungering * ] of the safetie of her most Royall Person, and to the utter Rube Desolation and Overthrow of the whole Realme, if the same bee not the sooner by some good meanes foreseene and prevented: For Reformation whereof be it ordeyned established and enacted by the Queenes most excellent Majestie, and the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons b this presente Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same Parliamente, That all and everie Jesuites Sembarie Priestes and other Priestes whatsoever, made or ordeyned out of the Realme of Englande or other her Highnesse Dominions or within any of her Majesties Realmes or Dominions by any Authoritie Power or Jurisdiction derived chalenged or pretended [forme3] the Sea of Rome, sence the Feast of the Nativitie of Sabt John Baptist, b the first yeere of her Highnesse Reigne, shall within sortie dayes next after the ende of this presente Session of Parliament depart out of this Realme of England, and out of all other her Highnesse Realmes and Dominions, if the Winde Weather and Passage shall serve for the same; or els soe soone after the ende of the saide fourtie dayes, as the Wbde Weather and Passage shall so serve.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforsaide, That it shall not be lawfull to or for any Jesuite Sembarie Priest or other such Priest Deacon or [any *] Religious or Ecclesiasticall Person whatsoever, being borne within this Realme or any other her Highnesse Dominions, and heretofore sence the saide Feast of the Nativitie of Saint John Baptist b the first yeere of her Majesties Reigne made ordeyned or professed, or herafter to be made ordeyned or professed, by any Authoritie or Jurisdiction derived challenged or pretended from the Sea of Rome, by or of what name title or degree soever the same shall bee called or knowne, to come into be or remayne b any parte of this Realme or any other her Highnesse Dominions after the ende of the same sortie dayes, other then in such speciall cases, and upon such speciall occasions onely, and for such time onely as is expressed in this Acte; and if hee doe, that then everie such Offence shall be taken and adjudged to be High Treason; And everie person soe offending shall for his Offence be adjudged a Tray for, and shall suffer lose & forfaite as in case of High Treason: And everie person which after the ende of the same sortie dayes, and after such tyme of departure as is before limited and appointed, shall wittingly and willingly receive relieve comfort aide or mainteyne any such Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other Priest Deacon or Religious or Ecclesiasticall Person as is aforesaide, being at libertie or out of holde, knowing him to be a Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other such Priest Deacon or Religious or Ecclesiasticall Person as is aibresaide, shall also for such Offence be adjudged a Fellone without Benefite of Clergie, and suffer Death, lose and forfaite as in [cause5 ] of one attainted of Felonie.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, If any of her Majesties Subjectes, (not bebg a Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other such Priest Deacon or Religious or Ecclesiasticall person as is before mencioned,) nowe bebg or which hereafter shall be o or brought up in any Colledge of Jesuites or Sembarie, alreadie erected or ordeyned or hereafter to be erected or ordeyned in the Partes beyonde the Seas or out of this Realme in any forrabe partes, shall not, within Sixe Moneths next after Proclamation in that behalfe to bee made in the Cittie of London under the Greate Seale of England, retume into this Realme, and therupon, within two dayes next after such Retume, before the Bishop of the Dioces or Two Justices of Peace of the Countie where he shall arrive, submit himeselfe to her Majestie and her Lawes, and take the Othe set foorth by Act b the first yeere of her Reigne; that then every such person which shall otherwise retume come bto or be b this Realme or any other her Highnesse Dominions, for such Offence of returning or bebg b this Realme or any other her Highnesse Dominions, without Submission as aforesaide, shall also be adjudged a Tray tour, and suffer lose and forfeite as in case of High Treason.

And be yt further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, If any Parson under her Majesties Subjection or Obedience shall at any time after the ende of the saide fourtie dayes, by way of Exchange or by any other shift way or meanes whatsoever, wittingly and willbgly, eyther directly or indirectly, convey delever or sende or cause or procure to be conveyed or delivered to be sent, over the Seas or out of this Realme, or out of any other her Majesties Dominions or Territories bto any forrabe Partes, or shall otherwise wittingly and willbgly yeeld give or contribute any Money or other Reliefe, to or for any Jesuite Seminarie Preist or such other Priest Deacon or Religious or Ecclesiasticall Person as is aforesaid, or to or for the Maintenance or Releife of any Colledge of Jesuites or Seminarie, alreadie erected or ordebed or heareafter to be erected or ordeyned b any the partes beyonde the Seas or out of this Realme b any

> the same O.- Dup. 4 0. omits.

9 iiidaungeryng 0 .- Dup. 3 from 0: Dup.

9 case 0: Dup.

.P1584-5

27° Eliz. c. 2.

707

foreine partes, or of any person then being of or in any the same Colledges or Seminaries, and not returned into this Realme with submission as in this Act is expressed, and continuing in the same Realme; That thein everie such person so offending, for the same Offence shall incurre the daunger and penaltie of Premunire, mentioned in the Statute of Premunire, made in the xvj yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Richarde the Secounde.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That it shall not be lawfull for any Person of or under her Highnes Obedience, at any time after the saide fourtie dayes, duringe her Majesties Life (which Good long preserve,) to sende his or her Childe or other pson being under his or her Governement into any the partes beyonde the Seas out of her Highnes Obedience, without thee speciall Licence of her Majestie, or of foure of her Highnesse privie Counsel), under their Handes in that behalfe first had or obteined; (except Marchants, for such only as they or any of them shall sende over the Seas only for or aboute his her or their trade of Marchandize, or to serve as Mariners, and not otherwise); upon paine to forefait and lose for everie such their Offence the somme of One hundred Ponndes.

And be it [further' ] enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That everie Offence, to bee committed or done against the tenor of this Acte, shall and may be enquired of heard and determined, aswell in the Court commonly called the Kings Bench, in the Countie where the same Court shall for the time be, as also in any other Countie within this Realme, or any other her Highnes Dominions where the Offence is or shall be committed, or where the Offendour shall be apprehended and taken.

Provided allso, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawfull for and to everie Owner and Master of any Shipe Barke or Boate, at any time within said fourtie days or other time before limitted for their departure, to transport into any the partes beyond the Seas, any such Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other Priest aforesaid, so as the same Jesuites Seminarie Priest or other Priest aforesaide so to be transported, doe deliver unto the Maior or other chief Officer of the Towne Porte or Place where hee shall be taken in to be transported, his name and in what place hee receivede such order, and howe long he hath remained in this Realine or in any other her Highnesse Dominions, being under her Obedience.

Provided allso, That this Acte or any Thinge therein conteined, shall not in any wise extende to any such Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other such Priest Deacon or Religeus or Ecclesiasticall person, as is before mentioned, as shall at any time within the said fourtie daies, or within three daies after that he shall heareafter comme into this Realme or any other her Highnesse Dominions, submit himselfe to some Archbyshop or Bishop of this Realme, or to some Justice of Peace within the Countie where he shall arive or laind, and doe thereupon truly and sincerely, before the same Archbyshop Bishop or such Justice of Peace, take the saide Othe set foorth in Anno primo, and by writing under his Hande confesse and acknowledg, anJ from thencefoorth continewe his due obedience unto her Highnesse Lawes Statutes and Ordinances made and provided, or to be made or provided in causes of Religion.

Provided alwayes, yf it happen at any tyme hereafter, any Peere of this Realme to be indited of any Offence made Treason Felonie or Premunire by this Acte, that hee shall have his Triall by his Peeres as in other [causes*] of Treason Felonie or Premunire is accustomed.

Provided neverthelesse, and it is declared by authoritie aforesaide, That if any such Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other Priests abovesaide, shall fortune to be so weake or infirme of Body, that he or they may not passe out of the Realme by the tyme herein limited, without imminent danger of life, and this understoode as well by the corporall Othe of the partie as by other good meanes, unto the Bishop of the Dioces and two Justices of Peace of the same Countie where such person or persons doe dwell or abide ; that then and upon good and sufficient Band of the Person or Persons, with suirties of the somme of CC" at the least, with condition that he or they shall be of good behaviour towardes our Soveraigne Lady the Queene and all her liege people, then he or they so lycensed and doing as is aforesaide, shall and may remaine and be still within this Realme, without any losse or danger to fall on him or them by this Acte, for soe longe time as by the same Bishoppe and Justices shall be limitted and appointed, so as the same time of Abode excede not the space of Sixe Monethes at the most; and that no Person or Persons shall susteine any losse or incurre any danger by this Acte, for the receiving or mainteininge of any such Person or Persons so licensed as is aforesaid, for and duringe such time only as such Person or Persons shall be so licensed to tarry within this Realme; Any Thinge conteined in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it allso further enacted by aucthoritie aforesaid, That everie Person or Persons beinge Subject of this Realme, which after the said fourtie dayes shall know & understand that any such Jesuite Seminarie Priest or other Priest abovesaid, shall abide stay tarrie or be within this Realme or other the Queenes Dominions and Countries, contrarie to the true meaning of this Acte, and shall not discover the same unto some Justice of Peace or other higher Officer within twelve dayes next after his said knowledge, but willingly conceale his knowledge therein; that everie such Offender shall make Fine and be imprisoned at the Queenes pleasure: And that if such Justice of Peace or other such Officer to whome such matter shall be so discovered, do not within xxviij dayes then next following, give information thereof to some of the Queenes privie Counsell, or to the President or Vice President of the Queenes Counsell, established in the North or in die Marches of Wales for the time beinge, that then he or they so offending shall for everie such Offence forfaite the some of Two hundered Markes.

V.

None shall send their Children Abroad without Licence; Penalty, jgioo.

VI.

Offences may be determined in Court of K. B. &c.

VII.

During the 40Days Masters of Ships, &c. may carry Jesuits Abroad.

VIII. Proviso for Jesuits, Priests, &c. submitting and talcing Oath of Supremacy.

IX.

Peers shall be tried by Peers.

X.

Proviso for Jesuits, jkc. being too ill to depart the Realm.

XI.

Penalty on not discovering Jesuits, See. remaining in the Realm ; Fine and Imprisonment.

Penalty on Justice of Peace, &c. concealing Offence, 200 Marks.

1 also 0: Dup.

•cases O: Dup.

708

27° Eliz. c. % 3,

.2X1584-5.

XII. Certificate! of Information given.

XIII.

All Oaths, Bondi, and Subscriptions, shall be certified into Chancery.

Persons submitting shall not come within io Miles of the Queen.

Doubts under 13 Eliz. c.4. § 2. as to Sale of Lands of Accountants

Such Sales may be made after Death of Accountant, or within Eight Years after the Debt is ascertained.

II.

Before any such Sale, Scire facias shall issue against Heirs of the Accountant, who may show that Executors have Assets.

III.

Recited Act and this Act shall not extend to boni fide Sales, made before Scire facias issued, &c.

And be it likwise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That such of the Privie Counsell President or Vice President, to whome such Information shall be made, shall thereupon deliver a Note in writing, subscribed with his owne Hand, to the partie by whome he shall receive such Information, testifying that such Information was made unto him.

And be it also enacted, That all such Othes Bondes and Submissions as shall be made by force of this Act as aforesaid, shall be certified into the Chauncerie by such parties before whome the same shall be made, within Three Moneths after such Submission, upon paine to forfiete and lose for everie such Offence an Hundred Poundes of lawfull English Money, the saide Forfeiture to be to the Queene her Heires and Successors: And that if any person (') submitting himselfe as aforesaid doe at any tyme within the space of Tenn Yeares after such Submission made, come within Tenn Miles of such place where her Majestie shall be, without especiall Licence from her Majestie in that Behalfe to be obteined in Writing under her Hande, that then and from thenceforth such person shall take noe Benefite of the saide Submission, but that the [saide1 ] Submission shall be voyd as if the same had never bene.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for the explanacion of the Statute made Anno xiij of the Queenes Majesties Reigne intituled, An Act to make the Landes Tenementes Goodes and Chattels of Tellors Receivors, &c. liable to the paiment of their Debtes.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the seconde daye of April in the xiij yeere of the Reigne of our Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth, there was amongst other Things an Acte made entituled An Acte to make the Landes Tenements Goods and Cattels of Tellors Receivers, &c. liable to pay their Debts ; upon which Acte some Doubte and Question hath bene moved, whether the Queenes Highnesse her Heires and Successors might for the Satisfaction of her and their Debtes and Farmes, by her or their Letters Patterns under the Great Seale of Engeland, make Sale of any the Landes Tenementes or Hereditaments, whereof her Highnes her Heires or Successors have Power or Authoritie to make Sale by vertue of the same Acte, after the Death of such Accomptant or Debtor as is mentioned in the said Acte, or where the Accompt of such Accomptant or Debtor was not or is not made, or his or their Debt knowen in the Life time of the same Accomptat or Debtor: For declarac&n and explaining whereof Be it declared and enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That the said Acte and everie parte thereof, touching the Power given by that recited Acte unto her Highnesse her Heires and Successors, to make Sale of any the Lands Tenementes or Hereditaments by the same Acte limitted to be solde, is shall and ought to be expounded and extended aswell in case where the Sale is to be made after the Death of such Accomptant or Debtor as where it is to be made in his or their Life time: And allso aswell in case where the Accompte is made or the Debt knowen within viij yeeres after the Death of such Accomptant or Debtor, as where the same Accompt is made or Debt knowen in the Life time of the same Accomptant or Debtor; Any Ambiguitie or Question that hath risen or growen, or may arise or grow or be conceived upon the Letter of the same Acte, to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That after the Death of such Accomptant and Debtor as is mentioned in the said recited Acte, and before such time as any the Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes disended unto the Heire of such Accomptant or Debtor, as Heire unto the same Accomptant or Debtor, shall be (1) as aforesaid, a Sire facias shall be awarded out of her Majesties Court of Exchequer unto the Sheriffe of thee Countie where any such Landes do lye, to garnish the same Heire to shew cause why the same Landes Tenements and Hereditamentes, so to him desended as aforesaide, shoulde not be put to sale for satisfaction of the sayd Debts or Fermes in the same Acte mentioned, according to the tenor of the saide Act; whereupon if the Heire do not within a convenient time, upon a Garnishment or two Nichils returned, shewe & prove unto the saide Court, that the Executors or Administrators of such Accomptant or Debtor have sufficient, which ought to answere or be liable for the same Debte or Farme, & whereby the said Debte or Farme shall and may be dulye and fully satisfied, that then after ten Moneths next after such two Nichils or Garnishment returned, the same Landes Tenements and Hereditaments shall be solde by her Majestie her Heires or Successors, and the Money thereof comminge disposed according to the true Intent and Meaning of the saide former recitede Acte.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the said recited Acte and this Statute of Explanation [and4] as touching onely the Sale of any Landes Tenementes or Hereditaments to be made after the Death of such Accomptant or Debtor as is aforesaid, shall not extend to any Landes Tenements or Hereditaments which any person or persons, not being privie or consenting unto any such Intent to defraude the Queenes Majestie her Heires or Successours as in the saide recited Acte is mentioned, nowe have or enjoy and have purchased or obteined.

‘so 0: Dup.

* same O .• Dup.

9 solde 0: Dup.

4 also O .• Dup.

PENN STATi

Go

A. P-1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 3, 4.

709

or before any [ Sire1 ] facias to be awarded as aforesaid shall have or enjoy purchase or obtaine, bona fide and upon good consideration; Any Thinge in this Acte, or in the before mentioned Acte, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

(*) Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That this Acte of Explanation shal extende onely unto such as have bene or shall be Tellors Receivors Treasurers Costomers, Cofferers of the Housholde, Farmors of Impost, Collectors Bailiffes Vitailers, and other Officers of Receipts and Accomptes unto our Soveraigne Lady thee Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, and to every of them their Heirs Executors and Administrators, and to no other.

Provided also and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That in such Cases where any Accompte shall or ought to be made, or any Debt shall be owinge, in the Courts of the Duchie of Lancaster, and Wards and

Liveries, or in any of them ; then after the Death of such Accomptant or Debtor as is mentioned in the said

former Acte, in any of the said last mentioned Courts, and befor such time as any of the Landes Tenementes or Hereditaments, descended unto the Heire of such Accomptant or Deptor as Heire unto the same Accomptand or Debtor, shall be solde as aforesaid, such Processe shall be awarded as heareafter is expressed, that is to wit; First a Privie Seal commanding the same Heire to make personall Apparance, in the Court out of which the same Privie Saele shall be awarded, to shewe cause as in the Writ of Sire facias to be awarded out of the Exchequer is before appointed ; And if the same Heire shall make Default at the Daye of the Returne of the same Privie Seale, that then upon Affidavit made that the same Privie Seale was duely served either upon the person of the same Heire or left at the place of his or her Dweling or most usuall Aboade, an Attachment with Proclamatio shalbe awarded against the same Heire, and shall be openly published and proclamed, in some Market Towne in the Countie where the same Heire was last dwelling or made his or her usuall Abode, upon some Market Day there in the tyme of open Market, Twentie Daies at the least before the Returne thereof; And if upon Returne thereof the said Heire shall eftsoones make default, that then all Things shall be done and executed, for the Sale of the same Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, and for the full Satisfacdon of the same Debt or Farme, in like and as large and aple maner and forme to all Intents and Purposes, as before in this Acte is limitted and appointed in cases where

Default is made upon a Garnishment or two Nichills returned, upon a Scire facias awarded out of the said

Court of Exchequer.

Provided also and be it likewise enacted, That if the Heire of any Accomptant or Debtor before mentioned shall happen to be within the Age of xxj yeres, when any such Prooces shall fortune to be awarded, that then during the rime of his pt her nonage, this Acte or any Thing therein conteined shall not in any wise be extended executed or put in ure, as touchinge or concerninge only the selling of the Lands Tenements or Hereditaments of any such Heire, Any Thing in the same Acte conteined to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding: And yet neverthelesse, after such time as any such Heire shall accomplish the full Age of xxj yeres, all and singuler the Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, descended unto the same Heire from any such Debtor or Accomptant as aforesayde, shall at all rimes, duringe the space of Eight Yeers then next ensuinge, be subject and liable to be solde for the paiment and satisfaction of her Majestie her Heires or Successors, according to the Intent and true Meaning of this Acte, in such mannor and forme to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Heire had bene of full Age at the rime of the Death of such Debtor or Accomptant.

Provided always and be it enacted, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteined, shall not extende to the Sale of the Landes Tenements or Hereditamentes of any such Heire or Heires, for or by reason of any Accompt Debt or Farme, whereof any such Debtor or Accomptant have or shall have a Quietus est or Discharge, in his or their Life time.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act against covenous and fraudulent Conveyaunces.

F)RASMUCH as not onely the Queenes most excellent Majestie, but also divers of her Highnes good and lovinge Subjectes and Bodies Politique and Corporate, after Conveiances obtained or to be obtained and Purchases mad or to be made of Landes Tenementes Leases Estates and Hereditamentes for Money or other good Considerations, may have incurre and receive great Losse and Prejudice, by reason of fraudulent and covenous Conveiances Estates Gittes Grauntes Charges & Limitations of Uses, heretofore made or hereafter to be made of in or out of Lands Tenementes or Hereditaments so purchased or to be purchased; which said Giftes Grauntes Charges Estates Uses and Conveiances were or heareafter shal be meant or intended, by the parties that so make the same, to be fraudulent & covenous, of purpose and entent to deceive such as have purchased or shall purchase the same, or els, by the secret entent of the Parties, the same be to their owne proper Use and at their fre Disposition,

1 Scire 0: Dup. ' The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

8 S

IV.

To what Accountants this Act shall extend.

V.

Process against the Heir, before Sale of Lands,onAccounts in the DuchyCourt of Lahcaster, or Court of Wards and Liveries.

VI.

Act shall not authorize Sale of Lands during Minority of Heir, but they shall remain liable for Eight Years after his Majority.

VII.

No Sale of Lands after Quietus.

For avoiding Mischiefs by fraudulent Conveyances of Lands:

710

27° Eliz. c. 4

A.D. 1584-5.

Fraudulent Conveyances, made to deceive Purchasers, declared void as against such Purchasers.

H.

Penalty upon all Parties to such fraudulent Conveyances, putting the same m E fleet, one Year's Value, Half to the Crown and Half to the Party grieved j and Half a Year’s Imprisonment.

IH.

Proviso for Conveyances made on good Consideration, &c.

IV.

Conveyances made revocable, of Lands afterwards sold for rood Consideration, declared void against the Purchasers.

Proviso for Mortgages.

coloured neverthelesse by a fained countenance and shewe of Woordes and Sentences, as though the same were made bona fide for good Causes and upon just and lawfull Considerations: For Remidy of which Inconveniences, and for the avoyding of such fraudulent fayned and covenous Conveyances Giftes Grantes Charges Uses and Estates, and for the Maintenance of upright and just dealing in the purchasing of Landes Tenements and Hereditaments, Be it ordeined and enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That all and everie Conveiance Graunt Charge Lease Estate Incombrance and Limitation of Use or Uses, of in or out of any Landes Tenements or other Hereditamentes whatsoever, had or made any time heretofore sithence the beginninge of the Queenes Majesties Raigne that nowe is, or at any time hereafter to be had or made, for the Intent and of Purpose to defraude and deceive such Person or Persons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate as have purchased or shall afterwardes purchase in Fe Simple Fe Taile for Life Lives or Yeres the same Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes, or any Part or Percell thereof, so formerly coveid graunted leased charged incumbred or limitted in use, or to defraude and deceive such as have or shall purchase any Rent Profite or Commoditie in or out of the same, or any parte thereof, shall be deemed and taken, only as against that Person and Persons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate, [or his'] Heirs Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes, and against all and everi other person and persons lawfully having or claiming by from or under them or any of them, which have purchased or shall hearafter so purchase for Money or other good Consideration the same Landes Tenements or Hereditaments, or [other1] Part or Percell thereof, or any Rent Profet or Commoditie in or out of the same, to be utterly voide frustrate and of none effecte; Any Pretence, Colour, fained Consideration, or expressinge of any Use or Uses, to the contrari notwithstanding.

And be it foorther inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all and everie the Parties to such fained covenous and fraudulent Giftes Grauntes Leases Charges or Conveiances before expressed, or beinge privie and knowing of the same or any of them, which after the xx day of Aprill next cominge shall wittingely and willingly put in ure avow maintaine justifie or defende the same or any of them, as true simple and done had or made bona fide or upon good Consideration, to the disturbance or hinderance of the said Purchaser or Purchasers [ Leasses or Grauntes,1] or of or to the disturbance or hinderance of their Heires Successors Executors Administrators or Assignes, or such as have or shall lawfully claim any thing by from or under them or any of them, shall incurre the Penaltie [or1] Forfaitureof one yeres Value of the said Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes so purchased or charged; The one Moitie whereof to be to the Queenes Majestie her Heirs [or*] Successors, and the other Moitie to the Partie or Parties greyed by such fained and fraudulent Gift Graunt Lease Conveiance Incumbrance or Limatation of Use; to be recovered in any of the Queenes Courtes of Recorde by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoine Protection or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted for the Defendant or Defendants; And allso being thereof lawfully convicted shall suffer Imprisonment for one halfe yere without Bade or Mainprise.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That this Acte or any thing therin contained shall not extend or be construed to impeach defait make void or frustrate any Conveiance Assignement of Lease Assurance Graunt Charge Lease Estate Interest or Limitadon of Use or Uses, of in to or out of any Landes Tenementes or Hereditaments, heretofore at any time hade or made or heareafter to be hade or made, upon or for good Consideration and bona fide, to any person or persons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate; Any thinge before mentionede to the contrary heereof notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That if any person or persons have heretofore, sithens the beginning of the Queenes Majesties Raigne that nowe is, made, or hereafter shall make, any Conveiance Gift Graunt Demise Charge Limitation of Use or Uses or Assurance, of in or out of any Lands Tenementes or Hereditamentes, with ani Clause Provision Article or Condidon of Revocation Determination or Alteration at his or their Will or Pleasure of such Conveiances Assurance Grauntes Limitations of Uses or Estates, of in or out of the saide Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes or of in or out of any Part or Parcell of them, contained or mentioned in any Wriringe Deede or Indenture of such Assurance Conveiance Graunte or Gift; and after such Conveiance Graunte Gift Demise Charge Limitation of Uses or Assurance so made or had, shall or doe bargaine sell demise graunt convey or charge the same Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, or any part or parcell thereof, to any personn or personns Bodies Pollitique or Corporate, for Money or other good Consideration paid or gevven, the saide first Conveiance Assurance Gift Graunt Demise Charge or Limitation not by him or them revoked made voyde or altered, accordinge to the power and authoritie reserved or expressed unto him or them in and by the said secrete Conveiance Assurance Gift or Graunt, that then the said former Conveiance Assurance Gift Demise and Graunte, as touching the said Landes Tenements and Hereditamentes so after bargained sold conveyed demised or charged, against the said [Bargaines Veendes Leases Graundees,5] and everie of them, their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes, and against all and everie person and persons which have shal or may lawfully claime any thing by from or under them or any of them, shall be denied taken and adjudged to be void frustrate and of none effecte, by vertue and force of this present Acte: Provided neverthelesse that no lawfull Morgage, made or to be made bona fide and without Fraud or Covin upon good Consideration, shall be impeached or impaired by force of this Acte, but shall stande in like force and effecte as the same shoulde have done if this Acte had never bene had nor made; Any thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

1 his and theire 0: Duf. * and 0: Duf.

* any Duf. ’ Lessees or Grauntees 0 .• Duf.

* Barganees Vendees Lessees Grauntees 0 .• Duf.

Go

J.0.U84-5.

27° Eliz. c. 4.

711

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all the whole tenor and contents of all Statutes Marchantes and Statutes of the Staple, heareafter to be knoledged, shall within vj Moneths next after such knoledging be entered in the Office of the Clarke of Recognizances, taken accordinge to the Statute made in the xxiij yere of the Raigne of the late King Henrie the Eight, by the shewinge forth of the saide Statute Marchant or Statute Staple so knoledged unto the said Clarke; which said Clarke of the Recognizance shall enter or cause to be entred the same Statutes into a Book for that purpose to be provided and safely kept by him, taking viij d. and no more for everie such Entrie.

And be it further enacted, That if the Partie to whome any such Statute Marchant or of the Staple shall be knowledged, his Executors or Administrators, do or shall not, within iiij Moneths next after the knoledginge of any such Statute, bring and deliver or cause to be broughte and delivered unto the said Clarke or his Deputie or Deputies for the time beinge, all and everie such Statute or Statutes as shall be so knoledged to him or to his use, whereby and to the Intente that the said Clarke his Deputie or Deputies may take and enter a true Copy thereof, that then everi such Statute Marchant and of the Staple not so entred shal be voide frustrate and of none effecte, against all and everie such person and persons and Bodies Politique and Corporate their Heirs Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes only, as shal after the knoledging of the said Statutes or any of them purchase, for Money or other good Consideration, the Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentes which were liable to the same Statute Merchant or of the Staple, or any parte or percell therof, or any Rent Lease or Profile of or out of the same ; And if the said Clarke, or his Deputie or Deputies for the time being, shall not upon such shewinge and deliverie unto him or them of any Statute Marchant or of the Staple, enter or cause to be entred the same in his said Booke within the said time of Sixe Moneths, and allso endorse upon everie such Statute so by him entred the Day and Yere of his said Entrie with his or their owne Name, that thein everie such Clarke failing or defective in that behalfe shall forfait and lose, for every Statute Ma'chant and of the Staple so brought unto him or them and not entred and endorsed or caused to be entred and endorsed as aforesaid, the somme of xx pounde ; The one Moitie whereof to be to the Queenes Majestie her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moitie to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the Queenes Courts of Recorde, by Action of Debt Bill Playnt or Information, wherein no Essoyne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no Clerk of the saide Recognizances shall or may take, for or in respect of any search to be made for or concerninge any Statute Marchant or of the Staple so to be entred as aforesaid, above ij d. for one yeres search, and so after the Rate of Two pence for everie yere, and not above; upon paine to forfeit and lose to the Partie or Parties greyed thereby twentie times as much as he shall take contrarie to the true meaning of this Acte, to be recovered in any of the Queenes Majesties Courtes of Recorde, by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information, wherein no Protection or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed.

This Acte to conteinue for the space of tenne yeres, and from thenceforth unto the ende of the Parliament then next following.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte nor any Thing therein contained shall extende or be construed to make good any Purchase Graunt Lease Charge or Profite, of in or out of any Landes Tenements or Hereditamentes, heretofore made voide defeated or undone by reason of any former Conveyance Graunt or Assurance; so as the Partie or Parties or their Heires or Assignes, which have so defeated or made voide the same, were in actuall possession the first day of this present Parliament, of or in the saide Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, wherof or out of which any such Purchase Graunt Lease Charge or Profit was made.

(1) Provided That this Act nor any thinge therein conteynede shall extende in any sorte to restrayne or impayre thee Jurisdictione Power or Authorise of the Courte of Starrechamber.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

V.

Statutes Merchant, See. shall be entered with Clerk of Recognizances under Statute *3 H. VIII. c.6.

VI.

Such Statutes not so entered, declared void at against Purchasers.

Penalty on Clerk neglecting to enter such Statutes, £20.

VII. Feet to Clerk on Searches.

VIII. Continuance of this Act.

IX.

Proviso for Lands in actual Possession of Parties before this Act.

X.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of the Star-Chamber.

Gck

712

27° Eliz. c.5,6.

A.D. 1584-5.

After Demurrer joined and entered, in any Court of Record, Judgment shall be finally given, without regard to any Defect in Process or Pleading, not expressly specified in the Demurrer.

II.

All other Defects may be amended by the Court.

III. Not to extend to Appeals, Indictments, or Penal Statntes.

For securing fair Returnsof sufficient Jurors in Actions

Qualification of Jurors increased from 40s. Freehold to ; and Venire facias amended accordingly.

II.

Issues to be returned on such Jurors increased to ios. 20s. 30s. &c.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the expedicion of Justice in Causes of Demurrers and Pleadinges.

FORASMUCH as excessive Charges and Expences, and greate delay and hinderance of Justice, hath growne in Actions and Suits betwene the Subjectes of this Realme, by reason that upon some smale mistakinge or wante of forme in pleading, Judgementes are often reversed by Writtes of Errour, and often times upon Demurrours in Lawe given otherwise then the Matter in Lawe and verie right of the cause doeth require; whereby the Parties are constrained eyther utterly to lose their right, or els after loung time and greate Trouble and Expences to renewe againe their Suites: For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Queenes moste excelent Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commouns in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same. That from henceforth after Demurrer joyned and entred in any Action or Suite in any Court of Recorde within this Realme, the Judges shall proceed and give Judgement, according as the verie right of the Cause & Matter in Lawe shall appeare unto them, without regarding any Imperfection Defect or Wante of forme, in any Writte Returne Plainte Declaration or other Pleading Procese or course ol Proceding whasoever, Excepte those only which the Partie demurringe shall specially and particularly set downe and expresse together with his Demurrer; And that no Judgement to be geven shall be reversed by any Writte of Error for any such Imperfection Defecte or Wante of Forme as is aforesaid, excepte such onely as is before excepted.

And be it further enacted, That after Demurrers joyned and entred, the Courte where the same shall be, shall and may by vertue of this Acte from time to time amende all and every such Imperfections Defects and wantes of forme as is before mentioned, other then those onely which the Partie demurring shall specially and particularly expresse and set downe together with his Demurrer as is aforesaide.

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to any Writte Declaration or Suite of Appeale of Felony or Murder, nor to any Indictment or Presentment of Felony Murder Treason or other Matter, nor to any Processe upon any of them, nor to any Writte Bill Action or Information upon any popular or penal! Statute; Any Thing aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for the retuminge of sufficient Jurors and for the better Expedicion of Trialls.

FOR the retourninge of mor able and more sufficient Jurors for Trials to be hereafter had betweene partie and partie, and for Reformation of Abuses in Shriffes and other Ministers, who for Rewarde oftentimes doe spare at home the most able and sufficient Freeholders and returne the poorer and simpler sort least able to discerne the Causes in question, and most unable to beare the charges of Aparance and Attendances in such Cases; Be it ordained and enacted by authoritie of this present Parliainente, That in all Cases where any Jurours, to be retoumed for Triall of any Issue or Issues joyned in any of the Queenes Majesties Courtes of the Kings Bench Common Pleas and the Exchequer, or before Justices of Assise, by the Lawes of this Realme nowe in force ought to have state of Freehold in Landes Tenements or Hereditaments of the cleare yearely value of sortie shillinges, that in every such case the Jurours, that shall be retourned from and after the ende of this present Session of Parliament, shall every of them have Estate of Freeholde in Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes to the cleere yeerely value of foure poundes at the least; and that the Wryttes of Venire facias which from and after the ende of this present Session of Parliament shall be awarded and directed for the impanelling of Juries in the cases aforesayde, shall be in this forme: Regina, 8rc. Precipiinus, &c. quod venire facias coram, &c. duodecim liberos 8c legales homines de vicineto de B.' quorum quilibet habeat quatuor libras terra: tenementorum vel reddituum per annum ad minus, per quos rei veritas melius sciri poterit, & qui nec, 8cc. and so foorth : the Residue of the saide Writ after the auncient forme j And that upon every such Wryt and Wryts of Venire facias, the Sheriffe, or other Ministers unto whome the making of the Pannell shall appertaine, shall not retourne in any such Panell any person, unlesse he may dispend foure poundes by the yeare at the least of Freehold out of ancient Demesne within the C.ountie where the Issue is to I e tried, upon paine to forfaite for everie person being returned in any such Panell that cannot dispende foure poundes Freeholde as is aforsaide xxs.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesayde. That upon everie first Writte of Habeas corpora or Distringas, with a Nisi Prius, delivered of Recorde to the Sherife or other Minister or Ministers to whome the making of the Retourne shall appertaine, shall from and after the twentieth day of May next ensuing retourne in Issues, upon everie person impanelled and retourned upon any such Writte, at the least xs.; And at the seconde Writte of Habeas Corpora or Distringas with a Nisi Prius, upon everie person impanelled and retourned upon any such Writte, xx shillings at the leaM ; and at the Third Writte of Habeas Corpora or Distringas with a Nisi Prius, that

j.p.1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 6.

713

shall be further awarded upon everie person impanelled and retourned upon such Writte xxxs.; And upon everie Writte that shall be further awarded to trie any such Yssues, to double the Yssues last afore specified, unoll a full June be sworne or the Processe otherwise ceased or determined; upon paine to forfiute for everie Retoume of Yssues contrary to the fourme aforesaide v ti.

And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriffe Undersherife Bailife or other Minister, from and after the ende penahy on Sheriff of this present Session of Parliament, doe retoume any person or persons to be summoned to appeare in any Juri, burning Jurm wherein he shall for default of his Apparace lose or forfait any Yssues, where in trueth such person shall not be lawfully not being- *o, summoned, that then the same Sherife Undersherife Bailife or other Minister, by whose Defaulte such person shall be Double retourned summoned as aforsaide, shall forfeite lose and pay unto the saide person and persons so returned, duble the Value of the Issues by snch Juror or Jurors [losel] or forfaited for his Default of Apparance.

IV.

Penalty on Sheriff*, ire. taking Reward for not returning any one to be a Juror; afj.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Sherife Undersherife Sherifes Deputie Sherife or Undersherifes Clarke, or any Bailiffe of Fraunchise, shall at any time after the ende of this present Session of Parliament receive take or have, by himselfe or by any other, any summe of Money Rewarde or any other Profile derectly or inderectly, or doe take any Promise, make any Agreement or assent to have any somme of Money Rewarde or other Profile derectly or inderectly, of any person or persons, for the sparing not warning or not retourning of any person to be sworne as a Juror for the Triall of any Issue joyned or to be joyned, in any of the Queenes Majesties Courtes aforesad or before any Jusdces, that then everie Shirife Undershirife Shirifes Deputie Shirife or Undershirife his Clarke or Balife of Libertie or Franchise so offending, to forfeite for everie such Offence the summe of v ti.;

The one Moirie thereof to our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majestie, and the other Moytie thereof to such person and persons as will sue for the same in any Court of Recorde by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein no Essoine Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe alowed to the Defendand.

And further be it ordained and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That from and after the ende of this present Two Hundredon Session of Parliament, at or upon the T'riall of any Issue joyned in any personal! Action, no further Chalenge for •n/Ecient in the Hundered shalbe admitted, if two sufficient Hundreders do appeare at and uppon the triall of such Issue: ^ ^ ^ Provided neverthelesse, that all other Chalenges, principalI or for other Cause, shalbe admitted allowed and tried in Challenges. such order and forme as if this Act had never bene had or made.

VI.

Provided also. That this Acte shall not extende to any Jures or Issues to be returned in any Cide or Towne ^ juron

Corporate or other Towne or Place priviledged to holde Plea, or in the Twelve Shires of Wales; but that they in Corporation*, shall and may be returned as heretofore they lawfully might have bene; This Acte or any Thing therein conteined an<1 10 ^alet. to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge,

w

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for the levyinge of Issues lost by Jurors.

HE REAS there are within this Realme of Engeland, in sundri Counties of the same divers Freeholders of j,UM forfeited . . one name, and often and sundrie times some one or moe of them beene returned and impanelled in Juries for Triall of Matters betwene Partie and Partie; And if it happen any one of them so returned to make Default levied on aSof or lose Issues, when the same are extreated to be levied, the Bailife or other Collectors thereof, for Lucre and '^j^CountyT* Gaine, do demand and require the same of everi one within the said Countie that is of that Name, and doe perswade everie person that is dweling in that Countie, and so named, that he is the Par tie that hath lost those Issues, and compel! him to pay the same by the Distresse of his or their Goods and Chattels, to their great Molestation and Truble; and yet neverthelesse many times doe deteine and keepe all or the more parte of the Issues so colected to their owne Use, in contempt of the Queenes Majesties Lawes and to the greate Grievance of her lovinge Subjects, and contrarie to all Equitie and good Consience: For Remidie whereof be it enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That from and after fourrie Dayes after the ende of this Session of Parliament no Sherife, Coroner, No Juror shall be or other person to whom it shal appertaine to make retume of any Writ, shall retume any Juror dwelling out of any Libertie, without the true Addition of the Place of his Dwellinge or Abode, at the time of the said Retume Abode, which shall or within one yere next before the making of any such Retume, or some other Addition by which the Par tie returned iuoeZ

may be knowen; nor any Juror within any Libertie with other Addition then such as shalbe delivered to him by *nd tj* I,ue* the Balife of the said Libertie or his Deputie, certified under his or their Hande j nor any Balife of any Libertie juror onjy. nor any his or theire Deputie or Deputies shall of himselfe retume any Juror, or deliver to the Shirife his Under Sheriffe, Deputie or Deputies, the Names of any persons to be returned, upon any Panel! or June, without the true and the like to the Addition certified under his or their Hands to the Shirife of the Place of Dwelling or Abode of everi person so to P*rt}r gTimd-be returned, at the time of the said Retume or within one yeere next before the saide Retume, or some other Addition, by which the Partie returned may be knowen; And that no Extract of Issues against any Juror returned

1 loste O Dup.

8 T

714

27° Eli z. c.7, 8.

A.D. 1584-5.

ii.

Justicea of Assize, &c. shall determine Offences.

Continuance of Act.

Erroneous Judgments in K.B. rerersable only in Parliament, at Common Law

Judgments in K.B. in certain Actions between Party and Party, may be examined on Writ of Error into the Exchequer Chamber, and there be reversed or affirmed, &c.

II.

Writ of Error to Parliament, on Judgment in Exchequer Chamber.

as aforesaid, be delivered out received or put in ure, without such Addition as is put in the original! Panell or Tales wherein such Juror shalbe so returned ; And that no Under Shirife Balife or other Officer or Person whatsoever, shall collect levie or gather any Issues so extreated, of any other person or persons then of such person and persons as by vertue of the said Extreate is of right charged or chargeable with the payment of the said Issues; upon paine that everie Clarke that shall [writte 1 ] or deliver, or cause or procure any such Extreate to be delivered out received or put in ure, and every other person offending contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Acte, shall forfeite to the Queenes Majestie her Heirs and Successors five Markes, and to the Partie grieved or which shall susteine any Lose thereby, the summe of five Markes of lawfull English Money j All which Forfeytures and Penaltes shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Information in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoine Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforsaifj. That Justices of Oyer and Terminer within the Limittes

of their Commission, Justices of Assises in their Circuites, and Justices of Peace, aswel within Liberties as without,

within (*) Limites of their Commission, shall by vertue of this present Acte have full Power and Authoritie to inquire heare and determine all and everie Offences aforsaid, committed or to be committed within the severall Limittes Circuite or Precincte of their severall Commission or Commissions, and to award foorth Processe of Execution for

the levying of the saide Forfeytures: This Acte to indure to thee ende of thee next Parliamente.

CHAPTER VUI.

An Act for Redresse of erronious Judgementes in the Courte comonly called The Kinges Benche.

FORASMUCH as erronious Judgementes given in the Courte called the Kinges Bench are only to be reformed by the High Courte of Parliamet, which Court of Parliament is not in these Dayes so often holden as in aundent time it hath bene, neither yet in respecte of greater Affaires of this Realme such erronious Judgements can be well considered of and determined during the time of the Parliamente, whereby the Subjects of this Realme are greatly hindered and delayed of Justice in such Cases: Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That where any Judgment shall at any time hearafter be give in the said Court of the Kings Bench, in any Sute or Acrion of Debte Detinue Covenaunt Accompt Accion upon the Case Ejection Firme or Trespasse, first commenced or to bee first commenced there, other then such only where the Queenes Majestie shal be Partie, the Partie Plaintiffe or Defendant, against whom any such Judgement shal be given, may at his Election sue forth out of the Court of Chauncerie, a special Writ of Error, to be devised in the said Court of Chauncerie, directed to the Chiefe Justice of the said Court of the Kings Bench for the time being, commanding him to canse the said Record and all thinges conceminge the said Judgement, to be brought before the Justices of the Common Bench and the Barrons of Theschequer, into Theschequer Chamber, there to be examined by the said Justices of the Commoun Bench & Barrons aforesaid; which said Justices of the Common Bench [of1] such Barons of Theschequer as are of the Degree of the Coyfe, or Sixe of them at the least, by vertue of this present Acte, shall thereupon have full Power and Authoritie to examine all such Errors as shall be assigned or found in or upon any such Judgement; and thereupon to reverse or affirme the said Judgement as the Law shall require, other then for Errors to be assigned or founde for or conceminge the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Kings Bench, or for any want of forme in any Writt Retume Plaint Bill Declaration or other Pleading Processe Verdict or Procedinge whatsoever: And that after that the said Judgement shall be affirmed or reversed, the said Record, and all thinges concerning the same, shall be removed and brought backe into the said Court of the Kinges Bench, that such further Preceding may be thereupon aswell for execution as otherwise as shall apperteyne.

And be it further enacted, That such Reversall or Affirmacion of any such former Judgement, shall not be so finall but that the partie who findeth him greived therewith, shall and may sue in the High Court of Parliament for the further and due examination of the said Judgement in such sorte as is nowe used upon erroneous Judgements in the saide Courte of Kinges Bench.

1 write 0 : Dup. 1 the 0 : Dup. 1 and 0: Dup.

r

A.n\584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 9.

715

i

r

it

ii

ir

Pn

di

Cl

la

P*

ki

m

EB

la

Ik

I*

IR

ai

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for Reformacion of Errors in Fynes and Recoveries in the xij Shieres of Wales, Towne and Countie of Haverforde West, with the Counties Palentine.

WHEREAS in the Parliament by Prorogation holden at Westminster in the xxiij yeere of her Majesties Raigne that nowe is, [On1 ] good and beneficial! Statute was made and ordeyned for the appeasinge of Suites, the avoyding of false Practises Deceites Devices and Misdemeanors, and for helping of Negligences and Misprisions of Clarkes and Officers, dangerous to Assurances of Mens Landes and Hereditamentes, entituled An Acte for the Reformation of Errours in Fynes and Recoveries; Forasmuch as the saide Statute, or sundrie good and necessarie Clauses and Partes thereof, doth not extend to Fines and Recoviries levied had and suffered in the xij Shires of Wales, that is to saye, Glamorgan Brecknocke Radnor Carmerthen Pembroke Cardigan Mountgotnerie Denbigh Flint Carnarvon Anglesey and Merionneth, the Towne and Countie of Haverfordwest, and the Counties Palantines of Chester Lancaster and Duresme: Bee it therefore enacted by our Soveraigne Laidie the Queenes most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this presente Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same. That everie Writ of Covenant, and other Writ whereupon any Fine heretofore hath bene levied or hereafter shalbe levied, the Returne therof, the Writ of Dedimus potestatem made for the acknowledging of any of the same Fines, the Returne thereof, the Concorde Note and Foote of everie such Fine, the Proclamacions made thereupon, and the Kings Silver, And also everie originall Writ of Entrye in the Post, or other Writ whereupon any common Recoverie hath bene suffered or heareafter shall be suffered or passed, the Writs of Summons Ad Warrantizandum, the Returnes of the saide Originals and Writts of Summons Ad Warrantizandum, and everie Warrant of Attoumey had or to bee had, aswell of everie Demandand and Tenant as [Vouche1], extant and remayning, or that shalbe extant and in beinge, in the Courts of Assises or Great Sessions within the said xij Shires of Wales, Towne and Countie of Haverfordwest, and Counties Palantines, or in the Custodie of the Officers to whome the Charge of keping thereof doth apperteine, may upon the Request or Election of any person or persons be inrolled in Rolles of Parchment, by such persons and for such Considerations as hereafter in this Acte shalbe mentioned ; And that the Inrollments of the same or any parte thereof, shalbe of as good force and validitie in Lawe to all intents respects and purposes, for so much of any of them so inrolled, as the same beinge extant and remayning were or ought by Lawe to be.

St. 23 Elis. c. j. for Amendment of Fine*, Jtc. not extending to Wale*, Clieiter, Lancaiter, or Durham;

Writ* of Covenant and all Proceeding) in levying Fine*, and Writ* of Entry and all Proceeding* in tuffering Recoverie*, in the Auize* or Great Seition* in Wale*, Haverfordwest, and the Countie* Palatine, may be inrolled.

Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no Fine, Proclamations upon Fines, or common Recoverie, heretofore had levied suffered or passed, or hereafter to be had levied suffered or passed, in any of the said xij Shires of Wales, Towne and Countie of Haverfordwest, or Counties Palantine, shalbe reversed or reversable by any Write of Errour for false or incongrue Latine, rasure, enterlininge, misentring of any Warrant of Attoumey or of any Proclamation, misretourninge or not returning of the Sherife, or other want of forme in Wordes, and not in Matter of Substance.

II.

Such Fine* or Recoverie* shall not be reverted for fal*c Latin, or for Error* in Form.

Provided alwayes. That neither this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteined, shall barr or exclude any person or persons frome any Write of Error, which shalbe had taken or pursued within five yeeres next after the ende of this Session of this present Parliament, upon any Fine or Recoverie heretofore had or suffered in any of the Courts aforesaid; Nor from any Write of Errour which shalbe had taken or pursued, upon any Fine or Recoverie heretofore levied acknowledged or had in any of the Courts aforesaide within any of the said xij Shires of Wales or Towne and Countie of Haverforde West, which Fine or Recovery or any parte or parcell therof, nowe is or at any time before the first day of June which shalbe in the yere of our Lord God 1585, shalbe exemplified under the judiciall Seale of the saide Courtes, at or by the suite of any person that is or may be entituled to have or sue any Writ of Errour upon any the same Fines or Recoveries so heretofore passed; Nor from any Writ of Errour which which shalbe had taken or pursued, upon any Fine or Recoverie heretofore levied knowledged or had in any of the Courts aforesaid within any of the said Counties Palantine, which Fine or Recoverie, or any part or percell thereof nowe is or at any time before the said first day of June which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God 1585 shalbe exemplified under the Seale of the same Countie Palantine where the same Fine or Recoverie shalbe so livied knowledged or had, at or by the Suite of any person that is or may be entitled to have or sue any Write of Errour upon the same Fine or Recoverie so heretofore passed ; Nor to barre any Feme Coverte, or any person within the Age of xxj yeeres, or any person that is non compos mentis, in priso, or beyonde the Seas, of or from any Write of Errour to be had or prosecuted for the reversing of any Fine or Recoverie, heretofore passed levied or suffered in any of the said xij Shires of Wales Towne and Countie of Haverforde West or Counties Palantine, so that such Feme Coverte or her Heires within seven yeeres next after that she become sole, and such person within the age of xxj yeers or his Heires within seven yeeres next after he shall come and be of full Age of xxj yeres, and such person that is non compos mentis within seven yeeres next after he shall become of [sanae Memorise,1 ] and in default thereof the Heires of such person that is non compos mentis within seven yeeres next after the death of any such person beinge non compos mentis, And such person in prison or his Heires within seven yeeres next after the same person shalbe at libertie, and such person beyonde the Seas or his Heires within seven yeers next after the Returne of such person into this Realme of Englande or the deathe of the saide person, if hee

III.

Provi*o for Writ* of Error *urd, within certain Period*, on tuch Fine* or Recoverie* already levied or tuttered.

1 One 0 .• Dup.

- Vowchee O: Dup.

' sane memorye O Dup.

716

27° Eliz. c.9,

A.D. 1584-5

if hee shall before his Retume die in any forreine countrey, shall sue take and prosecute their Writtes of Errour, as their Causes shall severally require, for reversing of any the said Fines or Recoveries heretofore passed levied

or suiferede.

Proriio i7c»« of Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That if any person or persons shall, within AbitMMM of such the time and yeeres aforsaide, commense or sue his or their Writs of Errour for the reversing of any of the said Death of Parties. Fines or Recoveries heretofore passed, which Sute shall fortune to abate by the Death of any the parties to the same, that then it shall and may be lawfull for his and their Heres, at any tyme within one yeere next after the

saide seven yeeres expired, to have sue and take their Writ of Errour for the reversing of every such Fine

and Recovere; And if such Heire be an Infant within the Age of xxj yeeres, then within one yere next after the full Age of such Infant; Any Thing in this present Acte conteyned to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V.

Date of ererj And be it further enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That every person tha shall at any time

7uc°hWRne»ment heareafter take the knoledge of any Fine, or Warrant of Attoumey of any Tenant or Vowchee for suffering any or Warranti of Common Recoverie, to be levied knoledged passed or had within any of the said xij Shires of Wales, Towne and SSaJiSt «f Haverford We,. or Counties Palantine, or shall certifie them or any of them, shall with the Certificate of

certified with the the Concorde or Warrant of Attourney certifie also the day and yere wherein the same was acknowledged : And that

witMiTia Months. no Pers°n that taketh any such knoledge of any Fine or Warrant for any Recoverie, shalbe bounde or by any meanes

inforced to certifie any such knoledge or Warrant, except it be within one yere next after the saide knoledg taken ; And that no Clarke or Officer in any of the (') xij Shires of Wales, Towne and Countie of Haverforde West, or Counties Palantine, shall receive any Writ of Covenant or Writt of Entree, or any other Write whereupon any Fine or common Recoverie is heareafter to passe, unlesse the day of the knoledge of the same Fine and

Warrante shall appeare in or by such Certificate; upon paine that everie Clerke that shall receive any such Writte

Attornments upon shal forfaite for everie time that he shall so offende the summe of fourtie shillinges; And that no Attumeiment recorded, un"«» the >n or uP°n any such Fine in any of the Courtes aforesaid be entred upon Recorde, except the Parti mentioned to attourne therein first have appeared in the Court, in person or by Attourney warranted by the Handes of one of the Justices of the same Courte, upon a Write of Quid juris clamat, quern Redditum reddit, or per que servitia, as the cause requireth ; And that everie Entie of Attoumeyment heareafter to be made in any of the Courtes

aforesaide, wherein there shalbe no Apparance as aforesaide, shalbe utterly voide and of none effect, without any

Write of Errour or other meanes to be used for avoyding thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That there shalbe for ever an Office for the Inrollmentes aforesaid, in everie of the saide xij Shires of Walles, Towne and Countie of Haverforde West, and Counties Palantine, whiche shalbe and continue an Office for ever, called the Office of the Inrollementes of Fines and Recoveries; and that the Justices of the saide twelve Shires of Wales, Towne and Countie of Haverforde West, and Counties Palantine for the time being, that is to wit, everie of them within the Limites and Precincts of their severall Authorities and Commissions, shall have and take the Care and Charge of and for the Inrolements aforesaide, and shall have and enjoy the saide Office and the disposition thereof, and carefully se and looke to the execution thereof; And in consideration of their Charges Paine and Travale therein, shall have and take the summes of Money heareafter following and no more, that is to say; for the Inrolment and Examination of everie Fine and the partes thereof, vs. and for the Inrolment and Examination of everie Recoverie and the partes thereof, vs. and for everie Exemplification of thee Inrolment of everie Fine and the partes thereof, iij s. iiij d. and for everi Exemplificatione of the Inrolment of everie Recoverie and the partes thereof, iij s. iiij d. and for the searche of the Rowles for one yere, iiij d. and for the Copie of one Sheete of Paper conteyning fourteene lines, iiij d. And that the Justices of the said Courtes of Assises or Great Sessions for the time beeing within the said twelve Shires of Wales, Towne and Coutie of Haverforde West, and Counties Palatine, or any one of them within the severall Limittes and Precinctes of their said severall Commissions, shall examine the Inrolmente of everie such Fine and Recoverie and of the partes thereof, and after such Examination of the Inrolment of everie such Fine and Recoverie and of the partes thereof, shall immediately write his name that so examineth with his owne hande in the Rolle thereof; upon paine that the said Justices shall forfeite to our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majestie the s5me of Fortie Shillings for everye time that they or one of them shall make default of such Examination or writing of his or their Name as is aforesaide; And that it shall and may be lawfull for the sayd Justices or any of them for the time being, to take order in all things that shalbe convenient and needefull for the Inrolments aforesaide; And upon Examination in the said Courtes to assesse such Fine or Amerciament, upon any Clerke Sherife Deputie Attourney or any other Clerki for Neglect, persorl) for j,js an{j theire Misprision Contempt and Neglegence for not doing or misdoing in any thing of in or conceminge the said Fines or Recoveries, or any part of them or either of them, as by the said Justices for the time being or any one of them shalbe meete and conveniet; The saide Fine and Amerciament to be estreated amongst other Fines and Amerciaments of that Courte where such Offence or Misprision shalbe committed.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That the Exemplification of any such Inrollment of any Fine or Recoverie or of any parte thereof within any of the said twelve Shires of Wales, or the said Towne and Countie of Haverford West, under the Judiciall Sealle of the said Shire Towne or Contie where such Fine or Record. Recoverie was levied had or passed, and the Exemplification of any such Inrolmente of any Fine or Recoverie or

1 saide 0 t Dvp.

v-elz-v Original from

CjCK

vn.

Exemplifications such Inrollments

Party appears in

Court.

VI.

Office established for Inrollment of such Fines and Recoreries.

Fees upon such Inrollments.

Examination thereof by One of the Justices.

Courts may fine

jtp.1584-5

27° Exiz. c. 9, 10,

717

of any parte thereof within any of the said Counties Palatine, under the Seale of that Countie Palatine where such Fine or Recovere was levied had or passed, shalbe of as good force and validitie in the Lawe to all Intents Respects and Purposes, for such part and so much of any of them as shalbe so exemplified, as the verie original! Recorde itselfe, being extant and remaining, were or ought by Lawe to be.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That it shalbe lawfull for the Justices Clerkes, authorized by their Warrant in the said severall Offices and Places where the same Records or any of them doe or shall remaine, to write out or enroll the same Recordes and everi parte thereof; and that the said Recordes nor any of them for the writtinge out or makinge the Rolles thereof by the [Clerke1 ] of the said Justices shalbe brought or caried foorth of the said Offices or Places.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That none of the saide Fines or Recoveries aforesaid, heretofore levied passed or suffered, which shall be exemplified under any Judicial! Seale of any of the saide Shires of Wales, or Towne or Countie of Harverford West, or under the Seale of any of the saide Counties Palatine, according to the forme of this Acte, shall after such Exemplifications had, be in any wise ameded.

(’) Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any thing therein conteined, shall not in any wise extende to the prejudice of the Heires of Sir Edward Gray Knight Lord Powys deceased, or of Sir Edward Herbert Knight or his Heires or Assignes, Henrie Vemon or John Vernon Esquires or their Heires or Assignes, for or concerning any Fine levied or Recoverie suffered by or against the saide Lord Powys, of any Baronies Honours Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments in the Countie of Mountgomerie, or any Exemplification thereof, or for or concerninge any Writ of Error brought or to be brought for the reversing of any such Fine or Recoverie; but that they and everie of them shall have and enjoy the same Right Title Benefite and Advantage to all Intentes and Purposes as if this Act had never bene had or made.

And forasmuch as upon great Examination it appeareth that divers Fines and Recoveries have bene heretofore levied and suffered, of divers Castels Mannors Mesuages Landes Tenements and Hereditaments which somtymes were the Inheritance of George somtyme Erie of Kente, Great Graundfather to Henry nowe Earle of Kent, in Use Possession Reversion or Remainder, whereunto the saide nowe Earle of Kent pretendeth Title in Use Possession Reversion or Remainder, which if they bee erronious, as is pretended, doe much varie from the generali Cause and Mischiefe for which this Statute meaneth to provide: Be it therefore inacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That neither this Statute nor any Thing therin conteined shall extende to take away any Writ of Errour, whereunto any person or persons is nowe or hereafter shalbe lawfully intitulede to have for the reversing of the said Fines and Recoveries, or any of them, heretofore levied or suffered of any of the saide Castels Mannours Mesuages Lands Tenementes or Hereditainentes, which late were any parte or percell of the Inheritaunce of the saide George sometime Earle of Kente in Use Possession Reversion or Remainder; Any Thing in this Statute conteined to the contrarie in any wyse notwithstanding.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the Continuaunce of a former Statute entituled An Act to redresse Disorders in edraon Informers upon penall Statutes, made in the xviij yere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne.

WHERE in the Parliament holden at Westminster the Eyght Day of Februarie in the xviij yere of the Raigne of our most gratious Soveraigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth, there was amongst others an Acte made entituled, An Acte to redresse Disorders in Common Informers upon penall Lawes, which Acte is to continue in force and effecte, but unto the ende of this Session of this presente Parliament : Forasmuch as the saide Acte is founde by Experience since the makinge of the same Acte to be very necessarie beneficiall and expedient for the Commonwealth, Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliamente, That the same Acte above remembred, and al and every the Branches Clauses and Provisions in the same conteined, shall remaine continue and be from hencefoorth in full force and effecte for ever.

1 Clark? 0. * The Two following Clauses are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

8 U

VH. Writing and preserving the Records in the several Offices.

VIII.

No Fine, ire. shall be amended after Exemplification.

IX.

Proviso for Fines and Recoveries by Lord Powis, and Writs of Error thereon.

X.

Proviso for Writs of Error on Fines and Recoveries by George late Earl of Kent.

St. 18 Eliz. c. J. made perpetual.

718

27° Eliz. c.ll

A.D.\584f5

Recital of Suts.

*i H.VIII. c.ia. Cablet and Ropes;

14 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlings j

3 & 4E.VI. c. 19. Rother Beasts j

c.ii. Butter, See.

1 Eliz. c. 17.

Fry of Fish;

5 Eliz. c. 3. Tillage;

c. 7. Importation of foreign Wares; c.9. Perjury}

c. 3. Maintenance of the Nary.

8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowyers

13 Eliz.

c. j. fraudulent

Conveyances;

c. 30. Leases of Benefices

c. 31. Purveyance

c. 8. Usury

14 Eliz. c. II. continuing and amending Act

5 Eliz. c. 13. continuing lijP.HiM. c.8. Highways;

14 Eliz. c. 5. Relief of Poor:

18 Eliz. c. 3. Employment of the Poor;

3. H.VIII. c. 13. revived, and with all the other recited Acts, continued.

U.

Proviso for Importation of Pint.

III.

j Eliz. c. J. 11. as to eating Fish, repealed.

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for the revivynge continuaunce explanation and perfectinge of divers Statutf.

■XT'THERE in the first Session of Parliament begune in the Citie of London the thirde day of November in V v the xxj yeere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord of famous Memorie Kinge Henry the Eight, and from thence adjourned and proroged to the Pallace of Westminster, an Acte or Statute was made intituled An Acte for the true making of Cables Halsers and Ropes : And where in the Parliament holden upon prorogation at Westminster the iiij day of Februarie in the xxiiij yeere of the Reigne of the said Kinge, one other Acte was then and there made intituled An Acte against kyllinge of younge Beastes called Weanelinges: And where in the Session of Parliament ended at Westminster the first day of Fabruary in the iiij yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord Kinge Edwarde the Sixt, one Acte was made coceming the buyinge and selling of Rother Beastes and [Cattellf' ] : And also one other Acte was then and there likewise made, intituled An Acte for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese : And where also in the Parliament begune at Westminster the xxiij day of Januarye in the first yeere of the Reigne of thee Queenes Majestie that nowe is, and ther continued by Prorogation untill the Disolution thereof, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for Preservation of Spawne and Frye of Fish : And where also in the first Session of the Parliament holden at Westminster the xij day of Januarie in the fifth yeere of her Highnesse Reigne, one Act was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the Maintenance and Encrease of Tillage : And one other Acte was then and there likewise mad, intituled An Acte for the avoyding of divers forraine Wares [mad*] by Handicraftes men beyond the Seas: And one other Acte for the Punishment of such persons as shoulde procure or committ any wilful! Perjurie: And one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Act touching certaine politique Constitutions made for the Maintenance of the Navie : And where also in the last Session of the Parliament holden by Prorogation at Westminster, the last day of September in viij yeere of her Majesties Reigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for [Bowyer3 ] and the prices of Bowes: And where also in the Parliament begune & holden at Westminster the second day of Aprill in the xiij yere of her Majesties Reigne, one Acte was then and there made for the avoyding and abolishing of fayned covenous and fraudulent Feoffementes Giftes Grantes Alienations Bandes Suites Judgementes and Executions, intituled An Acte against fraudulent Deedes Giftes Grauntes Alienatios, &c. And where also in the said Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the said secounde day of Aprill, there was also one othere Act and Statute made for the avoyding of some Leases in certaine Cases to bee made of Ecclesiasticall Promosions with Cure, intituled An Acte touching Leases of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Livinges with Cure : & where also there was one other Acte and Statute made in the saide Parliament begune ad holden at Westminster the saide secounde day of Aprill in the said xiij yeere, intituled An Acte that Purveyours may take Graine Come or Victuals within five Miles of Cambridge and Oxeforde in certaine Cases: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte against Usurie: And where in the Parliament holden at Westminster the Eight Day of May in the xiiij yeere of her Highnesse Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the continuation explanation perfiting and inlarging of divers Statutes: And where also in the first Session of the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the xij day of Januarie in the v yere of her Highnesse Raigne, and from thence continued by Prorogation untill the Dissolution thereof, there was one other Acte made for the reviving of a Statute of Secundo & Tertio Philippi & Marie, for the amending of High wayes : And where also in the first Session of (4) Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Eight Day of May in the xiiij yeere of the Queenes Highnesse Raigne that nowe is, and from thence continued by Prorogation till the Disolution thereof, their was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the punishment ofVagabondes and for the Releife of the Poore and Impotent: And where in the Parliament holden at Westminster aforesaid in the xviij yeere of her Majesties Raigne, ther was one other Acte [mad,3] intituled An Acte for the sednge of the Poore on worke, and for the avoyding of Idlenesse: Forasmuch as all the same severall Actes and Statutes, and everie of them do seme good beneficiall and nedefull to the Weale and Profit of this Realme, Be it therefore enacted by the Queenes most excellent Majestie, with the Assent [of the Assent3 J of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoride of the same, That the foresaide Acte made in the said xxj yeere of Kinge Henrie the Eight, shalbe from the Feast of Pentecost next ensuing revived and stand in full Strength and Force; And that aswell the same Statute as all the Residue of the foresaide severall Statutes and Actes before recited, and everie of them, and all and everye Article Clause and Sentence in them and everye of them conteyned, and also all and everie the Additions Alterations and Explanations of the saide Statutes, not heretofore or by any other Acte in this present Session of Parliament repealed or altered, shalbe continued and endure in full force and effect during the time hereafter mentioned.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawfull to all and everie the Queenes Majesties Subjectes to bring into this Realme all and all manner of Pinnes made beyonde the Seas; Any Acte or Statute to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it likewise enacted, That so much and such part and partes of the Statute only, made in the saide fifth yeere of the Queenes Majesties Raigne that nowe is, intituled An Acte touching certaine Politique Constitutions [mad* 'J for the Maintenance of the Navie, as conceme the eatinge of Fish or restraine the eating of Flesh or

' cattell 0: Dup. ‘made Os Dup. ‘Bowyer* 0; Dup.

4 the 0: Dup. * An erroneous Repetition on the Roll. 0 .* Dup. omit.

j.P.\58«.

27° Euz. c.ll, 12.

719

I

I t

II

b

Jk

n

K

Ca

it

hi

m

n

prohibiting the sufferinge of any Flesh to be eaten, uppon any Wednesday not being before the makinge of the saide Statute by the Lawes of this Realme used as a Fish Day, and everye Matter Clause Article and Penaltie in the saide Statute conteyned conceminge the same, shall so farre forth only as they conceme the same from henceforth be repealed ceasse and be utterlie voyde; in any thinge in the said Statute contayned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And for the better incouragement of Fishermen to go to the Seas and to bestowe their time and travaile in Fishing; Be it enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That from hencefoorth it shall and may be lawfull to and for everie the Queenes Highnesse Subjects to utter and sell all maner of Sea Fish upon any Flesh Daye in the Weeke, other then the Sundays, in everie Citie Borough Towne Corporat or Market Towne whatsoever within this Realme; Any Priviledge Charter or Prescription to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And to the intent that the Fridayes Saterdayes, and Dayes appointed by former Lawes to be Fish Dayes, may the better be observed for the utterance and expense of Fish and for the sparing of Flesh ; Be it enacted, That from the Feast of Pentecost next ensuinge, no Inholder Taverner Alehouse Keeper Common Vitteler Common Coke or Common Table Keper shall utter or put to sale, or cause to be uttered or put to sale, upon the saide Dayes, not being Christmas Day, or upon any Day in the time of Lent, any kinde of flesh Victuals, except it be to such person and persons, resorting to his or their saide House or Houses, as have or shall have lawfull license to eate the same, accordinge to the tenor and true meaning of the saide Statute made in the saide fifth yeere of the Reigne of the Queenes Highnesse that nowe is; upon paine of forfaiture of five poundes, and shall also suffer ten dayes imprisonment without Baile Mainprise or Remover for everie time so offendinge, one third part thereof to be to the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, one other thirde parte thereof to the Lord or Lordes of the Leete for the time beinge where such Offence shalbe committed, and the other thirde parte thereof to him or them that will sue for the

same in any of her Majesties Courtes of Record, by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Information, in which no Essoine

Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed; And the saide Offence and Offences by vertue of this Statute shalbe inquired of heard and determined in maner and forme as is expressed for the Offences conteyned in the saide Statute made in the saide fist yeere of her Majesties said Reigne: Savinge alwayes unto the Cinque Portes and to the Towne of Great Yarmouth, all such lawfull Liberties as they now have by reason of any former Act of Parliament or Charter touching the free Fayre yeerely to be holden at the said Towne of Greate Yarmouth.

Provided alwayes. That no person or persons shalbe sued vexed or trobled, for any Offence or Offences contrary

to the Statute or Statutes nowe continued for and concerning Tillage, unlesse the Information Action or Suite bee or shall be brought for the punishment of such Offence or Offences within two yeeres next after the Sute or Action or Title of Action or Sute shalbe devolved or accrewed to the person or persons that shall soe sue or informe against the Offender or Offenders: And that everie Information upon any the saide Statutes ot Tillage to be exhibited for the Queenes Majestie her Heirs and Successors onely, shalbe brought within five yeeres after the Acdon or Information accrue to her Highnesse her Heires or Successors.

This Acte to continue till the ende of the next Parliament nowe next insuing.

IV.

Fish may be told on Flesh Days.

V.

Penalty on Tavern-keepers selling Victuals on Fish Days, a£j.

Saving for the Cinque Ports and Yarmouth.

VI. Limitation of Prosecution on Stat. y Eliz. c. a. Tillage.

VII.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the swearinge of Under Sherifes and other Under Officers and Mynisters.

FORASMUCH as grievous Complaintes are many tymes made of the Misdemeanour and evill Behaviour of Under Sherifes, who oftentymes having to them committed by the High Sheriffe the whole or parte of the exercising and executing of the Office of the High Sheriffe, and not taking any Corporal Othe as the High Sheriffe doth for the executing and discharging of the same Office, doe therefore dailye and most injuriously through Corruption and Affection impanell Jurours, for the Queenes Majestie and betwixt Partie and Partie, to the greate losse damag and hinderance of divers her Majesties lovinge Subjectes of this Realme: Foe Reformation whereof, Be it enacted by the authoritie of this Parliament, That all and everie person and persons that, from and after the laste day of the Session of this present Parliament, shall be admited to or take upon him the execution of the Office of an Under Sheriffe in any Shire or Countie within this Realme of Englande, before he entermeddle with the use or exercise of the saide Office, shall receive and take a Corporall Othe upon the Holy Evangelistes, before the Justices of Assise or [on1 J of them, of the same Circuite wherein that Countie is whereof he shall be Under Sheriffe, or before the Custos Rotulorum, or two Justices of the Peace whereof one to be of the Quorum, of the saide Countie whereof he shall be Under Sheriffe as aforesaide, for and concerning the Supremacie, in such manner and fourme as that Othe is expressed and declared in one Acte of Parliamente made and ordeyned in the first yeere of the Raigne of our saide Soveraigne Ladie the Queenes Majestie; together with which Othe he shall in like sorte, before the same person or persons, receive and take [on1 ] other Corporall Othe as followeth ; (that is to say):—I A. B. shall not use or exercise the office of Under Sheriffe corruptly during the iyme that I shall remaine therein, neither shall or will accept receive or take by any Colour Meanes or Devise whatsoever, or consent to the taking of, any maner of Fee or Rewarde of any person or persons, for the impanelling or returning of any Inquest Jurie or Tales in any Court of Recorde for the

Misconduct of Under Sheriffs not being aworn

All Under Sheriffs shall, before acting, take Oath of Supremacy required by Stat.

I Eliz. c. I. § 9.

and also the Oath of Office hereby prescribed.

1 one 0.

720

27° Eliz. c. 12, 13

A.D. 1584-5.

Queene, or betwixt partie and partie, above Two shillinges or the vallue thereof, or such Fees as are alowed and appoynted for the same by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, but will according to my power trewly and indefferently with convenient speede impanell all Jurors and retume all such Writte or Writtes touching the same as shall appertaine to be done by my Deutie or Office, duringe the tyme that I shall remaine in the saide Office: Soe helpe me God. And likewise be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that this Acte shalbe a sufficient Warrante to the persoons appoynted by this Act to minister the Oth aforesaide, for the ministring thereof accordingly.

Exiiting11 And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That everi Under Sherife, that is alrcadi chosen and

h* shall appointed, for the execusion of the said Office of Under Shereffe for the yeere or time begune of or upon the last change of Shiriffes, shall within sortie dayes next ensuinge the Session of this present Parliament, receive and take the Othes mentioned in this Acte, before such person or persons as by this Acte is or are limitted and apoynted to minister the same.

III.

Bailiffs of Liberties, Clerks, &c. authorized to impanel Juries, shall be sworn in like Manner:

Penalty, 40I.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That every Bailife of Francheis, Deputie and Clarke of everie Sherif and Under Sheriffe, and every other person and persons, which after fourtie dayes after the end of this Session of Parliament shall have authoritie to take upon him to empanall or returne any Inquest Jurie or Tales, or to entermeddle with execution of Processe in any Court of Record, shall before he or they intermeddle with any further execution thereof, receive and take the Othes aforsaide corporally, before the person or persons appointed by this Acte to minister the same, or before the Head Officer of the Place, if it be a Towne Corporat, changeing only the Wordes, the Office of Under Sheriffe, contained in the Othe expressed in this Acte, to such Wordes as are convenient for the Deputation Office or Place in which the partie which taketh the Othe is to be exercised in; And if any the said persons limitted to take the Othe aforesaid, do take upon him to impanall or retume any Inquest Jurie or Tales, or to intermeddle with the execution of Processe, not having before taken the Othes aforesaid, that then every such person shall lose and forfait the summe of xl. poundes of currante Engelish Money; the one Moitie to be to the use of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queene, the other moytye to him or them that will sue for the same.

IV.

Penalty on Sheriffs, See. transgressing this Act, Treble Damages to Parties grieved.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if anye Under Sheriffe or other person mentioned in this Acte, or any of them, at any time and times from and after fourtie dayes next ensuinge the last day of this present Session of Parliament, shall doe or committe any Acte or Actes contrari to the Othes aforesaide, or either of them, or contrari to the true entent and meaninge of this Acte, that thein everie such person so offending shall forefaite and lose for everie such Offence to the partie or parties grieved his or their Treble Dammages ; All which severall Forfeitures before mentioned shall or may, by the authoritie of this present Acte, be recovered had and levied by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Information in any of the Queenes Majesties Courtes of Recorde, in which Actions Suites Plaintes or Informations no Wager of Lawe Essoyne or Protection shall be allowed.

V.

Justices of Assize, &c. m*y determine Offences.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the Justices of Assise and Justices of Peace in there Open Sessions, shall have full Power, within the Limittes of their Authoritie, to heare and determine the Defaultes done contrary to this Acte, as well by Presentment and Information as Indittement; And upon Convictione of the Offendours to award Executione for the levie of the Forfeitures aforesaide by Firie Facias or by Attachement Capias or Exigendum.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for the followinge of Huye and Crye.

Recital of Statutes Wynton, 13 Ed. I. stat. 2. cc. 1, 2.; 28 Ed. III. c. 11. as to Hue and Cry and Insufficiencies thereof.

WHEREAS by two aundent Statutes, the one made in the Parliament holden at Winchester in the therteeneth yeere of the Rdgne of Kinge Edwarde the First, and the other in the eight and twentieth yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Edwarde the Thirde, it was for the better [expressing'] of Roberies and Felonies amongst other thinges enacted to this Effecte; That if the Countrey do not answere for the Bodies of suche Malefactors, that then the paine should be such, That is to wit, That the people dwellinge in the Countrey shalbe answerable for the Robberies done and the Dammages; so that the whole Hundered where the Robberie shalbe done, with the Franchises which are within the Precincte of the same Hundered, shall answer the Robberies done: And if the Robberie chaunce to be donne in the Devision of two Hundereds, that then both the Hundreds together, with the Franchises within the Precinct of them, shalbe answerable ; as in the saide two severall Statutes it doth more at lardg appeare: Forasmuch as the saide partes of the saide severall Statutes being of late dayes more commonly put in Execution then heretofore they have beene, are founde by Experience to be verie harde and extreeme to many of the Queenes Majesties good Subjectes, because by the same Statute they doe remaine charged with the penalties therein contained, notwithstanding ther unhabilitie to satisfie the same, and though they doe as muche as in reason might be required in pursuinge such Malefactours and Offendours, whereby both lardge scope of negligence is given to the Inhabitaunts and Resiaunts in other Hundreds and Counties not to prosecute the Huie and Crie made followed and brought unto them, by reason they are not chargeable for any portion of the Goodes robbed, nor with any Dammages in that behalfe geven ; and also great incoragement and [enbolding *j] is likewise given unto the Offendors to commite dayly more Fellonies and

1 repressing 0 .■ Dup.

• ymboldenyng 0: Dup.

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 13.

721

ik

b

kf

ik

If

:fc

it

ha*

i#

a»

la*

<?•

F*

Inhabitants of Hundrcda, where fresh Suit shall not be made on Hue and Cry, shall answer Half the Damages, to be recovered by Action in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace.

II.

Death, fcc. of Clerk of the Peace shall not abate

such Suit.

Robberies, as seeinge it in maner impossible for the Inhabitants and Resiants of the saide Hundrede and Fraunches wherein the Robberie is committed, to apprehend them, without the aide of the other Hundreds and Counties adjoyning;

And for that also the partie robbed, having Remedie by the aforesaid Statutes for the recovering of his Goodes robbed and Dammages against the Inhabitantes and Resiantes of the Hundered wherein the Robberie was committed, is many tymes negligent and careles in prosecuting and pursuing the saide Malefactors and Offenders: Our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majestie, not willing therefore that her people should be impoverished by any such paine or penaltie which should be hard or grievous to them, and having speciall Regarde to abate the power of Felons and to represse Felonies, doeth for Remedy hereof, with the Consent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same Parliament, establish and enact. That the Inhabitauntes and Resiants of everie or any such Hundred (with the Franchises within the Precinct thereof) wherein Negligence Fault or Defecte of Pursuite and freshe Suite, after Huy and Crie made, shall happen to be from and after Fortie Dayes next after the ende of this present Session of Parliament, shall answere and satisfie the one moitie or halfe of all and everie such summe & summes of Mony and Dammages as shall, by force or vertue of the saide Statutes or either of them, be recovered or hade against or of the said Hundred, with the Franchises therein, in which any Robberie or Fellonie shall at any tyme hereafter be commited or done: And that the same moytie shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of the Queenes Majesties Courtes of Recorde at Westminster, by and in the Name of the Clarke of the Peace for the tyme being of or in everie such Countie within this Realme where any such Robberie and Recoverie by the Partie or Parties robbed shalbe, without naming the Christian Name or Surname of the saide Clarke of the Peace; which moitie so recovered shalbe to the onely use and behoofe of the Inhabitants of the saide Hundred where any such Robberie or Fellonie shall be committed or done.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Clarke of the Peace, of or in any Countie within this Realme, shall at any time hereafter commence or preferre any such Suyte Action or Information, and shall after [them'] same so sued commenced or prefered, happen to die or to be remooved out of his Office, before Recoverie and Execution had, that yet no such Action Suyte Bill Plaint or Information, sued commenced or preferred, shall by such displacing or Death be abated discontinued or ended; but that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Clerke of the Peace next succeeding in the said Countie to prosecute pursue and followe all and everie such Action Bill Plainte Sute and Information, for the Causes aforesaide so hanging and depending, in such maner and forme and to all Intentes and Purposes as that Clarke of Peace might have done which first commenced or preferred the said Sute Bill Plaint or Information.

And although the whole Hundered where such Robberies and Fellonies are committed, with the Liberties within the Precincte thereof, are by the saide two former Statutes charged with the answering to the Partie robbed his Damages; yet neverthelesse the Recoverie and Execution, by and for the Partie or Parties robbed, is had against one or a verie fewe persons of the saide Inhabitantes, and he and they so charged have not heretofore by Lawe had any meane or way to have any Contribution of or from the Residue of the saide Hundred where the saide Robberie is committed, to the greate Impoverishment of them against whome such Recoverie or Execution is had: For Remedie whereof Be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That after Execution of Damages by the Partie or Parties so robbed had, it shall and may be lawfull (upon complainte made by the Partie or Parties soe charged) to and for two Justices of the Peace (whereof one to be of the Quorum,) of the same Countie, inhabiting within the saide Hundered or neare unto the same where any such Execution shall be had, to assesse and taxe ratebly and proportionably accordinge to their Discretions all and even the Townes Parishes Villages and Hamlets, aswell of the said Hundred where any such Robberie shall be committed as of the Liberties within the said Hundred, to and towardes an equall contribution to be had and made for the Releife of the said Inhabitant or Inhabitants, against whome the Partie or Parteis robbed before that time had his or their Executione : And that after such taxation made, the Constables Constable Hedboroughes or Hedborough of everie such Towne Parish Village and Hamlet, shall by vertue of this present Acte have full Power and Authoritie, within their severall Limittes, ratably and proportionably to taxe and assesse according to their Abilities everie Inhabitant and Dweller in everie such Towne Parish Villag and Hatnlet for and towards the paiment of such Taxation and Assessment as shalbe so made upon every such Towne Parish Village and Hamlet as aforsaide by the saide Justices ; And that if any Inhabitant of any such Towne Parish Village or Hamlet shall obstinatly refuse and denie to pay the said Taxation and Assessement, so by the said Constables Constable Hedboroughes or Hedborough taxed and assessed, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the saide Constables and Hedboroughes and everie of them within their severall Limittes and Jurisdictions, to distreine all and everie person and persons so refusinge and denienge, by his or their Goodes and Chattells, and the same Destresse to sell and the Mony thereof comminge to retaine to the use aforesaid ; And if the Goodes or Chatels so distreined and sold shalbe of more Vallue then the said Taxation shall come unto, that then the Residue of thee saide Mony, over and above the saide Taxation, shalbe delivered unto the saide person or persons so distrained.

And be it further enacted, That all and everie the said Constables and Hedboroughes, after that they have within Con,ubI|^'||ul| their severall Limittes [or1] Jurisdictions levied and collectede there saide Rates and summes of Mony so taxed, shall within pay Money to ten dayes after such Collection, paie and deliver the same over unto the said Justices of Peace, or one of them, to the th^pai^o^to Use and Behoofe of the said Inhabitant or Inhabitantes for whom such Rate Taxation and Assessement shall be had or the Party to be made as aforesaide; which Mony so paied shall by the Justices or Justice so receiving the same be delivered over rcimburw<i-(upon request made) unto the saide Inhabitant or Inhabitantes to whose use the same was collected.

III.

For reimbursing the Party actually paying such Damages;

Justices shall make Rates of Contribution on the several Towns, Parishes, Sec. in the Hundred, which shall be assessed in each Place by the Constables, and levied on the Inhabitants by Distress.

1 the 0. Dup.

" & 0. Dup.

3 X

722

27° Eliz. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1584-5.

v.

Like Ratet in erery Hundred chargeable under thii Act.

VI.

Where One of Two or more Offenders is apprehended, no Penalty shall be incurred by the Hundred.

VII.

Suits by Parties robbed shall be brought within one Year.

VIII.

Hue and Cry shall be by Horsemen and Footmen.

IX.

Party robbed shall gire Notice at the nearest Town, &c. and shall be examined by a Justice as to his Knowledge of the Robbers, and bound to prosecute.

St.2,3 E.VI. c.io. for making Malt;

Revived and continued for Three Years, 8tc.

And be it further enacted by the autoride aforesaid, That the like Taxation Assessement levying by Distresse and Paiment as aforesaide shalbe hade and done, within every Hundred where Default or Negligence of Pursuite and fresh Sute shalbe, for and to the Benefite of all and everie Inhabitant and Inhabitants of the same Hundrede where such Default shall be, that shall at any rime heareafter by vertue of this present Acte have any Damages or Mony levied of them, for or to the Paiment of the one Moytie or Halfe of the Mony recovered against the said Hundred where any Robberie shall be hearafter committed.

Provided also and be it further enacted by the authoririe aforesaide, That where any Robberie is or shall be herafter committed by two or a greater nomber of Malefactours, and that it hapen any one of the saide Offenders to be apprehended, by pursuite to be made accordinge to the saide former mentioned Lawes and Statutes or accordinge to this present Acte, that then and in such case no Hundred or Franchise shall in any wise incurre or fall into the Penalrie Lose or Forfeiture mentioned either in this present Acte or in any the saide former Statutes, although the Residue of the said Malefactours shall happen to escape, and (*) to be apprehended; Any Thinge in this Statute, or in the said former Statutes to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also, That no person or persons hereafter robbed shall take any Benifite by vertue of any the said former Statutes, to charge any Hundred where any Robberie shalbe committed, except hee or they so robbed shall commence his or their Suite or Accion within one yeere next after such Robberie so to be committed.

And be it further enacted by the authoririe aforesaide, That no Hue or Crie or Pursuite, hereafter to be donne or made by the Countrey or Inhabitantes of any Hundred, shall be allowed and taken to be a lawfull Huie and Crie or Pursuite upon or after any the said Fellons or Offendors, except the same Huie and Crie and Pursuite be done and made by Horsemen and Footmen ; Any Usage or Custome to the cotrarie notwithstanding.

And be it further also enacted by the authoririe of this presente Parliament, That no person or persons that shall hereafter happen to be robbed, shall have or maintaine any Action, or take any Benefite by vertue of the saide Two mentioned Statutes, or either of them, except the saide person and persons so robbed shall, with as much convenient speede as may be, give Notice and Intelligence of the saide Fellonie or Robberie so committed, unto some of the Inhabitants of some Towne Village or Hamlet neare unto the Place where any such Robberie shall be committed; nor shall bring or have any Action, upon or by vertue of any the Statutes aforesaid, except he or they shall first within xx dayes next before such Action to be brought, be examined upon his or their corporall Othe, to be taken before some [[on1] Justice of the Peace of the Countie where the Robberie was committed, inhabiting within the same Hundered where the Robberie was committed or neere unto the same, whether he or they doe knowe the Parries that committed the said Robberie or any of them; And if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they d :>e knowe the Parties that committed the said Robberie or any of them, that then hee or they so confessing shall, before Die said Action be commenced or brought, enter into sufficient Bond by Recognisance, before the saide Justice before whome the saide Examination is had, effectually to prosecute the same person and persons so knowen to have committed the saide Robberie, by Inditement or otherwyse, according to the due course of the Lawes of this Realme.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for revivynge of a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte.

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden at Westminster upon Prorogation the fourth day of November in the Secound Yeere of the Reigne of the late King of most famous Memorie King Edwarde the Sixt, most deare Brother to our Soveraigne Ladie the Queenes Majesrie that nowe is, there was amongst other Thinges one good and necessarie Acte of Parliament made and established, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Mault; which saide Statute was after discontinued, and so resteth and remaineth as yet, albeit in trueth during the continuance thereof the same did much good to the Comonwealth and so would it doe still if the same might be revived and stande in force as heretofore it hath done: In consideration whereof may it please her Highnesse, with the Consent of the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and the Commons in this preasent Parliament assembled, and by the authoririe of the same, That it may be enacted, That the saide former Acte and Statute above mentioned, and everie Branch Article and Proviso therein conteined, shalbe revived, and from henceeforth continue stande and endure in force and strength to all Intents Constructions and Purposes, and shall be observed and kept in all Thinges accordinge to the Tenor Effect and true Meaninge of the same; This Acte to continue for the time of Three Yeeres nowe next following, after the ende of this present Session of Parliament; and after the ende of the said Thre Yeeres, then to the End of the Parliament then next after following.

not 0. Dup.

• one 0. Dup.

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 15, 16.

723

V

CHAPTER XV.

St An Act for the bringinge in of Staple Fishe and Hearings into this Realme.

u

Ik

M

U

k

t

t

i

Ik

Bt

Bh

tti

«■

ka

WHEREAS divers Townes situate upon the Sea Coast3 in the Couties of Norfolke and Suffolk being Townes mainteined by fishinge, and have transported and brought very many Herringes and much Fish to the Citie of Yorke, to Boston Grimesbie and Kingeston upon Hull, and divers other Townes upon the North Coast of this Realme, whereby the North Countrey hath bene well served and at reasonable prices, till of late time that the said Coastmen of Suffolke and Norfolke and others weare set at libertie to transporte their Hearrings to what Realme or Kingdome they woulde, to sell at their pleasure without Subsidie or C.ustome paying to your Majestie; so that whereas they did yerely bringe to the Countie of York, and the said Citie of Yorke, to Boston Grimesbie and Kingston upon Hull, not Jesse then a thousande Lastes of White and Redde Herringes, withe greate quandtie of Salt Fishe, besides greate quandde of Fishe and Herrings they brought to divers Townes of the North Coast, wherewith Yorkeshiere Lyncolneshere Nottinghamshiere Derbieshier Cheshiere Lancashiere Cumberlande Westmerlande Northumberland and Bishopricke of Durham were well served with Herrings and Staple Fishe and at reasonable prices, and now they bringe none or a fewe; so that Herrings and Staple Fish is brought and growen to excessive prices, and wilbe greater, for that the saide Coastmen do shippe their reede Herrings to Sealande, & both Reed and White Herrings for Roane Nantes Rochell Burdeaulx and other Places in the Realme of Fraunce, and besides their transporting or shippinge a great nuber is shipped and transported by the Merchants for Portingale, and within the Straites of Marocko for Italie, so that the North partes of this Realme being farre from the Sea have greate scarcide of Fish and Herrings, and shall have greatter, unlese some present Remedie be had for the same: Therefore may it please your Majesde, that it may be enacted by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons of this present Parliament, That it may be lawful! for any of your Majesdes Subjects of this Realme, for servinge of the saide Counties and North parties, to bringe into this Realme from the partes beyonde the Seas, in English Shippes or Crayers beinge sailed by English Mariners with crosse Sailes, Herings Staple Fish and Linge Fish; painge your Majesde Custome or Subsidie for the same

Herringes and Staple Fish and Linge, (') to the Cide of Yorke the Townes of Boston Grimesbie Kingeston upon Hull

Newecastle Scarborough or to any Towne or Creeke in the North partes; [into any place, Fish*] be shipped from any those North partes into any Place of England South or Southwest frame Boston; Any Acte Statute or Proviso in any Acte heretofore made to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes. That this Act nor any thing herein conteyned, shall continue and bee in force for any longer tyme then for five yeares now next following, and so from thencefoorth unto the ende of the next Parliament frame thence then next following.

Provided alwayes. That this Statute nor any thing therein conteined, shall be prejudidall or in any manner of wyse hurtfull unto the Towne of Barwicke upon Tweede, nor to the Burgesses of the same Towne, nor to any of them, nor to theire Heires or Successors; but that they may lawfully use have enjoy and occupie all

and singuler such Franchises Liberties Usages and Customes as at any tyme heretofore they have or might have

done, in such Maner and Forme as if this Statute had never bene had or made ; Any Thing in the same Statute conteined to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Evils vising from Failure of Importation of Herrings into Yorkshire, ike.

Herringi, &c. may be imported by Subjects into York, Newcastle, &c. in certain Ships.

II.

Continuance of Act, J Years, &c.

III. Proviso for Berwick.

Ink

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act touchinge Artificers usinge the cutdnge of Leather.

i*

■f*

*9

e*

k*

i*

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden and kept at Westminster the xij day of Januarie in the fifth yeere of the Reigne of the Queenes most Excellent Majesde, amongst other thinges it was then enacted, that noe person or persons should or might, after the Feast of Pentecost then next to come, buy bargaine bespeake or take promise to have any tanned Leather not wrought and converted into made Wares, but onely such person and persons as would and should worke and convene the same Leather into made Wares, upon paine of forfature of the saide Leather so bought or the value thereof; Sithence the makinge of which saide Acte, divers Curriers and other persons, perceiving that by the said Statute there is noe sufficient meanes provided for the Restraint and Punishment of such persons as shall sell any Leather unwrought and not converted into made Wares, but the buyers onely, have gotten and by sundrie secret fraudulent Compacts Shiftes and Practizes, for their private lucre and unlawfull gaine, doe dayly get into their hands greate quantities of Leather, and the same doe sell againe unwrought and not converted into any made Wares at verie excessive prises, to the utter defrauding of the true intent and meaning of the saide Statute: For Reformation whereof, and to the ende the true intente of the saide Statute may be put in due Execution, to the benefit of the Common Wealth of (1) Realme: Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this

Penalties under St. 5 Eliz. c.8. § to upon Buyer* only of Leather univrought

1 Fishe 0. Dup.

* so as none of the saide Fishe 0. t)up.

> this 0. Dup.

724

27° Eliz. c. 16, 17.

A.D. 1584-5.

Penalty on Currien polling Leather unwrought,

Double Value.

present Parliament, That from and after the Feast of Pentecost, commonly called Whitsunday next ensuing, it shall not be lawfull to or for any Currier or Curriers, or any other person or persons whatsoever within this Realme of England, by any wayes meanes shiftes practise or devise whatsoever, to bargaine sell exchange or put away any tanned Leather unwrought, and not cut and converted into some kinde of made Wares now used or which hereafter shalbe used within this Realme, upo paine of Forfature of double the value of the said Leather; Any former Lawe Statute or other Thing to the contrarie hereof in any wyse notwithstanding: The one moitie of which Forfature shalbe to our Soveraigne Ladie the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successours, the other moitie to him or them that will sue for the same by Bill Plaint or Information, in which no Essoine Wager of Lawe nor Protection shalbe allowed.

II.

Promo for Tuner*.

Provided alwayes. That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for all and everie person or persons whatsoever, using occupying or exersising the Trade of tanning of Leather, or to the Executors or Administratours of everie or any such persons, to bargaine sell and put away such Leather as shalbe by them or any of them tanned, in such sorte maner and forme as thei might have done before the making of this Acte; Any Thing herein conteined to the contrarie notwithstanding.

III.

Promo for Sale of Leather forfeited, ftc.

(') Provided also and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That it shall be lawfull to all and everie person and persons, to whome any Leather by force of any former Lawe or Statute shalbe forfaited, and to all other person and persons to whose Hande any tanned Leather shall come as Executor or Administrator to any Artificer using to worke Leather into wrought Wares, or by Bequest from such Artificer, to bargaine sell and put away such tanned Leather as shall come unto them or any of them by any (*) meanes aforesaid, to any Artificer using to convert tanned Leather into wrought Wares; And likewise to all Artificers using to convert tanned Leather into wrought Wares, which shall buie any tanned Leather to the intent to worke the same into Wares, to sell and put away the Wombes Shredes and Neckes which they cannot occupie about their Workes; This Acte or any other Acte or Statute to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Continuance of Act This Act to continue for the space of Sixe Yeeres next after this present Session of Parliament, and from Six Yean, &c. thence so the ende of the Parliament then next following.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act touchinge the breadth of White Wollen Clothes made in the Counties of Somersett Wiltesfi Glouc

and Oxoh, &c.

Recital of Statute* a* to making of certain Woollen Cloth.,

; & 6E.VI. c.6.

4,5 P. & M. c. j.

Difficulty of making Cloth* of the Breadth of Seven Quarters, a* required by the taid Act*.

% Ik THE REAS in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the fifth and sixt yeeres of the Reigne of our late v V Soveraigne Lord King Edward the Sixt, one Statute was made, intituled An Act for the true making of Wollen Cloth, whereby (amongst other thinges) it was enacted, That all Whites and Reddes which after the Feast of Saint Michael Tharchangel then next comming should be made in the Shyres or Counties of Wiltshire Gloucester and Sommerset or any of them, or els where of like making, and all other Whites which should be made in any other partes of this Realme of England, and not before in the same Statute remembred, should conteine in Length being through wet, betwene sixe and eight and twentie yardes, and should be seven quarters of the yards in Breadth within the Lists at the least, and listed according to the ancient Custome; and being well scowred thicked milled and fully dried, should weigh everie piece Ixiiij H. being white, and lx ti. being coloured, at the least; as by the said Acte amongst divers Clauses Articles and Provisions conteyned in the same more plainely is expressed: And Whereas also in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the fourth and fifth yeeres of the Reignes of our late Soveraigne Lord and Lady King Philipe and Queene Mary, one other Statute was made, intituled An Acte touching the making of Wollen Clothes, whereby also (amongst other thinges) it was ordeined established enacted and provided, that every White Clothe which should be made in the Counties of Wiltshire Gloucester and Sommerset, or any of them, or else where of like making, appointed by the Acte made in the saide fifth and sixth yeeres of King Edwarde the Sixt to weigh Ixiiij ii. should weigh, being well scowred thicked milled and fully dried, lxj ti. at the least; with a provision in the same last recited Act conteined, that noe person or persons should incurre the Danger Penalde or Forfeiture limitted and appointed for any Offence in the saide former recited Act, which was mitigated or otherwise appointed by the said Act made in the fourth and fifth yeeres of King Philip and Queene Mary; as by the same Acte made in the fourth and fifth yeares of King Philip and Queene Mary, amongst divers Clauses Articles and Provisoes therein conteyned more plainely is expressed: Sithence the making of which sayde severall Statutes, although the Makers of the said Clothes have endevored themselves according to their best Skill and Industrie to perforate and fulfill the saide recited Statutes in everie of their Clothes, as much as in them did lie, as touching the Breadth of Clothes, and to that End and Purpose have allowed and doe allowe soe much Yarne and Stuffe to everie such Cloth as might sufficiendy serve to make all the saide Clothes full out in Length and Breadth according to the saide former Statute made in the fifth and sixth yeeres of King Edward the Sixt, and in waight according to the saide Branch of the saide Statute made in the fourth and fifth yeeres of the Reignes of the late King Philipe and Queene Marie: 1

1 The Two following Clauses are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

a the 0. Dup.

27° Eliz. c. 17, 18.

725

i

A.D. 1584-5.

Yet notwithstanding many tymes by reason of the divers Natures in the Wools and by the greate diversities in the Spinning Carding and Milling, many of the saide Clothes made within the said Counties of Wiltshire Gloucester Sommerset and Oxoii, and else where of lyke making, doe not containe full seaven quarters in Breadth, according to the said Statute made in the fifth and sixt yeeres of King Edward the Sixt, and yet doe holde their full Weight or more, according to the former Statute made in the tyme of the saide King Philipe and Queene Mary, and no default touching the Breadth can justly be imputed to the maker thereof, for that the said Clothmakers (as experience daily sheweth) cannot observe the saide former Statutes in all the said Cloths as touching the Breadth, although they endevour themselves never so much thereunto; which Clothes not conteining their full Assise in Breadth as is aforesaid, are many tymes taken and [sized'] by the Searchers of London, when they come to their Market at Blackwelhall, to the greate losse and dammage of the said Clothmakers, and to the greate hinderance of Clothmaking within the saide Countes: In Consideration whereof, albeit it is not hereby intended to repeale or make voyde the saide former recited Estatutes or either of them, otherwise then is hereafter expressed. Yet neverthelesse be it enacted by the Queenes most Excellent Majesde with the Assente of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Commons of this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoride of the same, That noe person or persons shall be hereafter chardged for any such Default, which hereafter shalbe in any of the said Clothes mendoned in this Acte, for want of breadth of Saven Quarters, so that the same Cloth doe conteine in breadth being throughly wet Six Quarters and a halfe at the leaste within the Lists, unwrought and listed according to the ancient Custome ; Any Thing in any of the saide former Statutes mendoned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding. Provided alwayes and he it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid, That if any of the saide Clothes shall not conteine Sixe Quarters and a haulfe at the least within the Lists as aforesaid, that then everie person offending in that behalfe shall, for everie such Cloth, be subject to such Paines Penalties and Forfeitures as were, by force of the former recited Statute of the fifth and sixt yeeres of King Edward the Sixt, to have bene forfeited for want of breadth of Seaven Quarters within the Lists.

And be it neverthelesse enacted by the Authoride aforesaide, That if any Cloth be made within any of the saide Counties, or els where of like making, called Narrowlisted Whites, being well scowred thicked milled and fully dried, shal conteine in weight any lesse then lxj ti. at the least, or if any Cloth to be made within any of the saide Counties, or els where of like making, called Broadlisted Whites, being well scowred thicked milled and fully dried, shal conteine in weight any lesse then lxiij ti. at the least; or if any of the saide Clothes called Narrowlisted or Broadlisted Whites, shall conteine in length any more than twentie and eight yardes at the moste, that then everie of the saide Clothiers therein offending shall incurre double such Penalties and Forfeitures, for everie pound so wanting of the severall weightes above limitted, and for everie yarde soe exceeding in length and not weighing after such Rate as is before expressed, as by the said Statute of the fourth and fifth yeeres of King Philip and Queene Mary is provid and appoynted.

This Acte to indure and continue for the space of Five yeeres next after the ende of this Session of this present Parliament, and from the ende of the said Five yeares untill the ende of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte concerninge makinge of Wollen Clothes in the Counties of Devon and Cornewalle, called Plaine White Straightes and Pynned White Streightes.

WHERE in the Parliament upon Prorogation holden at Westminster the xxiij of Januarie in the fifth yeere of the Raigne of the late King of famous memorie Edward the Sixt, one Acte was made for true making of Woollen Clothes; By which Act amongst other thinges it was enacted, That from and after the Feast of Sainte Michaell the Archangell next ensuinge the makinge of the saide Acte no person or persons shoulde put any Heare Flockes or any Yame of Lambes Wool into any Cloth Carsey Frize or Cotton made ande solde or offered to be solde, as in the saide Acte is expressed; upon paine to forfaite every such Cloth Carsey Frize and Cotton wherein any such Yame Haire or Flocles shoulde be put, or the value of such Cloth Carsey Frize or Cotton; as by the saide Acte it doeth and may appeare: And Whereas by another Acte made in the Parliament holden at Westeminster in the seventh yeere of the Raigne of the saide late King, entituled An Acte for the making of plaine White Straightes and pinned White Straightes in Devon and Cornewall, the saide former Acte was altered, and [at1] libertie given to the Makers of the saide Clothes called plaine White Straightes and pinned White Straightes, to use in makinge of the saide Clothes Flocks Heare or Yeme made of Lambes Wool; and by the saide Statute divers Rules and Orders were appointed for making of the saide Clothes called plaine White Straightes and pinned White Straightes; as by the saide Statute doeth appeare : Nowe for that the Orders and Rules, both by the Statute made in the said fifte yeere as also in the seventh yere of the saide late King Edwarde the Sixt, tende to the utter undoinge and decay of great nombers and multitudes of People which live by the Trade of Clothinge, and are not profitable anie longer to be kepe in theis Countryes and Places where the said Cloths called plaine White Straightes and pinned White Straightes are usually made, the same Clothes beinge but a base and course

1 seised Dup. • Dup. omits.

8 Y

None shall be charged under recited Acts for Default in Breath, if the Cloths be Six Quarters and a Half in Breadth, but if less than that the Penalties in 5 & 6 E.VI. c. 6. shall be incurred.

II.

Weight and Length of Cloths called Narrow-listed and Broad listed Whites.

HI.

Continuance of Act, Five Years, &c.

Recital of Stat. j,6 E.VI. c.6. if. against mixing Hair, See. in Cloths:

altered by Stat.

7 Edw. VI. c 9. as to certain Cloths;

Inconveniences thereof;

726

27° Eliz. c. 18, 19.

A.D. 1584-5.

j,6E.VI. c.6.U. & 7 E. VI. c.9. repealed, as to certain Cloths.

Regulations for making certain Cloths in Deron and Cornwall.

HI.

Weight, Length, and Breadth of such Cloths.

kinde of Clothes usually made for the use of poore People beyonde the Seas, and most commonly shipped into Brittaine, and theere utterred for a Marchandize to serve the use of the poorer sort there; and especialy for that sithence the makinge of the said Statutes, the Yarne wherewith the said Clothes called Plaine White Straightes and pinned White Straightes are usually made, to the great benifite of the poore People where the same are made, is growen smaller and finer, whereby manie more poore People are set one worke with spinning of the same, then either at or before the making of any the said severall Statutes they were, so that the Weight Length and Breadth can not agree as before it did in making of the saide Clothes: Be it therefore enacted by the Queenes Majestie our Soveraigne Lady, the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authorite of the same, That the Branch made in the saide fifth yeere, which prohibiteth putting jf Heare Flockes or Yarne made of Lambes Wool into any Cloth or Frize, having regard unto the said Clothes called plaine White Straightes and pinned White Straightes, be utterly repealed and made voide; And that the saide Statute also made in the saide seventh yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kinge, ande every Branch Article and Clause therein, be from henceforth utterly repealede & voide for ever.

And that it be further enacted, That from hencefoorth it shall be lawfull to all and every the Queenes Majesties Subjectes inhabiting or which shall hereafter inhabite within the saide Counties of Devon and Comewall, aswell in Townes Corporate Market Townes or els wher, to weave and make the said [Cloth'] called plaine White Straightes

and pinned White Straightes, and to use and occupie, in making of the said Clothes called plaine White Straightes

and pinned White Straightes, Flockes Heare and Yarne made of Lambes Woll, and to have keepe and use in his and their Houser, three Loomes and not above for makinge of the Clothes aforesaid, and to make the same Clothes of such Length Weight and Breadth as the Marchant shall lyke [and ’] accept to buy the same for Marchandizes, or appoynte the same to be made, for the use and most acceptable Allowance of the Countrey People where the same shalbe transported for Marchandizes, for that in trueth none of the same are worne or occupied within this Realme; The saide Statute made in the saide fifth yeere of the Reigne of the said late King Edward the Sixt, or any other Lawe or Statute heretofore made, to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, That in defrauding of her Majesties Costome, noe Piece of the said Clothes shalbe made above xij Poundes in Weight, or above xiiij Yardes in Length, or one Yarde in Breadth, upon paine of forfaiture of all such Clothes made over and above the said Length Breadth or Weight, or the Value thereof; The one Moitie to the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successours, and the other Moitie thereof to him that will sue for the same by

Writ Bill Plainte or Information in any Courte of Recorde, wherein noe Essoine Protection or Wager of Lawe

shalbe allowed.

Destruction of Timber in Iron-Works in Sussex, Surrey, and Kent;

No new Iron-Mills, Furnace, &c. shall be erected in those Counties;

nor Bodies of Timber Trees of oneFoot square used in such Furnaces.

Penalty £too for each Mill, and 40s. for each Tree.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act for the preservacion of Tymber in the Wildes of the Counties of Sussex Surrey and Kent, and for the Amendment of Highe Waies decaied by Carriage to and fro Iron Mylles there.

WHEREAS by the over great Negligence or nomber of Yron Workes, which have bene & yet are in the Wieldes of the Counties of Sussex Surrey and Kent, it is thought that the great Plentie of Timber which hath growne in those Partes have bene greatly decayed and spoyled, and will in short tyme be utterlie consumed and wasted, if some convenient Remedie therein be not tymely provided : Be it therefore enacted by our Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same. That noe person or persons, from and after the Feast of Easter next after the ende of this presente Session of Parliament, shall make erect build or newe set up, at or in any Place within the Countes of Sussex Surrey or Kent, or any of them, any maner of Yron Mills Fomace Finarie or Blomerie for the making or working of any maner of Iron or Iron Mettal, other then either upon such olde and former Bayes or Pennes whereupon hath lately bene or at the tyme of the new Erection shalbe then standing, som Yron Milles Fomace or Hammer, or els in and upon such Lande as the Partie or Parties, so erecting any such intended new Worke, shall continually furnish the same with sufficient supplie of his or their owne proper Woodes, standing or growing in and upon his or their owne proper Soile or Land, being to him or them in Fee Simple, Fee Taile, or for terme of Life or Lives without empeachement of Waste at the least, and not otherwise; nor shall converte or employ, or cause to be converted or employed, to Coales or other Fuell, for the making or working of Yron or Yron Mettall in or about any maner of Yron Milles Furnaces Hammer Finarie Forge or Blomarie, the bodie or bodies of any sound Timber Tree or Trees apt for the making of good and sufficiente Cleftwares or sawing Timber of Oake Ashe or Elme, growing of the breadth or bignesse of One Foote square at the Stubbe, or any parte of the same bodie or bodies of any such Tree or Trees ; upon paine of forfeiture for everie Yron Mille Fomace Forge Finarie or Blomarie, made erected builded or set up contrarie to the tenure and true meaning of this Acte, the summe of Thre Hundered Poundes, and for everie bodie of everie such Timber Tree, so employed or converted to Coale or other Fuell for the making or working of Yron as is aforesaid, the summe of Fourtie Shillings of lawfull Money of England; the one Halfe of which Forfeitures to bee to our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, and the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same by originall Writ Bill Plainte or Information, wherein no Essoyne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

1 Clothes O. Duf. * or O. Dup.

G(X-

4.D.\584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 19

727

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Owners of such Trees, the bodies whereof have bene or shalbe from tyme to tyme converted and employed to or for any maner of Timber or Cleftware within the Wields of Sussex Surrey or Kent, or any of them, the same not being within Eighteene Miles of the Citie of London, or Eight Miles of the Rever of Thames, or Foure Miles of the Townes of Rie and Winchelsey, or within Three Miles of Hasdnges, or within Foure Miles of the Foot of the Hilles called the Downes betwene Arundel and Pemesey in the Countie of Sussex aforesaide, or any of them, to employ the Toppes and Offales of all such Trees, to or for Coales or other Fuell servinge to or for Yron Workes, at their owne will and pleasures; This Statute or any other to the contrary hereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

And Forasmuch as the Highwayes in the saide Counties of Sussex Surrey and Kent are in many places greatly empared and spoyled, by meanes of Carriages of Coales Mines and Yron to and from the Yron Workes in the said Counties, to the great hinderance of the common Passages of the Queenes Majesties Subjectes travailing through the same: For Remedie whereof be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the Occupiers of all mannor of Yron Workes whatsoever, as [Awners ’3 or Farmors of the same by or for any Estate or Estates of Inheritance for Life Lives or for terme of yeere or yeeres, which shall at any time heareafter cariee or cause to be caried any Coales Mine or Yron to or for anie there Yron Workes, betwene the tweltfe day of October and the first day of May yerely, shall likewise yerely carie and lay or cause to be caried or layed, for everie Six Loads of Coal Is or Mine, as well as also for everie Tunne of Yron, which shalbe caried by anie mannor of Wayne or Cart betweenne the saide twelft day of October and the first day of May yeerely, by the space of One Mile thorowe any High Wayes being under any the Hilles commonly called the North Downes of Surrye and Kent, to or from any maner of Yron Worke, one usuall Carte Loade of Sinder Gravell Stone Sande or Chalke meate for the repairing and amendinge of the said Highways; to be lade and employed in such place and places of the Highwayes as any Justice of the Peace of any of the Counteies aforesaid, dwellinge neere unto the places where the Highwaies within the Limites aforesaid shalbe most annoyed by any the meanes aforesaid, according to the greater and more present necessitiee shalbe appointed or assigned; or else pay or cause to be paid, for and in allowance of everi Carte Loade in manner and forme aforesaid to have bene so caried and laid, two Shillinges and Sixe Pence within eight dayes after the demaunde thereof, to the liandes of the said Justice of Peace or his [Assigne,’] the same to be levied, after default of paiment upon the Demaunde thereof from time to time, upon such Yron ashalbe by and throw the same Highwayes so caried, by Way of Distresse: And if such Justice of Peace, by reason of Absence or other occasion, doe not or shall not within Fourtie Dayes next after the saide first day of May yeerely, assigne or appoint where and in what place of the High wayes the saide Sinder Gravell Stone Sande or Chalke to be caried as aforesaid shalbe laide, or where and howe the Money thereof due or so paide shalbe employed and bestowed, that then the same Sinder Gravell Stone Sande (') Chalke shalbe layd and employede, by such person and persons as by this Acte are to carey and lay the same, or to cause the same to be carid and layd, in such place and places of the High wayes as the Surveyours of the High wayes, within the Parish for the time being where the High wayes shalbe most annoyed as is aforesaid, shall assigne or appointe; or in default therof, pay to the saide Surveyours, for everie such load due and uncaried. Two Shillings and Sixe Pence in mannor and forme aforesaid; upon paine of Forfeiture of Tenne Shillinges for everie loade of Sinder Gravell Stone Sande or Chalke not caried laid and employed in the High wayes, or Two Shyllings and Sixe Pence unpaide as is aforesaide, to be forfeitede and payd by the person and persons, which by this Acte ought to carie and lay or cause to be caried and layd, the Sinder Gravell Stone Sand or Chalke, or therefore to have paide as is aforsaide, after due Presentment and Conviction thereof had before the Justices of Oyre and Terminer or Justices of Peace in any of their Open Session or Sessions to be holden before them or any of them: All which Summe and Summes of Money, to be forfeited by reason of this Act for or in defeulte of Carriage and Laying of the saide Sindar Gravell Stone Sande or Chalke or payment thereof due as aforesaide, shalbe lykewise bestowed and employed upon the Amendement and repay ring of (♦) High wayes in the saide Parishes where the cause of Forfeiture by defeulte or refusall grewe and was geven, at and by the discretion of any such Justice of Peace as shall dwell and be reciant next unto the place or places being most annoyed by the Carriages aforesaide, and where the Money therefore due should have bene paide as aforesaide, and the same to be levied by way of Distresse by any Constable Tythingman Hedborough or other Offecer thereunto to be assigned, by Warrant made in Open Sessions by any Clarke of the Peace of the Countie where any the Offence or Offences aforesaid shalbe committed, or by any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, which were presente at the Sessions wherein the saide Conviction of or for any the Offences aforesaide shalbe had: And if noe sufficient Distresse can be found by the said Officer appointed to levie the same, or if the saide Offendour shall obstinatly refuse to pay the same Forfieture, or doe not pay the same within Twentie Dayes after a lawfull demaunde of the same by the saide Officer to be appointed for the levying thereof as aforesaide, That then everie person so denying or refusing and not paying the same Forfeiture within Twentie Dayes as aforesaid, to fbrfeite the double sume he should before have paide; to be levied by such wayes and meanes as to two of the Justices of Peace of the same Countie where the saide Offence shalbe committed, whereof one to be of the Quorum, shalbe thought most meete; The same Forfeiture to be likewise employed upon the Amendement of the High wayes, as the other Forfeiture should have bene, if the same hade bene levied according to the true intent and meaning of this Statute.

-II.

Tops and Offals of Treel may be employed as Fuel for Iron-Works in certain Places.

III. Occupiers of Iron-Works shall for every Ton of Iron carry and lay on the Roads certain Quantities of Cinders, Grave!, 4c. according to Direction of Justices of Peace s

or'Surveyors of the Highways.

Penalty I os. per Load, &c.

to be employed in repairing the Highways;

leviable byDistress;

Double Penalty in Default of Distress, &c.

1 Owners 0. Dup.

• Assignee 0. Dup. • or 0. Dup.

4 the 0. Dup.

Gck *ole

728

27° Eliz. c. 20.

A.D. 1584-5.

Want of fresh Water near Plymouth j

The Harbour there requiring cleansing, kc.

The Advantages of the River Mewe being brought to Plymouth;

Corporation of Plymouth empowered to dig a Trench for that Purpose, making Recompence to the Owners, &c. under Judgment of the Justices of Assize.

CHAPTER XX. (')

An Acte for prefvac&n of the Haven of Plymmowthe.

WHEREAS yo' Ma'f Towne of Plymowth in the Countie of Devon being an auncyent Borough Towne W ▼ bordering upon the meane Sea, yet havinge a pleasaunte and safe Harboroughe and Rode for Shipps within or nere the same, comonlye called Plymmowth Haven, wheare aswell yo' Ma'f Shippes as the Shipps and Vessells of dyvers yor Highnes Subjects, tradinge into forren Partes and from Porte to Porte .dthin this Realme, do often upon necessitie and otherwise arrive harboroughe refresshe and vittell themselfes, aswell w® fresshe Water being a thing verey necessarie for them, as withe divers other thinges, hathe for the moste parte of the yere none or at the leaste verey Iitle fresshe Water within a myle of the saide Towne or thereabowt, a Matter verey incomodiouse; By reason whereof yor Ma'f Shippes and the Shippes of yo' Highnes Subjects, arryveng and harbowring in the said Haven as is aforesaide, the Maryners of the same, are manye and often tymes dryven by necessytie to goe a Myle or more from the saide Towne and theire Shippes to fetche fresshe Water for theire necessarie uses: By reason whereof dyvers times they loste dyvers good Wyndes and Oportunyties whiche they might take benefite of, yf they mighte water themselfes nere theire Shippes ; besides the saide Towne being subjecte to fyer, aswell by the Enemye, (for the same was once burned by the Frenche in the tyme of Warre,) as by Negligence and other Mishappe at Home, there is no Water in or nerer the saide Towne for the moste parte of the yere (especiallie in the Sommer tyme when the Daungers bee greateste) then a Myle or sometime more, as the dryeth is: And wheare also the saide Haven of Plymowth, being one of the pryncipall Havens and Harboroughes of the West parts of Englande, dothe daylie querre & fill w,h the Sande of the Tynnewoorcks and Mynes nere adjoyneng to the same, and in shorte tyme wilbe utterlie decayed, yf some Redresse and speedie Remedie be not hadd : And wheare also there is a Water or Ryver within the saide Countie of Devon called the Water or Ryver of Mewe ais Meuye, distaunte from the saide Towne abowte Eight or Tenne Myles, parte of the whiche Water or Ryver w'b some Chardge wilbe brought into the saide Towne of Plymowth, withowt any greate Prejudice or Damage to anye Owner or Owners of any Lande throughe whiche the same shalbe conveied, by reason (the moste parte) in effecte all the same Lande is eyther barren and heathie, or elles hillye & drye Grounds, w61 wilbe bettered and amended by the Water that shalbe brought throughe the same; by bryngeng of whiche Water moste of the Incomodities and Daungers and divers others shall not onlie be remedied, but also some parte of the Chanell of the saide Haven scowred & cleansed by the same Ryver, to the ppetuall Contynew*unce of the same Haven, a Matter moaste beneficiall to the Realme : And wheare also the Inhabitauntf of the same Towne are incorporated by Kinge Henry the Sixte, by the name of The Maio' and Coialtie of Plymowth, whiche is confirmed by yo' Ma,ie and dyvers yor noble Progenito" Kings of this Realme : Maye it therefore please yo' moste excellent Matie of yor moaste noble and aboundant Grace and accustomed Favoure, that yt maye be Inacted by this present Pliament, That yt shalbe lawfull to & for the saide Mayo' and Coialtie, and to theire Successo", at all tymes after the Feaste of Easter nowe next comynge, to digge and myne a Ditche or Trench, conteynenge in Bredthe betwene sixe or seaven foote over in all places, throughe and over all the Lands and Grounds lyeng betwene the saide Towne of Plymmowth and anye parte of the saide River of Mewe als Meuye, and to digge myne breake bancke and cast upp all and all maner of Rockes Stones Gravell Sande and all other Lettf in anye Places or Groundes, for the convenyent or necessarie conveyenge of the same River to the saide Towne; and further from tyme to tyme to doe Repacon and make Weares Banckf and all other Things necessarie, whereby the saide River may be brought & contynewe unto the saide Towne, withowte lett denyall vexacttn or trooble of the Lord or Lords Owner or Owners of the same Grounde, or of any other pson or psons by Suyte in the Lawe or otherwyse, upon payne of xx ii. for everie tyme that they or anye of them do attempte the contrarie thereof; the one halfe thereof to be to o' saide Soveraigne Ladie, and thother halfe to the saide Maio' and Coialtie & theire successo", to be recovered by Action of Debte Bill Pleynt or Informac&n, wherein the ptie Defendant shall not wage his Lawe, nor in the saide Action Actions or Suytes any Essoigne Licence or Protection shalbe allowed ; The saide Mayo' and Coialtie gyving and payenge to the Lorde or Lords Owner or Owners of the Soyle where suche things shalbe made or done, in Recompence and Satisfaction of & for the Lande or Grounde so to be digged or myned, for the full & absolute Purchase of the same to them and theire Successo", so moche Money as by the Twoe Justices of the Assise of the Countie of Devon for the tyme being, shalbe adjudged ordeyned & determyned ; and also gyveng and payenge to the Ten‘ntf Fermo" and Occupiers of suche Lande or Grounde, for suche Hurts or Losses as they or any of them shall have or susteyne by the same, asmoche as shalbe assessed adjudged and determyned by the saide twoe Justices of Assises; the same Recompence and Satisfaction, aswell concemynge [the Lord or Lords of the I^ande as the Tenantf Fermo" and Occupiers of the same, to be paied by the saide Maio* & Coialtie of the saide Boroughe for the tyme beinge, or theire Successo", within the space of sixe Weekes next after the ratinge assessing end determynenge of the same, unlesse the saide Maio' & Coialty & theire Successo" can otherwise compounde and agree w* the Lords Ten*ntf Fermo" & Occupiers of suche Lande and Grounde, or withe anye of them : And in case yt happen the Maio and Coialtie of the saide Boroughe to make defaulte of Payment of the sayde Recompence & Satisfaccdn, & resiste to paye the same as is before reherced, that then the Lorde Lords Owner Owners Tenantf Fermo" and Occupiers of suche Lande or Grounde that is agrieved therew'*1, and to whome the Recompence & Satisfaccon ought to be paied, shall and maye lawfullie comence affyrme & take his or theire Action of Debte, by the course of the Comon Lawe, against the Mayo' and Comynaltie of the saide Boroughe for the tyme beinge, and theire Successo", for Recoverie of

1 From the Original Act : See Note at the beginning of this Year.

D^zed by

J

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 20—22.

729

the ssme in anye Courte of this Realme, at the Will and Pleasure of the ptie grieved, and the like Proces thereupon to be hadd as in Accon of Debte at the Comon Lawe, grounded upon Contracte or Specialtie hathe used to ben hadd, in whiche no Wager of Lawe Essoyne or Protection shalbe allowed.

PROVibED allwaies and yt ys further Inacted by this present Pliament and by the Authoritie of the same, That the saide Water shall not be conveyed throughe the Howse Garden or Orcharde of anye pson or psons or throughe anye parte thereof, w^owte Composicon to be firste hadd w'h the Owners and Occupiers of the saide Howses Gardens & Orchardes.

Provided allwaies, That this Acte nor any thing herein conteyned shall extende to gyve liberty as aforsaid to bring the saide Water or anye parte thereof owte of his auncient Course, to or for any Intente or Purpose menc&ned in this Acte, unlesse everie suche pson and psons as are Owners of anye Mylle or Mylles scytuate & standinge upon or nere the saide Ryver of Mewe ats Meuye, shalbe firste compounded withall as aforesaide, yf the sayede Milles shall by the bringenge of the saide Water or anye parte thereof unto the saide Towne of Plymowth be impayred or hyndered.

CHAPTER XXL (')

An Act for the preservation of Orforde Haven in the Countie of Suff.

FORASMUCHE as the Haven of Orforde in the Countie of Suff is greatelie shoulded and decaied, by the abuse of certeyne Stallboates and unlawfull Nettf, sett aswell in the saide Haven as also in a place called the Gull being a braunche of the saide Haven, whereby the greate destruction of the Frye of Fisshe there enseweth, by reason of the smallenes of the Maskes of suche Nettf as they use; and also the saide Haven and Gull, by the contynewall standinge of the saide Stalboates & usinge of the saide Nettf, the Course of the Tydes being thereby hyndered, so that the saide Haven and Gull w01 Sande Soyle Sulfe and Pyble Stones, are become of muche lesse depthe then heretofore they have ben, to the greate Pill of Shippes and Vessells usinge that Harboroughe, and likely to be muche more pilouse orells shelved upp, and so the use of the Haven and Gull to be utterlie loste, yf speedie Remedie be not herein provided: Be it therefore Inacted by o' SoPaigne Ladie the Quenes Ma*" the Lords Spuall and Temporall and w* Thassent of the Comons in this present Pliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same Pliament, That from the firste daye of Auguste nowe next enseweinge, yt shall not be lawfiill to anye maner of pson or psons whatsoever to sett anye Nett or Nettf, with anye Boate or Boates called a Stallboate or other Boate or Vessell

whatsoever, within the Entrie or Mowth of the saide Haven or in the saide Gull, excepte the Maske or Shale of

everie suche Net, throughowte the whole Nett, do conteyne twoe Inches and a halfe at the leaste in wydnes from knott to knott; upon payne to forfaicte for everie tyme that anye Nett or Nettf shalbe sett or placed in the saide Haven or Gull, not beinge of the Maske or Shale aforesaide, the some of Fyve Powndf of lawfull Englishe Moneye,

together w*1 the Nett or Nettf so sett or the value thereof; the one moytie whereof shalbe to the Queenes Ma1* her

Heires and Successo", and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same, in any of her Malf Courts of Recorde at Westm and not elsewheare, by Acc&n Bill Playnte or Informac&n, wherein no Essoyne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

CHAPTER XXn. (*)

An Acte for the bringinge of the Haven of the Cittie of Chichester by a newe cut Channell to the Suburbes of

the same Cyttie.

WHEREAS the Cittie of Chichester in the Countie of Sussex ys a verie auncient Cyttie, holden by the Mayo' and Cittizens thereof in Fee Farme of the Quenes Ma,ie, and beinge scytuate nere the Sea Coaste, hath a verie say re Haven, whiche doth ebbe and stowe within one myle of the saide Cittie, whiche Haven is able to harbo' in saftie in extremitie of Tempest and fowle Weather on Flote at Lowe Water, a greate nomber of Shippf, and is therefore verie necessarie & comodious to all her Ma'f Subjects tradinge and travelinge the Seas by that Coaste, eyther in tyme of Warr or Peace, whether yt be to forreine Partes or within the Realme, in so muche that it is taken to be at this present the best Haven betwene Portesmowtlie and the Thames Mowthe; For the better maintenance of wch Haven and the ease of all Merchantf and others havinge accesse thereunto, the Maior and Cittizens of the saide Cittie, (who by the bountifulnes of her Mati" Progenito" likewise have and holde, togeather with the saide Cittie, the saide Haven Waterco'se and Streame theof, with divers other Royalties Liberties Priviledges and Customes thereunto belonginge and therbie arisinge to them and their Successors for ever,) have of longe tyme mainteyned, and yet to their greate Charges Costes and Expences do

, From the Original Acts. See Note at the beginning of this Tear.

8 Z

II.

Not to pats through any Garden, itc.

III.

Proviso for Mills on the said River.

For preserving the Haven of Ortord and the Fishing there, the Size of the Meshes of Nets there regulated.

For improving the Harbour of Chichester, and the Access thereto from the City.

T30

27° Eli z. c. 22.

A.D. 1584-5.

The Mayor, &c. empowered to lay out and take Ground for making a Canal from the Harbour to the City of Chichester.

II.

The Mayor, kc. shall enjoy the Ground ao taken, on Recompence made to the Ownera.

mainteyne a Peere or Keys, which ys builte in the saide Haven with Free Stone for the more comodious ladinge and unladinge of Shippf and Vessells tradiqge to and from the saide Haven ; Notwithstandinge all w4 Premiss, for that the saide Peere or Keye is aboute a myle and a halfe distant from the saide Cittie of Chichester, and hath neyther at yt nor neere adjoyninge to it anie Warehowses Storehowses or other place of Receipte, fitt or convenient eyther for the safe custodie of Wares or Merchandizes, or for y* lodginge harbouringe or refreshinge of Merchauntf Maryners and other Passengers whiche there may happelie be benighted or arryve late, or in fowle Weather; and also for that the Carriadge of all manner of Wares and Merchandizes betwene the saide Cittie and the saide Keye, is not only growne of late yeres to suche an excessive Price and Chardge, by reason of the deepenes fowlenes and tediousnes of the waies betwene the saide Cittie and Keye, as is importeable to Merchauntf, but also the Cariadges at dyvers tymes of the yere, are not to be had for Money, especiallie in Wheate season Barley season Haye Harvest and Come Harvest, wherebie y* Lightermen manie tymes lose their Tydes, the Merchauntf their Chardge of Lighterage, and y' Merchaundize in the meane season lefte uppon the open Keye reddy to be spoyled & loste, or at the least in greate daunger yf yt be not attended & watched, the Trade of Schandize and accustomed Traffique unto the saide Cittie by the Haven aforesaide ys verie greatlie decayed, and the saide Haven nothinge so well haunted and frequented with Merchauntf as yt hath byn heretofore, wherebie ys likely to ensue a greate Decaye and Impoverishinge, not only of the state of the saide Maio' and Cittizens, but also of all the Inhabitauntf of the Villadges & Pishes nere thereunto adjoyninge : And Forasmuche as all the Inconveniences and Discomodities aforesaide may be avoyded and taken away, by the bringinge of the saide Haven through the lande to the Suburbes of the saide Citrie of Chichester, and that by the Judgement of divers wise and discrete psons skilfull and experienced in like Woorkes, the saide Haven with the Confluence of suche Ryvers Brookes and Springs of Waters as are and rise nere abowte the saide Cittie of Chichester, may be verie easelie (in respecte of possibility) cutt owte trenched and drawen to the saide Suburbes, in suche sorte that by meanes thereof Lighters and small Boates may passe upon the same Water to and fro betwene the saide Suburbes of the Cittie of Chichester and the Key aforesaide, to the greate Ease Proffitte and Comodi tie, aswell of all the Inhabitantf of the saide Cittie and the Countrie and Villadges nere adjacent, as for all Merchauntf havinge occasion to traffique there: In Consideration of all wrt premisses, and for divers other comodiowse profitable and beneficiall cawses which are like to ensue, aswell to the whole Comon weale in generall as to the saide Mayor and Cittizens, and to all Merchauntf and other pticler psons whiche shall have occasyon to repaire thether; The saide Maio' and Cittizens of the saide Cittie of Chichester do moste humbly beseche yo' most Royall Ma*1* that it may be enacted and established in manner and fourme followinge, that ys to saye; That it shall and may be lawfull to the saide Maio' and Cittizens of the Cittie of Chichester, their Successors and Assignes, at anie tyme or tymes hereafter, to assigne appoint limytt and laye owte suche and so muche convenient and necessarie Porc&ns and Quantities of Grounde, for the makinge of a newe Trench or Chanell from such Place of the Haven of the saide Cittie unto the Suburbes thereof, betwene the Dell Keye there and a Place called Fishbome, and of suche Length and Breadth throughe owt, as to them their Deputies and Woorkemen shall seme moste meete convenient and necessarie for the same, and in suche place and places as they shall fynde to be moste apte meete and fittest for that p'pose; And that yt shall and may be lawfull for them the saide Maio' and Cittizens, their Successors and Assignes, and their Woorkemen, at all tyme & tymes at their Pleasures, to have take use and imploye to the p'pose aforesaide, the saide porc&ns and quantities of Groundes, so by them their Deputies or Workemen to be assigned appointed lymited and laide owte as ys aforesaide, in and by all the Length and Breadth that the saide newe Cutt Trenche or Channell shall passe, betwene the saide Dell Keye and the saide Place called Fishborne, as shalbe sufficient and requisite for the passinge and conveyinge of the Water alonge the saide Channell unto the Suburbes of the Cittie afforesaide, and also fyfrie or threescore foote in breadthe one eache syde of the saide newe Cutt Trenche or Channell by all the Length of the same; So alwaies that they doe not in anie one place take in breadth, bothe in Channell and in Grounde on bothe sides of the Water in the saide newe Channell for the p'pose aforesaide, above the breadth of Twoo hundred Foot in the whole, whiche Space and breadth of Grounde ys thought verie nedefull and requysite to be had used & occupied for the saide newe Channell or Cutt, and for the Banks and Walles thereof one bothe sides, aswell for the apte and convenient placinge layinge carriage removinge & bestowinge of suche Earthe Gravell Mudde and other Soyle as shalbe caste owte of the saide Channell or Trenche, into places most fitt and convenient for the more Strength of the same Banckf and Walles and better safetie of the Lande one eyther syde against suche InundacUns of Water as may happen, And also that all the Quenes Ma‘f people may with ease frelie one Foote or Horsebacke, passe and repasse to and fro, betwene the said Cittie of Chichester and the olde Haven aforesaide, uppon the saide Banckf or Walles; And also that therbie the Lightermen and Boatemen yf nede be, may uppon the same Grounde, withowte offending anie other, drawe their Lighters or Boates from place to place alonge the saide newe Channell against the Tyde or Streame, as sometymes beinge laden they shalbe constrayned so to doe.

And also that yt may be likewise enacted, That the Maior and Cittyzens of the saide Cittie of Chichester, and their Successors for ever, shall have holde possesse and enjoye, all the saide Grounde so by them their Deputies or Woorkemen lymited assigned appointed and laide owte as ys aforesaide, for the purpose above menc&ned, in Length* and in Breadthe all a longe the saide newe Trenche or Channell, aswell for the saide newe Trenche or Channell, an also for the Banckf Walles and Groundes one bothe sides thereof, meete necessarie and convenient for the Queer* Subjects and People to passe, for suche Composicbn s5mes of Money or other Recompence, as they the saide Mayo' and Cittizens their Successors or Assignes shall compounde & agree with the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the saide Soyle and Grounde.

Go

A.D. 15S4-5.

27° Eli z. c.22.

731

S

i

i

s

tk

F

ifc

ai

ik

ii

|k«

li

m

ri

F

a

ii

9

ii

if

I

And that yt may be further enacted, That the Maior and Cittizens of the saide Cyttie of Chichester, their Successors and Assignes for ever, shall and may have holde possesse use enjoye contynewe and exeecute, all suche Jurisdice&n Power Rule Govemement Aucthoritie and Correcc&n, of all the saide newe Cutt Trenche or Channell, and of the Grounde and Banckf one bothe sydes of the same, in manner and forme aforesaide to be assigned lymited appointed and layde owte, and all Royalties Libties Francheses Pryviledges Customes Fisshinge Fowlinge Lighterage, and all other Proffittf Comodities Casualties and Advantages whatsoever, aswell of the same Grounde and Soyle as of the Water in the saide newe Cutt Trenche or Channell, and of eyther or any of them, in as lardge ample & benefiCall manner, to all Intentf Construcc&ns and P'poses, as they the saide Maio' and Cittizens of the Cittie aforesaide nowe lawfullie doe, or any of their Predecessors at any tyme heretofore have lawfullie done, or of right may should & ought to have had holden used enjoyed and executed, any Jurisdice&n Power Rule Govemement Correcc&n Realties Libties Francheses Friviledges Customes Fisshingf Fowlingf Lighterage, and all other Profittf CSmodities and Adventages, within the saide Cittie of Chichester and the Libties thereof, & in by and throughe the severall Portes and Havens of Underinge and Homemowthe, and in and by all the Creekes Members and Libties of them or any of them, accordinge to the auncient Customes had used and enjoyed by the saide Maio' and Cittizens of the saide Cittie of Chichester, and their Predecessors within the saide Cittie, and accordinge to the forme and effecte of sundry Charters and Grauntes unto them the saide Maior and Cittizens made and graunted by the Quenes moste noble Progenitours, and by her Highnes confirmed, or by any of those Wayes or Meanes.

And that yt may also be enacted, That yt shall and may be lawfull to and for the saide Maio' and Cittizens of the Cyttie afforesaide, their Deputies or Woorkemen, to enter in to any manner of Landes nere adjoyninge to the saide Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell lyinge within halfe a Myle of the saide Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell, there to viewe what Brookes Waters Streames and Springs are in the saide Landes, whiche Brookes Waters Streames & Springes may fitlie necessarilie and comodiouslie be brought and conveyed by Dike or Trenche unto the saide Newe Cutt Trenche and Channell, to encrease the force of the freshe Water in the saide Trenche or Channell, for the better mainteyninge contynuinge clensinge and scowringe of the saide Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell; Uppon whiche Viewe by them made, if anie Brookes Waters Streames and Springs be founde in anie of the Landes aforesaide, lyinge within halfe a Myle of the saide Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell, wch will fitlie necessarilie and commodiously serve for the Woorke and p'pose above menc&ned, That yt shall and may be likewise lawfull for the saide Maio' & Cittizens, their Deputies or Woorkemen, to lymyt assigne appointe and laye owt, in anie of the saide Landes where suche Brookes Waters Streames and Springs shalbe, suche and so muche convenient Porc&n and Porc&ns Quantitie and Quantities of Lande, and in suche convenient Place and Places in the saide Landes, as shalbe thought aptest and fittest for the Conveyaunce of the saide Brookes Waters Streames and Springs unto the Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell aforesaide, as they the saide Maio' and Cittizens, their Deputies or Woorkemen, shall thinke good for that p'pose.

And that yt may also be enacted, That after the saide Porc&n or Porc&ns Quantitie and Quantities of Lande, in anie the severall Groundes aforesaide, so by the saide Mayo' & Cittizens, their Deputies or Woorkemen, in forme aforesaide and for the p'pose laste before menc&ned, shalbe assigned lymited appointed and laide owt. That yt shall and may also be lawfull to the saide Maio'and Cittizens, their Deputies and Woorkemen, to make Dikes Trenches or other necessarie Conveyauncf in the saide Landes, for the passinge and conveyinge of the saide Brooks Streames Waters and Springes, from place to place throughe all the saide Landes unto the Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell aforesaide; And also to have Libtie from tyme to tyme to enter into the Landes aforesaide, after the Dikes or Trenches shalbe there made, (yf nede so require) to repayre amende mainteine dense scower and kepe the same Ditches & Trenches there made, for the conveyaunce and passage of the saide Brookes Waters Streames & Springs unto the Newe Cutt Trenche or Channell afforesaide, withowt the Lett Trouble or Deniall of the Lordes Owners or Occupiers of the same Landes; the saide Maio' and Cittizens, theire Successors and Assignes, compoundinge and agreeinge with the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the same Landes, for all suche Grounde as they shall use and imploye in and abowte the saide Dikes and Trenches, and yeldinge also and payinge unto them suche Satisfaccyon and Recompence for the same Landes, with the Losses Hinderaunces and Damages whiche they and everie of them shall susteine therehie, as shalbe concluded and agreed for betwene the saide Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the same Landes and the saide Mayo' and Cittizens.

And that yt may likewise be enacted, That the Maio' and Cittizens of the saide Cyttie of Chichester, their Successors Deputies or Woorkemen, shall not by vertue of this Acte have take use or imploye anie Mans Grounde or Lande, to anie the p'poses or uses afore menfftned, untill they have compounded with the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the same Grounde for the same.

Provided alwayes, That yf any Lord Owner or Occupier of any suche Grownde or Landes, needfull or requisite to bee used or ymployed to or for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse suche some or somes of Money or other Composic&n for his or their Title Interest or Estate of and in the said Landes, as shalbee to him or them offered or tendered by the said Maio' and Citizens, their Successo'* or Assignes, for and in recompence thereof, that then yt shall and maye bee lawfull to and for the Lord Chauncelo' of England or Lorde Reaper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, by his Discretion, at the Suite and Peticon of the Maio' and Citizens of the said Cittie of Chichester, to appointe and authorise by Comission under the Greate Seale of England, Twelve Comissioners, whereof sour to bee Aldermen or other discreete Citizens of the said Cittie of Chichester inhabitinge w,hin the said Cittie, and the other Eight

hi.

Jurisdiction of the Mayor extended over such Canal, &c. in like Manner as over the City and Harbour.

IV.

Mayor, &c. empowered to enter Lands, within Hall a Mile of the Canal, to search for Springs, Scc. and direct them into the Canal.

V.

Mayor, See. may take Land for the Purpose of conveying such Springs, See. making Recompence for the same.

VI.

No Land to be taken before Composition with the Owner.

VII.

In case of any Difference with Owners as to Compensation,

12 Commissioners, to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, shall ascertain the Amount of the Rent or Purchase.

732

27° Eliz. c. 22.

A.D. 1584-5.

VIII.

Mayor, &c. shall maintain the Fences.

IX.

Goods shall be laden and unladen only at Wharf to be made for that Purpose.

X.

Sums awarded by Commissioners foot being yearly Rents) shall be paid to Owners before the Lands are taken.

XI.

Pronto for Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Effingham.

to bee Noble Men or Gentlemen beinge in the Comission of Peace in the saide Countie of Sussex, inhabidnge w^in the said Countie, w* twelve Comissioners, or syxe of them whereof two to bee of the said Aldermen or Citizens of the said Cytde of Chichester and the other sour to bee of the said Noblemen or Gentelmen, by vertue of this Acte and of the said Comission, shall have full Power and lawfull Aucthoritie, by their Discretion, to name assigne appointe and determine what sommes of Money yearelye Rent or other Recompence the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of all or any of the Landes or Groundes, to bee lymited assigned appointed and laide out for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them their Heires or Assignes, shall have take and accepte of the said Maio' and Citizens and their Successo", in full satisfacc&n of and for the same Lande and Grownde, or of and for any other Hinderaunce Damage Losse Decaye or Indempnitie that they the said Lordes Owners and Occupiers or any of them, their Heires or Assignes, shall or maye have or susteyne by reason of the pmisses; so as the same be set downe in Wridnge indented under their Handes and Seales, whereof the one pte to bee delyvered to the said Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the said Landes and Groundes their Heires or Assignes, and the other pte thereof to the Maior of the said Cittie for the tyme beinge, w^in one moneth next after the same shalbee so set downe in Wridnge; And that suche Lordes Owners and Occupiers, their Heires and Assignes, shall or maye have their Remedie and Recoverie, of and for suche Money yerelie Rent or other Recompence, against the Maior and Cidzens of the said Cittie of Chichester and their Successo" and others, by Accbn of Debte Distresse or otherwise, as for suche like things in Cases at the Comon Lawe ys used, and lyke Proces and Proceadinge to bee therein as in other lyke Cases at the Comon Lawe ys used.

And bee yt further enacted, That the Maio' and Cidzens of the said Citde of Chichester and their Successo", shall make and maineteyne, at their Costs and Chardges, the Hedges Banckes Walles and Fences requisite and necessarie betwene the Growndes so by them to bee taken to the use abovesaid, and the Groundes of other Owners, and also convenient Bridges and Wayes for the Passage of the Queenes liege people and their Carriadges.

Provided also and be yt further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That no pson or psons shall lade or unlade any Goodes Wares or Marchaundize in the said newe Cut Trenche or Channell, but at suche ladinge and unladinge Place Wharf or Keye as shalbee made for that purpose, at or nere thend of the said newe Cut Trenche or Channell next the said Citde of Chichester aforesaid; upon paine to forfeyte for every Tonne weight, wch shalbee so laden or unladen in any other place in the said newe Cutt Trenche or Channell, Twentie Shillingf, and so after that Rate; w* said Forfeytures shalbe to the Maio' and Citizens of the said Cittie and their Successo" to the use aforesaid, the same to be recovered by the said Maior and Citizens and their Successo", by Accbn of Debte in any Courte of Recorde, in w® Accbn no Essoigne Proteccbn or Wager of Lawe shalbee allowed. And that Goodes Wares and Marchaundise shall or maye be laden and unladen, at the said ladinge or unladinge Place Wharffe or Keye so to bee made at or neare the ende of the said newe Cutt Trenche or Channell next to the said Cittie of Chichester, as safely and lawfullye, to all ententf and purposes, as the same might have byne laden or unladen at the foresaid olde Peer or Keye before the makinge of this Acte.

Provided allwayes. That yf the said Comissioners or syxe of them as aforesaid, shall name assigne appointe or determine any somme or sommes of Money, other then by payment of yearelye Rent, to bee gyven or paide by the said Maior and Citizens or their Successo", to the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the same Lande or Grownde to bee lymited assigned appointed and laied out for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, that then before suche tyme as the said Maio' and Cittizens or their Successo" shall have take use and ymploye the said Londe or Grownde, or any parte thereof, to the Purposes or Uses before mencbned, the said Maio' and Citizens or their Successo" shall paye or satisfie or cause to bee paid or satisfied the said somme or sommes of Money, to the said Lordes Owners and Occupiers their Executo" or Assignes, so that the said Lordes Owners and Occupiers, or any of them, requier and demaunde the same at the Dwellinge Howse of the Maio' of the aforesaid Cittie of Chichester for the tyme beinge.

Provided also, That this pnte Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not in any wise be avayleable extende or gyve any Libtie to the said Maio' and Citizens, and their Successo", or any of them, to have or take any the Landes Tents or Hereditamentf, or any Libties Fraunchesies Realties Priviledges Jurisdiccbns Rights Customes or Dueties, of the Right Honorable Charles Lord Howarde Baron of Effingham Lord Chamblaine of her Ma"" moste Honorable Howseholde and of the moste noble Order of the Garter Knight, hys Heires or Assignes, of or in the Manno' of Appledram in the Countie of Sussex aforesaid, or any parte or pcell thereof or thereunto belonginge or apperteynynge, or otherwise howesoev5, w^out the speciall Assent and Agreement of the said Lord Howarde his Heires or Assignes first had and obteyned in Writinge under his or their Hand and Seale.

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 23.

733

i

ti

ii

ik

B9

lb

r*

0«

u

rr

iff

I*

01

01

r

CHAPTER XXIII.

C)

An Actb for the Clothyers of Boxsted in the County of Essex.

WHEREAS by a certayne Acte of Pliament begynneng at Westm the twentieth daye of Januarie in the iiijth and fyveth yeres of the Raignes of the late King Phillipp and Quene Marye, and theare contynued untill the seaventh daye of Marche in the saide fourthe and fiveth yeres of the Raignes of the saide late King and ^Juene, amongest other Things yt was Inacted, That from and after the firste daye of Maye then next followinge, no pson or psons whatsoever should use or exercise the Feate or Mysterie of making weavyng or roweing of Wollen Clothes, Longe or Shorte or Karsies, Playne Whites or Playne Streightes, to the Intent to put the same to Sale, but only in a Markett Towne wheare Clothe had contynually bene used to be made by the space of tenne yeres then laste paste, or in a Cyttie Borroughe or Towne Corporate, upon payne of Forfeiture, for everie suche Woollen Clothe or Karsie made woven or rowed owte of suche Cittie Borough Towne Corporate or Markett Towne, fyve pound f : And Wheare also yt is provided in the saide Acte that yt shalbe lawfull to any pson, then usinge or exercizeng the Feate or Mysterie of makinge weaving or roweing of Clothe or Karsie, to inhabite or dwell wheare they then did dwell, and theare to use the making weaving or roweng of Clothe or Karsie as he hathe heretofore; Any Thing in the saide Acte notw^standinge : And Wheare yt is further provided by the saide Acte, that yt shall be lawfull to all & everie pson or p6ons, whiche then did or after that tyme shoulde inhabite or dwell in anye of the Shires of Northwales Chesshier or Lanckashier, Westmerlande Cumberlande Northumberlande Bisshopricke of Durham Cornewalle Suff Kent, the Towne of Goddelmyne in the Countie of Surrye, or Yorckeshier being not w°'in twelve miles of the Cyttie of Yorcke, or in anye of the Townes or Villages neare adjoyneng to the Water of Strowde in the Cowntie of Glowcester, wheare Clothes hathe bene usually made by the space of twentie yeres then laste paste, and having bene a Prentice to the Occupacbn of Clothemakinge or used the same by the space of seaven yeres, to sett up use & exercise the Feate or Misterie of making weaving or roweing of Woollen Clothe, owte of a Cyttie Boroughe or Markett Towne, as before they might have doon ; Any Thinge in the saide Acte to the contrarie notw^standinge: And Whereas by one other Acte begynneng at Westm the xxiiju‘ of Januarie in the firste yere of the Raigne of o' Soveraigne Ladie Elizabeth the Quene that nowe is, and theare proroged untill the XXVth daye of the same Moneth, and then there holden and contynued untill the viijth daye of Maye then next followeng, amongest other Things yt was Inacted in maner and forme followeing ; That forasmoche as the Townes and Villages of Bockinge Westbargholle Dedham and C.ockeshalle in the Countie of Essex, be sayer lardge Townes, and as well planted for Clothemakinge as the saide Towne of Goddelmyne or better, and fewer Townes in this Realme better planted for that purpose, and have bene inhabited of a long tyme wth Clothemakers, whiche have made & dailie do make good & true Clothe, to the greate Comon Welth of the Countrey theare, and nothing prejudiciall to or for the Comon Welthe of this Realme, Yt was therefore ordeyned and Inacted, by the aucthoritie of the saide laste recited Pliament, that yt shoulde be lawfull to all & everie suche pson or psons, whiche nowe do inhabite or dwell or hereafter shall dwell in the said Townes or Villages of Bocking Westbargholle Cockeshalle & Dedham, or in any of them, nowe using or exercisenge or that hereafter shall use or exercise the Feate or Mysterie of making weaving or rowenge of Clothe or Karsye by the space of seaven yeres at the leaste, or have been prentice therto by the like space of seaven yeres, to inhabite & dwell in the same Villages and Townes of Bockinge Westbargholle Cockshall, and in everie or any of them, and to use the making & weaving or roweing of Clothe or Kersie as before that tyme they might have doon yf the saide Acte had never bene made, Any Thinge in the saide Acte to the contrary thereof made, or anye other Acte Statute or Lawe heretofore made or hereafter to be made to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge: And Forasmoche as the Townes of Boxsted and Langham in the saide Cowntie of Essex are sayer auncyent Townes, and aswell planted for Clothemakinge as any of the said Townes of Bockinge Westbargholle Dedham & Cockshall, and fewe Townes in this Realme better planted for that purpose, and have bene inhabited a longe tyme wth Clothmakers which have made and dailie do make good and true Clothe, to the greate Comon Welthe of the Cowntrey there, by setting to woorcke a greate nomber of poore People, aswell wthin the saide Townes of Boxsted and Langham as in dyvers other Villages and Townes theare rounde abowte, and being nothing prejudiciall to or for the Comon Welthe of this Realme; Be it therefore Inacted & ordeyned by the aucthoritie of this present Pliament, That yt shall be lawfull to & for all & everye suche pson or psons whiche nowe doe inhabit or dwell, or that hereafter shall inhabite or dwell, in the saide Townes or Villages of Boxsted and Langham, nowe usinge or exercyseng or that hereafter shall use or exercise the Feate or Misterie of making weaving or roweng of Clothe or Karsye by the space of seaven yeres at the leaste, or have bene or shall be hereafter prentice thereunto by the space of seaven yeres, to inhabite & dwell in the saide Townes or Villages of Boxsted and Langham, and there to use the makinge weavinge or roweinge of Clothe or Karsie as before the makinge of the saide Statute of the fowrthe and fyveth yeres of the Raigne of King Philipp and Quene Marye they might have doon and as the saide Acte hadd never bene hadd nor made; Any Thinge in the saide Acte to the contrary thereof made, or any other Acte Statute or Lawe heretofore made to the contrary hereof, in any wise notw^standinge.

Recital of Stat.

4, 5 P. S M. c. y. § 21, 24. 2J. at to Residence of Clothmakert.

1 Eliz. c. 14. permitting Clothi to be made in Bocking and other Townt in Ettex

Clothi may be made at Boxttead and Langham in Eaaex.

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

Von IV

9 A

734

27° Eliz. c. 24.

A.D. 1584-5.

2, 3 P. &M. c.8. u to Highways, revived and continued by $ Eliz. c. i j. and amended by 18 Eliz. c. ao.

For repairing Sea-Banks in Norfolk, Juaticea of Peace there may appoint auch Day Works, as are not required on the Koada, to be employed on auch Sea Banks.

II.

All PeraonJ within 3 Milea chargeable to Repaira of auch Sea Banks:

Constable! of Hundreds shall be Surveyors thereof:

Days employed on Sea Banks to be allowed out of Days for Roads.

Continuance of Act, Five Years, See.

CHAPTER XXIV. (')

An Acte for the repayrenge and maynten*nce of the Seabanckf & Seawoorckf on the Seacostf in the Cowntie

of Norff.

WHEREAS in the Pliament holden at Westmynster in the seconde and thirde yeres of the Raigne of the late King Phillipp and Quene Marye, one Acte was made & ordeyned for the amending and mayneteyneng of Highwaies; whiche saide Acte having no longer Contynew*nce but for seaven yeres after thend of the same Pliament, was afterwards, by one other Acte of Pliament made in the fyveth yere of the Queenes Ma*f Reigne that nowe is, revived to have further Contynew*nce for a certayne tyme yet enduringe; In whiche saide Acte made in the saide fyveth yere, and one other Acte made in the xviij,i yere of her Ma'f Reigne, there weare conteyned divers further Addic&ns & Ordyn*ncf tending to the Amendment and Maynten*nce of the saide Highwaies : And Whereas the Sea Banckf and Sea Woorckf in sundrie partes of the Sea Costs within the Countie of Norff, (not being within the pdculer Chardge of anye pson or psons or of anye Towneshippe or

to be maynteyned by anye other Comon Chardge,) are by the woorcking of the Sea ruyned and decayed, to

the greate hurte and prejudice of manye Towneshipps within three Myles of the saide Banckes and Seawoorkf and likelye dailie more and more to growe in Ruyne and Decaye, yf convenyent Remedie be not provided in that behalfe: And Whereas the Highwaies within three Myles of the saide Sea Banckf & Seawoorckf be so gravellie & sandie as neither neede nor requyre for the Amendment of the same so manye of the saide daye Woorckf as be lymyted and appoynted by the saide Statutes, the Surplusage of whiche said daye Woorckf, yf yt might be yerelie imploied towards the Repayreng Amending and Mainten*nce of suche of the saide Seabanckf and Seawoorkf as are not or ought not to be made and maynteined at the pticuler Chardge of anye pson or psons, or at the Chardge of anye Towneshipp, or by Acreshott or other comon Chardge, would be a singuler Benefite and Helpe to the aforesaide Towneshippes within Three Myles of the saide Seabanckf & Seawoorckf so yerelie to be made and maynteyned: For Remedie whereof, Be yt Inacted and ordeyned by Authorise of this present Pliament, That from and after the Feaste of Pentecoste nowe next ensewenge, the Justices of Peace within the saide Countie of Norffolke, shall and maye yerelie, at any Generali Sessions to be

holden within the saide Countie, for and towardes the makinge and amendinge of anye the saide Seabanckf or

Seawoorckf, (nowe beinge or that hereafter shalbe in Ruyne or Decay,) lymytt and appoynte so manye of the aforesaide Daywoorckf, as by theire discrec&ns shalbe thought supfluouse and not nedefull to be employed towards the Amendment of the aforesaide Highwaies within three Myles of the saide Seabanckf or Seawoorkf, whiche shall nedefullie requyer anye suche Repa£6n or Amendment.

And be it further Inacted, That everie pson and psons, dwellinge within three Myles of the saied Seabanckes and Seawoorckf nedefullie to be amended (as is aforesaide), shall yerelie upon reasonable wamynge gyven, duringe so manye dales as shalbee lymyted and appoynted in the saied Sessions in respecte of his and theire Laboure and Carriages, stand and be in that Degree chardged and chardgeable towards the makinge repayringe and amendinge of the saide Seabanckf or Seawoorckf, as by the aforesaide Statutes they stande chardged & chardgeable for the Amendement of any Highwaies; and that they and everie of them, for the not doinge and pformynge the same, shall incurre the like payne penaltie and forfeyture as is conteyned in the aforesaide Statutes made for the Amendin' of Highwaies and everie of them ; And that the saide Justices likewise in theire aforesaide Generali Sessions shall & maye nomynate and appoynte the Highe Constables, of everie Hundred that shalbe chardged or chargeable by force of this Acte towards the makinge or amendinge of the saide Seabanckf or Seawoorckf, to be Surveyo" of the saide Seawoorckf & Seabanckf ; and that they and everie of them shall take upon them the Execuc&n of the saide Chardge and Office and dulie pforme the same, upon suche like paine & forfeyture as by the saide Statutes or anye of them to be imposed upon anye S'veyo' or S'veyo" for not takinge upon hym or them the Office of Surveyo' for the Amendment of the Highwaies; And that everie pson and psons, whiche shalbe yerelie chardged to the makinge and maynten*nce of the saide Banckes or Seawoorkf, shalbe dischardged of so many daies towards the making of the Highwaies as shalbe ymploied and bestowed towards the makinge and amendinge of the saide Seawoorkes & Seabanckf; all the saide Penalties and Forfaictures to be levied in manner and forme as in the saide Statutes are lymyted or appoynted. This Acte to endure and contynewe for the space of Fyve Yeres, and ffomthencefoorth unto the Ende of the Pliament next ensuinge the saide Fyve Yeres.

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

PENN STATI

j!.IX1584.-5.

27° Eliz. c. 25, 26.

735

CHAPTER XXV. (')

An Acte of explanac&n and addic&n unto the late Statute for the Maynten*nce of Rochester Bridge.

WHEAREAS by the former parte of The statute made in the xviij,b yere of the Quenes Ma'" Raigne, and by Doubu on lhe

the Provisoe in the ende of the same Statute, thentent and meaning is, that the Contribuc&n money of the t

Landes and Tenement? contributorie to the Repaire and Maynten*nce of Rochester Bridge in the Countie of Kent, t8 E\ix. c. i7. ought from tyme to tyme to be taxed by the two Wardens and xij Assistantes of the saide Bridge, or by the more parte of them (when neede of suche Contribuc&n shoulde require), for supplie of those Repac&ns of the saide Bridge whiche the Revenues of the Lands proper and belongeng to the saide Bridge will not suffice to doe: And whereas the saide twoe Wardens and xij Assistauntf be everie yere elected of the Owners of Lands contributorie as aforesaide, and thaccomptf of all Receiptf & Paymentf are by the twoe Wardens everie yere dulie made, and the Money duiie ymployed as is lymyted by the saide late Statute; yet for want of expresse Woordf, lymyting that the saideWardens

Assistantf shoulde taxe the saide contributorie Lands in such case of wante as aforesaide, the same Wardens and

Assistantf hetherto have bene dowbtfull and have forborne to make suche Taxe, and therebie have bene forced upon

theire owne Credites and Frendshipps to procure the Wante aforesaide to be supplied by some benevolent Loanes and

Giftf of sondry persons, a matter verey difficulte, and not to be trusted upon for ppetuall Maynten*nce of the saide

Bridge : Be it therefore declared explaned ordeyned and Inacted by authoritie of this present Pliament, That from tyme Whenever the

to tyme hereafter, as ofte as the Rents or other Proffettf of the Lands proper and belongeng to the saide Bridge ^Bridge are

shall not be sufficient to beare the chardge of repac&ns of the saide Bridge, the saide twoe W ardens, and xij Assistantes insufficient for

for the tyme beinge, beinge elected (of the Owners of Lands contributorie,) or the saide twoe Wardens, together w,b Wa^en^'and*1*

the more pte of the said xij Assistauntf, shall and lawfullie maie taxe all the saide contributorie Lands and Tenementf,

ratinge everie Pishe wheare those Lands do lye reasonablie and proportionablie, at suche some of Money and to be contributory to

payed in suche maner and forme, as by the saide twoe Wardens and xij Assistantf, or the saide Wardens w* the sute m*"'

moste pte of the xij Assistauntf as aforesaide (assembled at the accustomed place of Election) shalbe lymyted and be levied by

appoynted in wrytinge under their Hands and Seales; for due levie and satisfaction whereof, yt shalbe lawfull to anye Dmre"> Scc-

person, by the saide twoo Wardens and Assistauntf, or twoe Wardens w,h the moste pte of the xij Assistauntf as

aforesaide, (under theire Hands and Seales in Wrytinge) authorised to levie the same Money taxed, to take and seise

the Goods and Chattalls of anye of Thinhabitauntf or Owners of contributorie Lands in the Parrishe wheare anye

parte of the saide Money so taxed shalbe unpaied, and to levie the same Money by sale of the saide Goods and

Chattalls, and yf the Goods or Chattells so taken seised and solde shall amownte to more value then the saide Taxac&n

shall come unto, that then the Residewe of the saide Moneye over 8t above the saide Taxacon shalbe delyvered unto

the pson or psons whose Goods or Chattells shalbe so solde.

And for a convenyent Assemblie to make a due election of suche Wardens and Assistantf yerelie as wilbe carefull

for Maynten*nce of the saide Bridge, yt is further ordeyned & inacted by authoritie aforesaide. That everie yere at the of each Parish election of the saide twoe Wardens and xij Assistauntf (by the saide former Statute lymyted), twoe at the leaste of thallbe^wint Howseholders Inhabitauntf of everie Parrishe in whiche there are sour Howseholders at the leaste, w'in vij myles of at the Ejection the saide Bridge, and wherein anye of the saide contributorie Lands doe lye, shalbe present to give theire voyces at of w*rdeM> the same Election, upon payne of tenne shillingf to be forfeicted by the Inhabitauntf of everie suche Pishe, making Defaulte of suche Apparaunce; the same Penalties to be levied in forme as afore is lymyted for levieng of the Contribuc&n Money taxed as aforesaid, and to be ymployed upon the Repac&ns of the saide Bridge, and the expenses of the saide Wardens Assistauntf or Inhabitantf, at the saide election daye, to be paied or borne at theire owne Chardges, everie Man to beare his owne Chardge.

CHAPTER XXVI. (*)

An Acte for the explanac&n of a braunche of a former Statute made in the xviijlb yere of the Reigne of o' Soveraigne Ladie Quene Elizabeth towchinge the amendinge of the Highewaies betweene Middleton and the Kinges Ferry, in the Cowntie of Kent.

WHEREAS at the Parliament holden in the xviijlh yere of the Quenes Ma'f Reigne that nowe is, there was one Doubt* on the

verey necessarie and profitable Lawe then made for the repayreng and maynteyneng of the Feme and Passage ^ £^"ctio" of Sg called the Kings Ferry, within the Ysle of Sheppy in the Cowntie of Kent, and for the usuall Highwaye leading from for maintaining the Markett Towne called Middleton to the saide Ferry; In and by whiche Acte or Statute, for the repayreng and xing^enyin the amendinge of the saide Highwaye leading from Myddleton to the saide Ferrye being in greate Decaye, yt is amongest l»lc of Sheppey. other Things Inacted, that it shoulde be lawfull from thenceforthe yerelie during the space of Tenne yeres, for three Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quo^, next inhabitenge to the saide Towne of Middleton within the saide Cowntie of Kent, reasonablie to assesse and taxe all & everie Land Occupiers dwellinge owte of the saide Isle and within sour myles distante from the saide Ferry, as to theire Discrecons shoulde seme convenyent, not

\ From the Original Acts; See Note at the beginning of this Year.

b

736

27° Eliz. c. 26,27.

A.D. 15 84-5-

Justicet of Peace may aaseti Lands within Milea of the Ferry, although Owner* live at a greater Diatance.

Recital of Acta 5 Eliz. mb. 36.

8 Eliz. bb. 22.

14 Eliz. bb. 15. *3 Eliz. c, 13. for inclosing Plumated Marsh

Six Years more allowed for completing such incloaure.

exceedinge the some of one penny upon everie Acre of Freshe Marshe and Uplande in one yere, and upon everie tenne Acres of Sake Marshe, one pennye in one yere: And Forasmoche as upon the Letter of the same Braunche, some dowbte and question hathe risen, whither the saide Justices coulde ceasse anye but suche as be Lande Occupiers, and dwellinge owte of the sayde Isle and within sour Myles distante of the saide Ferry ; And that thereby the TaxaftSns by them to be made by the ire of the saide La we wil not suffice to repayre the saide decaied Waies, for that the Lands and Grounds lyeng owte of the saide Ysle and within Fowre Miles distante from the saide Ferrye, are for the moste pte occupied by suche psons as be inhabiteng withowte the Compasse of the saide sour Myles; by reason whereof the saide Highewaies remayne still unrepaired and not amended, and are growen into further decaye then at the tyme of the makinge of the saide Statute they weare, to the greate daunger and Anno unce of the Quenes Ma'f Subjects passing by and throughe the same: For the better explanacon of the said Statute and for the Redresse of the saide Waies, Be it nowe Inacted by the Quene o' Sov’aigne Ladie, the Lords Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this present Pliament assembled, and by thauthoritie of the same, That yerelie from hencefoorth for ever, betwene the Feaste of Easter and the Feaste of Pentecoste, yt shall and may be lawfull to & for sixe fyve sour or three Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quop, inhabiteng within Eight Myles of the saide Towne of Mydleton within the saide Countie of Kent, to assesse and taxe, upon all and everie the Lands and Grounds lyeng and being withowt the saide Isle and within sour myles distante from the saide Ferrey, suche Assessementf and TaxacSns for and towards the repayrenge and amendinge of the saide Highewaye as to them shall seeme reasonable, notwithstanding that the Owners or Occupiers of the same Lands or Grounds be dwellinge withowte the compasse of the saide sour myles, so that the same Assessementf & Taxac&ns exceede not above one pennye for everie Acre of fresshe Marshe and Uplande for one yere, and not above one penye for evie tenne Acres of Salte Marshe for one yere; the saide former Acte or any Article Braunche or Thing therein conteyned to the contrarie thereof notwithstandinge: And that the saide Taxac&ns and Assessementf shalbe levied and ymployed for and towards the repayrenge of the saide Highwaye, by suche pson and psons dwellinge owte of the saide Isle within sour myles of the saide Ferry, as by the Justices that shall assesse & taxe the same shalbe lymyted and appoynted; and the same pson and psons so to be apoynted to have like power and authorise for the levieng thereof by Distresse, in suche maner and forme as is lymyted to the seide Ferry Warden, by the saide recited Statute for the levieng and gatheringe of Assessmentf within the saide Isle; and the saide pson and psons so to be appointed, to accompte and to delyver the Arreragf thereof (yf anye happen to be) to the saide Justices at suche tyme and place as by them shalbe appoynted.

CHAPTER XXVII. (■)

An Acte for the Inninge of Earithe and Plumsted Marshe.

WHEREAS dyvers Statutf were and have byne made and provided before this tyme in the Vth viij,h xiiijt‘‘ and xxiij01 yeares of the Queenes MaH" moste happie Raigne, for the winninge and inninge of the surrounded Marshes lyeng and beinge in the Parishes of Earith Lysnes and Plumsted in the Countie of Kent, from the Water and Fluddes of the Ryver of Thames : And whereas John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Smyth, George Barne, Richarde Younge, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Poynes, James Guychardine and Roger James, by lawfull Assignem'f had have or ought to have to them their Heires and Assignes, all suche Aucthoririe Interest and Benefitte as the Inners of any of them in any of the said Statutf named had or ought to have in or aboute the inninge or winninge of the said Marshes: And Where in and about the inninge and winninge of the said Marshes the said John Bapdsta Castillion, Thomas Smyth, George Barne, Richarde Younge, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Poynes, James Guychardine and Roger James have byne at greate and excessive Chardge, and by the meanes of shortnes of rime to them lymited and expired, as also by the defaulte of unskillfull Worckmen who tooke upon them the said Worcke, the said Inners are in daunger of greate Losse: And for that the inninge and winninge of the said Marshes is very beneficiall to the Comon Wealth, the pfourmaunce whereof requireth bothe a verie greate Chardge and longe tyme; It ys therefore nowe enacted by the Queenes most excellent Maue the Lordes Spual and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Pliament assembled, and by the aucthoririe of the same, That yt shall and maye bee lawfull to the saide John Baptista Castillion, Thomas Smyth, George Barne, Richard Younge, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Poynes, James Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, and to everie other their Servauntf Facto" Deputies Labourers and Worckemen, and to everye of them, at the Costs and Charges of the said John Baptista Casrilion, Thomas Smyth, George Bame, Richard Younge, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Poynes, James Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, at all and everie tyme and tymes after the ende of this Session of Pliament, duringe the tearme of sixe yeares then next followinge, to inne fence and Wynne all and singuler the Growndes and Marshes aforesaid, nowe surrounded or overflowne wu" Water, or any pte or pcell of them or any of them at their Willes and Pleasures; and to labour worcke and travell from tyme to tyme duringe the said tearme of syxe yeares, in about and uppon the inninge fendnge and winninge of the said Groundes and Marshes, and everie or any of them, or in aboute & upon the inninge fencinge & winninge of any pte or pcell of them, or any of them ; And for the inninge and fencinge of the said Marshes and Groundes, and for the mainteyning and contynewinge of the inninge and fencinge of the said Marshes and Groundes

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1584<-5.

27° Eliz. c. 27.

737

to bee inned, to cut and take so much growinge Reede and Earth as ys or shalbe upon the pmisses, as shalbe necessarie for the firste makinge of the Walle of the said Marshes, w^out Contradiccon or Denyall of any pson or psons, The valewe of the same Reede to bee borne proportionably bye the Owners of the Growndes that shalbe inned accordinge to their severall Quantities of their Growndes that shalbe so inned; and so lykewise by the space of one yeare after suche Inninge, for the maineten*nce and repairinge of the same Walle, and not otherwise to be employed; And that ymediatlye after the substantiall inninge fencinge and winninge of the said Grounds and Marshes, or any of them, or any pte or pcell of them or any of them, from the said Water and Floddes as ys aforesaid, the said John Bapdsta Casdllion, Thomas Smythe, George Barne, Richard Younge, Thomas Fissher, Ferdinando Poynes, James Guychardine and Roger James, their Heires and Assignes, shall have and enjoye to them their Heires and Assignes for ever, the one halffe of the said Growndes so inned; and the other parte or remaine thereof shalbee and belonge to suche Owners as have any Marshe Land wu>in that pcell so inned, accordinge to the severall Proporbbns of their Quantities Rights Titles and Interests w^ they nowe have in the said pcell so inned; And also in consideracbn that they the said Inners shall substanciallie and sufficientlye maineteyne and repayre the Walles and Banckf of the same Marshes so hereafter to be wonne, by the space of one whole yeare next after the Inninge and Pticbn thereof, at the Costs and Charges of the said Inners, they the said Inners shall further have and enjoye to them and to their Heires, one eight parte of the other halfe of the sayd Growndes and Marshes so hereafter inned fenced and wonne, and shall lykewise have Pticbn of the said eight pte; And that the sayd moytie and eight parte that shalbee and apperteyne to the said Inners, their Heires and Assignes, by the pticbn thereof to be made, shalbe holden of the Queenes MaUc her Heires and Successo", as of her Manno' of Eastgrenw01 in the Countie of Kent, in Free Soccage by Fealtie and one peny Rent for everie Acre ; And that further, in Consideration of the greate Costs Chardgf and Travell, as well heretofore as hereafter to bee susteyned about the Inninge of the same Marshes, the said moytie and eight parte that shall apperteyne to the said Inners, shalbee dischardged of all Psonage Tithes whatsoeP, for and duringe the terme of seaven yeares next after the inninge winninge and fencinge of the same.

And yt ys likewise enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That all Bondes Coven*ntf and Agreementf, heretofore had or made, whereby the said Inners their Heyres or Assignes shoulde have any lesse or shorter tyme for the inninge winninge and fencinge of the said Marshes, or wherebie the same Inners their Heires and Assignes shoulde have and enjoye any lesser or smaller porcbn of the said Marshes, for their Chardgf Paynes and Endustrie about the inninge and winninge of the Marshes, then ys lymited and appointed unto them them by this psent Acte, and that all Bondes Coven*ntf and Promises tendinge to the pventing hindringe or stayenge of the makinge of this Acte, shalbee utterly voide frustrate and of none force or effecte in the Lawe; Any thinge to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

And bee yt further by the aucthoritie of this psent Acte enacted, That imediatlie after the substaunciall inninge of the said Marsshes, that yt shall and maye bee lawfull for the said Inners their Heires and Assignes, and the Survivo' of them, and the Heires and Assignes of everie of them, and the said Owners of suche Grownde as shalbee inned their Heyres or Assignes, or in defaulte of the Owners, upon request thereof to bee made by the said Inners their Heires or Assignes, to three or sour of the said Owners their Heires and Assignes, to resorte to the Right Honorable the L. Chauncelo' of England for the tyme beinge; and that by the aucthoritie of this Acte that the said Lord Chauncelo' shall and maye awarde for the a Comission to suche pson and psons as to his discretion shalbe thought meete to make pticbn and devision betwene the said Owners and Inners, and also betwene the said Owners accordinge to the severall Proporcbns of their Quantities Rights Titles and Interests w* they nowe have in the said pcelles so inned, accordinge to the trewe intent and meaninge of this Estatute; and upon the makinge of the said devision and pticbn, yt ys the trewe intent and meaning of the said Inners and Owners and of this psent Acte, that everie Owner by indifferent Appointement of the said Commissioners, shall have his pte assigned to him severallye out of suche of the said inned Marshes as was his owne proper Landes before the makinge of this psent Acte.

Phovidkd also, That everie Owner and Inner that shall have any Lande so inned, shall have fitte and convenient mayne wayes for Dryfte and Carriadge as neade shall require, throughe the said Marshes that shalbee so inned, for the use of their Growndes inned, w^out disturbaunce of the pticuler Owner or his or their Heires or Assignes.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte shall not extend to the late inned Marshes comonlye called or knowne by the Name of Erithe Marshes, or the Banckf Wastf and Forelandf of the same, or to the Reede or other Comodities growinge or cominge in or by reason of the same or any pte thereof.

Provided also and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all suche of the said surrounded Marshe Landes as shalbee by the said Inners their Heires or Assignes or any of them inned, and are nowe holden of Edmonde Cooke of North Craye in the Countie of Kent Esquier, as of his Manno" w"4n the said Countie of Kent, called Lysnes and Fauntf, or of either of them, or w* are pcell of the said Manno" or of either of them, shalbe holden of him the saide Edmounde Cooke his Heires and Assignes, as of suche of the said Manno" whereof the saide Marshe Landes are nowe holden or are pcell, in Soccage Tenure by Fealtie and one penny rent yerelie to be paid at the Feaste of S* John Baptiste to the said Edmound Cooke his Heires and Assignes for everie Acre of the same, by suche pson and p6ons as are or hereafter shalbee Ten’ntf thereof for all Servies.

The Inclosert shall have One-half

thereof 5

and One-Eighth more for keeping up the Banks for one Year [

free from Tithes for Seven Yeara.

II.

All Bondi or Covenants to the contrary, declared void.

1IL

Commission shall be granted out of Chancery to divide in Severalty all the Lands so inclosed.

IV.

Main Ways for Drift and Carriage.

V.

Not to extend to Erith Marshes.

VI.

Tenure of Lands holden of Edmund Cooke.

9

Gck >ole

738

27° Eliz. c. 28. 1584-5.

Grant by the Clergy of the

Province of Canterbury of a Subsidy of 6s. in the Pound.

Tenor of the said Grant:

Motives for the Subsidy.

Grant of 6s. in the Pound on the Value of all Spiritual Promotions, as rated to the King’s Tenth, under Stat. 16H.VIII. c.3.

but payable on Nine-Tenths only; and not on the First Year after Promotion and compounding for First Fruits;

CHAPTER XXVm. (')

An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargie.

WHERE the Prelattf and Cleargie of the Province of Cantorburie have, for certeine ConsideracSns, lovinglie and liberallie geven and graunted to the Quenes moste Excellent Ma"', a Subsidie of vj s. of the Pounde, to bee taken and levied of all and singuler their Promocftns Spuall within the same Province, duringe the Tearme of three yeeres nowe next ensuinge, in suche certeine manS and forme and with suche Excepcons and Provisions as be specified & conteyned in a certeyne Instrument by them thereof made & delivered unto the Quer ?s Highnes under the Seale of the moste Reverende Father in God John nowe Archebysshoppe of Cant and Primate of all Englande; Whiche Instrument ys nowe exhibited in this present Pliament to be radfied and confirmed ; The Teno' whereof ensueth in these Woordes:

Illustrissime et serenissime in Xpo Principi, et Dne fire dementissime, Due Elizabethe, Dei gra Anglie Frande et Hibnie Regine, Fidei defensor, &c. Johes Divina Providencia Cantuariefi Archiepus totius Anglie Primas et Metropolitanus, onimod obedienciam et subjecdonem, ac felicitatem et salutem, in eo per quern Reges regnant et Principes dominantur: Vestre serenessime Regie sublimitati per presens publicu Instrumentu sive has Iras firas Testimoniales significamus et notum facimus, quod Prelati et Clerus fire Cantuar Provincie in sacra Sinodo Provindali sive Convocacone, Vigore et Aucfe bvis Regii vri in ea pte nobis direcd in Domo Captlari Ecdie vre Cathis divi Pauli London, vicesimo quarto die mensis Novembris, anno Dni mittimo quingenm° octogesimo quarto jam currefi, inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locu usque ad et in decimum sextum diem pntis menss Decembris conrinuata et progata, in Domo Capitlari Ecctie Cathis predci eodem decimo sexto die pntis mens Decembris tdme congregad, pro quibusdam magnis arduis et urgendbus causs per nos eis prepositis, ac inter eos matura delibac&e ponderatis, pro defensione Regnoru et Dominioru vrorum necnon et pro eo£ erga vram Regiam sublimitatem officio, quoddam ultraneu ac spontaneu et voluntariu Subsidiu vre Regie munificencie, unanimi eoru consensu et assensu, dederunt et concesserunt, prout tenore pntis p5i Instrumend (seriem concessionis hfiioi in se -ontinefi) plenius liquet et apparet; humile et obnixe vre Regie Mau supplicantes quatenus hoc eoru subsidiu pro vra solita Clemencia benigne accipiads, ac bene consulere graciose dignemini: Tenor vero dee concessionis de verbo in verbu sequitur, et est talis.

The Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburee, beinge lawfullie congregated and assembled together in a Convocac&n or Synode, consideringe their bounden Dudes to yo' Majestie, their moste naturall and gracious Soveraigne Ladie, and havinge in 'emembraunce the manifolde and ample Benefittf w"1 they daylie receive, not onlie by yo' moste gracious 8r godly Governement, whereby they bee conserved in Peace and Quietnes, and so more able to serve God & intende to their Office and Vocacbn, but also, and that moste cheifelie, by the settinge for the and advauncinge of Goaf moste Holie Woorde and his sincere and trewe Religion in this yo' Realme, and abolishinge of all Forraine Power contrarie to the same} Consideringe also aswell the greate Chardges wherew the yt can not be but that yo' MaUe from tyme to tyme ys lyke to be burthened in defendinge and preservinge this yo' Realme, with other yor Highnes Domynions, and also the greate Chardges wherewith yo' Mau' h;.th byn and ys like to be chardged, by reason of Popishe Mutynies and Attemptf to the Overthrowe of trewe Religion and yor Highnes Estate, as muche as suche Practises eyther coulde or can prevayle: In Consider acon of the Premysses, and for a true Declaration of their bounden Dudes good Hartes and Mindes towardes yor Ma’1", with one uniforme agreament accorde and consente togeather, with moste hartie good will, have gyven and graunted and by these pntes do give & graunte to yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successors, One Subsidie, in manner and forme followinge, That ys to saye: That everie Archebisshopp Bisshoppe Deane Archedeacon Provoste M' of Colledge Prebendarie Parsone and Vycar, and everie other pson and psons of whatsoever Name or Degree he or they bee within the Province of Cantorburie enjoyinge anie Spuall Proinocon or other Temporall Possession to the same Spuall Proinocon annexed, nowe not devided or separated by Acte of Parlyament or otherwise from the Possession of the Cleargie, shall paye to yo' Highnes yo' .Heires and Successors, for everie Pounde that he maye yerelie dispende by reason of the saide Spirituall Promocon, the some of Sixe Shillingf : And for the true and certeine vallewe of all the PmocSns and everie of them whereof the payment of this Subsidie shalbe made, the Rate Taxation Valuacon and Estimation nowe remainynge of Recorde in yo' Ma’"* Co'te of Exchequer, for the payment of perpetuall Disme or Tenthe graunted unto yor Mall" moste Noble Father in the xxvj01 yeere of his Raigne conceminge suche Promotions as nowe be in the Possession of the Cleargie, shall onlie be followed and observed, withowte makinge anie Valluacon Rate Taxac&n or Estymacon other then in the saide Recorde ys nowe comprised: Provided alwayes, That for asmuche as the Tenth Parte of the saide Rate and Valuacon before menconed, is yerelie paide to yo* Highenes for the saide perpetuall Disme, so as there remayneth only Nine Partes yerelie to the Incubent c.lere. This Subsidie of vj s. the Pounde shalbe understanded and meante onlie of everie Pounde of the saide Nyne partes and of noe more: Provided alwayes. That noe pson that is allreadie promoted to anie Benefice or Spirytuall PromocUn, and hathe compounded w,h yo' Matle for the First Fruitf of the same, sythens the second daye of October laste paste, in the yere of o' Lorde God, One thowsande fyve hundreth fowerscore and sower, or that ys or hereafter shalbe

1 From the Original Act; See Note at the beginning of this Year

A.D. 1584^5.

27° Eliz. c.2S.

739

promoted to anie Benefice or Spirituall Fmo£&n, and shall compounde 'with yowre Majesde yo' Heires or Successors for the Firste Fruites of the same, one thisside the seconde daye of October w" shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde One thowsand fyve hundreth fowerecore and seaven, shalbe contributorie or chardged for the same Benefice or Promof&n to yo' Highenes yo' Heires or Successors with anye pte of this Subsidie duringe the firste yeere after the tyme of anye suche compoundinge for his Firste Fruites ; And that everie suche pson alreadie promoted to anie Benefice or Spirituall Promoc&n as hathe compounded with yo' Ma'" for the Firste Fruites of the same, betwene the seconde daye of October in the yeare of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowerecore and three, and the saide seconde daye of October in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundrede fowerecore and sower, shalbe contributorie or charged for the same Promofbn to yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successo*, but onlie with the moytie of the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, in respe&e that the moytie of his First Fruitf for the saide Promoc&n remayned unpaide to yo' Ma"*, the saide seconde daye of October One thowsande fyve hundred fowerscore and sower: And yo' Prelates and Cleargie doe also graunte, that this Subsidie of Sixe Shillingf the Pounde of the Nyne Partes of the yerelie value of everie Promoc&n Spirituall aforesaide within the saide Province taxed as is aforesaide, shalbe paide to yo' Majesde yo' Heires and Successors within three yeeres next ensuinge the Date hereof, in manner and forme followinge. That is to saye, Twoo Shillingf of everie pounde aforesaide in everie of the saide three yeares ; the firste payment thereof to be due at the seconde daye of October nowe next ensuinge in the yere of o' Lorde One thowsande fyve hundreth fowerecore and fyve; And the seconde payment thereof to be due at ths seconde daye of October whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde a thousawnde fyve hundreth fowerscore and sixe; And the thirde payment thereof to be due at the seconde daye of October in the yere of o' Lorde, One thowsande five hundreth fowerscore and seaven ; to be delyvered and payed yerelie, by suche pson and psons as in this present Graunte shalbe appointed to have the Collecc&n thereof, to the Lorde Highe TreasOurer or Under Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beinge, or to suche pson or psons and in suche place or places as shall please yo' Highnes to appoint to be paide, at or before the xxijth daye of Januarie in everie of the saide three yeres, without payinge anie Thinge to the Receyver or to anye other Officer or Persons to be assigned for the Receipte thereof, for any Acquittance or other Dischardge, uppon any suche Payment or Receipte of the saide Subsidie or any parte thereof to be given and delivered, but onlie sower Pence, and that to the Clarke for writinge of everie of the same Acquittauncf or Dischardge for everie of the same Paymentf: Itm, Yo' Highnes saide Prelates and Cleargie also doe graunte, that everie Priest and all other Eccfiasticall psons havinge any Penc&n payeable by yor Ma,k yo' Heires or Successors, by reason of the dissolu£&n of the late Monasteries Colledgf Free Chappelles Chauntries Fraternities Guyldes and Hospitalls, or of anie other Spuall Dignide or Corporac&n nowe dissolved within the saide Province of Caterburie, shall likewise paye to yo' Highnes yo' Heyres and Successors, Sixe Shillingf of everie pounde of the saide Pencons within the saide three yeeres, at suche dayes and tymes as are before specified ; And that for the suer payment thereof, Deducc&n and Detenc&n of the saide Sixe Shillingf shalbe made yerelie in the Handes of the payers of the saide Penc&ns, after the Rate 8c Porcon of Twoo Shillingf the pounde everie of the saide three yeres, to be accompted for and answered to yo' Ma"* Use by yo' Highnes Receyvo" and Officers deputed for the payment of suche Penc&ns, in their severall Accomptes, within the whiche Allowaunce shalbe geven them for their Paymente of everie suche Penc&ns lyable to the severall Paymentf of the saide Subsidie: Itm, Yo' saide Prelates and Cleargie do graunte that everie Priest Stipendarie receyvinge an annuall Stipende beinge no Perpetuytie, of Eight poundes or above, within the saide Province, shall paye unto the use of yo' Highnes yo' Heyres and Successors Sixe shillingf and eight pence in everie of the saide Three yeres, at suche tyme and to suche psons as the saide Subsidie shalbe paide; and for deiaulte of the Paymente of the saide Stipendaries, that everie Pson Vicar or other Spirituall or Temporall pson Proprietarie or Fenner, hieringe anye Preiste or Minister to serve in anye Place, shalbee answerable and chardged for and with the paymente of the saide vj s. viij d. for the saide Prieste or Minister everie of the saide Three yeares, and shall and may make Retenc&n of his and their Wages quarterlye, of so muche as the saide Stipendaries be charged wth by this present Graunte, everie of the saide Three yeeres: Km, Yo' saide Prelates and Cleargie do graunte, that everie Archebysshopp and Bisshopp, and the Sea beinge voyde everie Deane and Chapiter of the Sea voyde, shalbe Collectors of this Subsidie within their proper Dioces duringe the saide Three yeeres, other then of the Penc&ns aforesaide; and the saide Archebisshoppe Bisshoppe, or. the Sea beinge voyde, the Deane and Chapter, shall certifye into yo' Ma*1" Courte of Exchequer, under their Seales, the Names and S'names of all suche Stipendary Priests and Ministere within their Dioces, as be chardgeable by this Acte, at or before the saide xxijlU daye of Januarie yerelie duringe the saide Three yeres: And those Stipendarie Priestes and Mynisters onlie shalbe reputed and taken to be chardgeable by this Acte, whiche shalbe in suche sorte certified, unlesse within three yeres nexte after suche Certificate exhibited, it shalbe justlie pved that some are omytted that ought to have ben certified; And in this case suche and so many other Stipendarie Priests and Ministers shalbe likewise accompted chardgeable by this Acte as within the saide three yeres shalbe so founde to have byn omytted: And yo' saide Prelates and Cleargie do moste humbly beseche yo' Ma*, that yt may be enacted by yo' Mam and yo' Highe Co'te of Parliament (for the speedie payment of the saide Subsidie and to avoyde delaies thereof) that when and as often as any Collecto' or Collecto" chardgeable with the Collecc&n of this Subsidie, or of any parte thereof^ or the Deputie or Deputies of any of them, shall offer the payment thereof or of anye pte thereof to the use of yo' Ma* yo' Heires or Successo'*, to any pson or psons appointed to receyve the same by yo' Highnes or by the saide Lorde Highe Threr, that the saide pson or psons so appointed shall within sower dayes nexte after suche Appointement, receive or cause to be receyved the Money so offred to be paide, withowt anie further delaye, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifienge the Receipte thereof to the saide Collector or his Deputie, uppon everie suche jtticuler paymente: And that everie suche Auditor as ys or shalbe appointed to take or receive the Accompte of anie suche Collector or Collectors, shall within sixe dayes next after request to him to be made, truelie and indifferentlye take the saide Accompte 8c make Allowaunce as by this Graunte is appointed, uppon payne that everie suche pson

Payable in Three Years, ai. each:

Time* of Payment.

Like Subsidy on Penaion* to Priests,

Sc.

6a. 8d. per Ann. on Stipendiary Priest a, at and above.

Bishops, Stc. shall be Collectors;

and shall certify Names of Stipendiary Priests;

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty ^to.

740

27° Eliz. c. 28.

A.D. 1584-5.

Collector! shall have the tame l'owers as for lerying the Tenths, 8cc.

Allowance for Collection,

6d. in the Pound.

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subsidy from him, and Certificate by the Bishop into the Exchequer of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice j

Form of such Certificate:

& psons appointed, [uppon paine that everie suche pson and psons appointed'] to receive the same s5mes or 'somes of Money so offred, and everie suche Auditor shall lose and forfeyte for everie defaulte or delaye to be made to the Collector or Collectors so offringe to make Payment or Accompte as is aforesaide the some of tenne poundes of lawfull Money of Englande; the one moytie therof to be to yor Ma"c yor Heires and Successors, and thother moytie to the saide Collector or Collectors so grieved, the same to be paide uppon Complaint made to the saide Lorde Threr Under Threr or to the Lorde Chief Baron of yo' Mau" Co'te of Exchequer, who uppon suche Complaynte shall presentlie examyn the Matter, and findinge defaulte shall comytt the Offendor to Warde, there to remaine untill he shall have paide the saide severall somes so forfeyted: And for better levienge and recoveringe of the saide Subsidie, yo' saide Prelates and Cleargie doe likewise moste humblie beseche yor Highnes that it may be enacted by yo' Ma" and yo' saide Highe Co'te of Parliament, in manner and forme (That ys to saye); that everie Collector of the saide Subsydie, and of everie pte and parcell thereof, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, may have full Power and Aucthoritie to use all suche Wayes and Meanes and Proces as be prescribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme for the Collecc&n and levienge of the same; and may make accompt thereof before the Lorde Highe Threr or Under Threr of Englande for the tyme beinge, or anie other Officer by yo' Highnes or yo' Co'te of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and in suche place as yo' Mau* likewise shall assigne in suche wise and after suche forme onlie as the saide Archebisshoppe and Bisshoppf be nowe ebardged to make accompte for the saide perpetuall Disme or Tenthe, wherebie ys meante that the lacke and defaulte of Payment of and for any Spirituall Promoc&n or Promoc&ns, shall onlie chardge suche Incubent or Incubentf, and suche others as be bounde to paye the same : And that the Archebisshoppe Bisshoppe Deane and Chapter gatheringe that whiche they can receive and makinge payment thereof, shall for the reste not by them received be dischardged by their Certyficate to be made at or before the twoe and twentith daye of Januarie in everie of the saide three yeeres unto yor Highnes Co'te of Exchequer: And that sixe pence of everie pounde wherewithe the Collector shalbe chardged in his Accompte, clerelie to be payde into the Receipte of yo' Mau" Exchequer, or into suche other place as shall please yo' Highnes to appointe, shalbe allowed to the saide Collector uppon his Accompte for the same in everie of the three yeeres, for the Charges of Collecc&n Portage salfe conveyinge and payinge of the same Subsidies: And moreover that yt may be enacted likewise, that after anie payment of the saide Subsidie shalbe once due by vertue of this Graunte in anie of the saide three yeeres, yf any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promoc&n Spirituall chardged to the Payment of the saide Subsidie, beinge at any tyme after that the 6ame Payment shalbe due lawfullie monished, eyther psonallie or at his Dignitie Stall Churche or Mansyon Howse, by the Archebisshoppe or Bisshoppe of the Dioces or his Deputie or Deputies, or the Deane and Chapter (the Sea beinge voyde,) or by anie their Deputie or'Deputies aucthorized in that Behalfe, to appeare by himself or his Deputie, at a certeine Daye and Place of convenient distaunce to the saide Incumbent then to be signified and prefixed, and then and there to paye suche parte of the saide Subsidie of his Benefice or Promoc&n Spirituall as then by vertue of this Gr*unte shalbe due, do not eyther at the same Daye and Place so to him signified and prefixed, trulie content and paye, or cawse to be contented and paide, the same parte of the saide Subsidie wch then by him shalbe due to be paide unto the same Archebisshoppe or Bisshoppe or to his Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapyter of any Sea beinge voyde, or to their Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them shewinge sufficient Deputac&n from the saide Archebisshoppe Bisshoppe or Deane and Chapyter, under his or their Seale in that behalfe, beinge reddie at the same Daye and Place so signified and prefixed to receive anie Payment of the saide Subsidie then due, and opcnlie demaundinge the same, or els paye the same within sortie daies next after anye suche prefixed daye at the furthest, (so that open demaunde be made of the saide Subsidie in and at the saide Place and Daye before prefixed,) that then everie Incubent so makinge defaulte of Payment of his parte of the saide Subsidie in anie of the saide Three yeres, after suche defaulte thereof certyfied into yor Mau" Exchequer in Writinge under the Seale and Hande Writinge of any Archebisshoppe or Bisshoppe or the Comon Seale of the Deane and Chapiter (the Sea beinge voyde,) chardged w* the Collecc&n of the same Subsidie, so that the saide Certificate shalbe made accordinge to the forme hereafter expressed and exhibited into yo' Ma"" saide Co'te of Exchequer at or before the xxij"1 daye of Januarie in everie of the saide Three yeeres, shall forfeyte and lose unto yo' Majestie yo' Heires or Successors, all the Proffittf whiche of that onlie Dignitie Benefice oi Promoc&n for the whiche he maketh suche Defaulte of Paymente, and whereof suche Certificate shalbe made, shall c5me growe or aryse unto him, (over k above the Chardges of servinge the Cure,) in one whole yere nexte after suche Certificate made k delyvered into yo' Highnes Co'te of Exchequer, and there admitted, in case the same Incumbent shall so longe lyve; and that everie suche Certificate of anie suche defaulte of Payment shalbe made accordinge to the tenor and effecte ensuinge mutatis mutandis : Honorabilibus et egregiis viris, Dno Tftrario et Baronibus de Scaccario Illustrisame Dne nre Dne Elizabethe Dei gra Anglie Franeie et Hibnie Regine, fidei defensoris, &c. Vester humilis, I. pmissione Divina L. Epus, auefe et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliamenti anno regni dee Dne Regine vicesimo septimo editi et provisi, ad colligend et levandu Subsidiu eidem Dne Regine in -eodem Parliamento per Prelatos et Clerum Cantuarien Provincie concession, vidett, pro prima solucoe inde solvenda secundo die Octobris, ultimo preterito, infra Diocesim nram L. deputatus et aucthorizatus, oiodam reverentiam tantis viris debitam cu honore. Vns reverenciiis harum serie anucio et certifico me prefatu Epm, modo quo prefertur deputaf k aucthorizat, sufficienter et cu omni diligentia requisite, per N. O. deputatu meum in hac parte, de quocuque Beneficio et Promotione Eccfiastica in quadam shedula pntibj annexa specificatis, sumis dci Subsidii pro dfis Beneficiis et Promocoibus debitas, pro prima solud&e dci Subsidii debiti solvend dco secundo die Octobris ultimo preterito, prout in eadem shedula pntibus annexa plenius liquet, et apparet;

1 An erroneous Repetition.

I * *■? I * I * * S’ * 1 1

i.D-1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 28.

741

to be annexed.

k.

i

i

i

i

i

i.

i

tl

t

H

t

I

i

I

i

ti

ik

u

II

II

4>

t

Incumbent may tender the Sum due at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Sed dictas sumas ex causis eadem shedula allegatis recipere non potui. In cujus rei Testimoniu, Sigillu meu pntibus apposui. Dat die Anno Dni millcsimo quingentesimo octogesimo quinto. The Forme of *nd Schedule

w* Schedule above menc&ned ensueth: Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibm

monitus suit apud predict die ultimo preterito per N. O. deputatu meutn, ad

solvend apud Ecctiam de L. in com K. die prox sequent, illam partem Subadii per ipum debitam secundo die Octobris ultimo preterito, pro promotione sua predca. Sed predict A. B. nec apud Ecctiam de L. predfam, eodem die nec alibi per quadraginta dies postea, sumam per ipm debitam (ut prefertur) solvit vel

sadsfecit: neque dCam sumam de proficuis dfe promotionis nec de bonis et cattallis ddi A. B. aliquo modo levare give recipere potui. Provided alwayes, that yf any parson or Incubent, chardgeable by this Acte or Graunte to anie Payment of this Subsidie, shall proffer or tender Payment of anye some due to the Archebishop or Bisshopp, or to the Deane and Chapter where the Sea is voyde, or to anie Deputie or Deputies of anie Archebisshop Bisshoppe or Deane and Chapter aforesaide, at anie tyme before the Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaide, that then notwithstandinge the Certificate made as ys aforesaide againste anie suche pson, the saide Incumbent or pson against whome the Certificate was so made, shall and may averr the Offer or Tender of his Payment as is aforesaide;

And of the same shalbe tried eyther by sufficient Witnesses before the Lorde Ttlrer or Barons of the Exchequer, or by the triall of Twelve Men uppon anie Yssue thereuppon to be joyned betwixte the same Incfibente or anie other pson or psons, that he or anie for him did offer or tender the Payment of the some due as is aforesaide, that then everie suche Incubente shall have and enjoye his Promoc&n or Promoc&ns still, withoute forfeytinge or loosinge to yowre Ma,e yo' Heires or Successors anie of the ■Pfittf thereof, and as though no Certificate or Defaulte of suche Payment had byn made or exnibited ; Anie Thinge in this Graunte or Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge

And further, that yt may be enacted likewise that everie Archebisshopp and Bisshoppe, anil Deane and Chapter of Acquittxnce* to everie Sea vacante and other psons chardgeable to and with the Collecc&n of the saide Subsidie of vj s. the Pounde Subedit"toTofd within the saide Province of Canterburie, shall and may have uppon everie Payment of the same Subsidie, made Treaaurer: to the Lorde Highe Threr or Under Ttlrer of Englande for the time beinge, or to suche other pson or psons in place and places to whome and where yt shall please yo' Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the Receipte thereof in everie of the saide three yeeres, a sufficient Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in writinge of the saide Lorde Highe Threr or Under Hirer, or of suche other pson or psons as eyther yo' Highnes or yo' saide Co'te of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipte thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases yt hath bene accustomed, the same Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipte of so muche of the same some of the saide Subsidie as shalbe so receyved; And everie suche Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writing sealed and subscribed wlh the Name or Names of the Lorde Highe Threr or Under Threr for the tyme beinge, or of suche Auditor or other pson or psons as yt shall please yo' Highnes or yor saide Co'te of Exchequer to appointe for the same Receipt f, or of suche others as heretofore in like Cases it hath byn used, shall and may be good and efifcuall in the Lawe, and be also as sufficient Dischardge to all and everie of the saide Collectors, to all suche Intentf Constructions & P'poses, as yf the same were made by Acte of Parliament: And that everie of the saide Collectors Fees thereon shall paye butt onlie three shillingf and sower pence for everie general! and fynall Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est, for everie yeres Payment of the saide Subsidie: And also that everie pticler Acquittaunce w<h uppon Particular payment of anie pte of the saide Subsidie shalbe made by anie Collector or Collectors of the same Subsidie, or of by^Uccton anie Payment thereof, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies in that Behalfe, to anie Incubent of anie Benefice or to Incumbent*. Promoc&n Spuall, or to anie pson or psons contributorie & chardgeable to and with the same Subsydie, or anie pte or payment thereof, shalbe good & efiftuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient Dischardge to everie suche Incumbent, and other Pson, and his Benefice and Promoc&n Spuall, of and for all suche Some and S5mes of Money as by the same Acquittaunce shalbe acknowledged to be receyved, in respecte of the same Benefice or Promoc&n Spirituall, for anie Payment or anie pte of the same Subsydie; And that none Acquittaunce of anie other pson or psons made before suche Certificate, shall in anie wise dischardge anie pson or pmoc&n, for anie pte of this Subsidye, nor of any Paine Penaltie or Forfeyture specified in this Graunte: And to the interne yt may be knowen to the Name* of Deputy Cowrte of Exchequer who be the Deputie or Deputies of everie suche Archebisshopp Bisshoppe or Deane and Chapter, aucthorized to receyve the same, and to make Acquittaunce thereof, everie Archebisshoppe and Bisshoppe, and Deane and Chapter of anie Sea beinge voyde, shall yerelie with yc Certificate of the Names of Stipendarie Priests, certifie the Names of everie the Deputies to be appointed as is aforesaide: Provided alwaies, that no Spirituall Promoc&ns, or No Spiritual anie Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, beinge chardged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterburie, or anie Goodes or Cattelles growinge beinge or renewinge uppon the same, or elswhere apperteyninge Lay Subsidy, to the Owners of the saide Spuall Promoc&ns or to anie of them, shalbe chardged or made contributorie to anie Fieftene or Tenthe, or any other Subsidie alreadie graunted to yo' Highnes by the Laytie, or hereafter to be graunted duringe the Tearme of the saide three yeeres: Provided also, That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Maisters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colledges, or anie of them, within the saide Pvince, shalbe chardged with this Subsidie for those Possessions Revenues and Promotions which to their severall Promo cons Dignities and Romes are derelie and distinctlie lymitted, and to their owne onlie Uses severed, thereof to paye the (the Tenth parte beinge deducted) sixe shillingf of everie full Pounde onlie, w,hin the saide three yeres, in manner and forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Proffittf Porcons Hereditamentf and Spuall Promoc&ns, and everie of them, heretofore by yor Highnes or anie yo' Ma'‘" noble Progenitors, or anie other pson or psons whatsoever, given graunted bequeathed devized or impropried unto the saide Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to anie of them whiche anie waies be assigned iinployed or used, eyther for or towardes the yerelie Mainten*nce of Readers of Divinitie Poore Men Scholemasters Ushers Gramarians Peticanons Conductf Vicars Choral 1 Singinge Men Choristers Vergerers Sextens, or anie other necessarie and dailye Officers or Ministers in suche Cathedrall

Dean*, &c. chargeable for their Promotion!.

Exemption of Revenue! of Cathedrall, 3cc.

*oor, See.

742

27° Eliz. c. 28.

A.D. 1584-5.

Certificate of •uch Rerenuea.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, &c. vested in the Crown under Stat. i Edw. VI. c. 14. or since, as Lands concealed, ike.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, &c.

Benefices not exceeding £6. 13. 4.

Vicarages from s£8- to £10.

Pensions not exceeding £;.

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

or Collegiate Churches or Colledges or anie of them, or for or towardes the reedifienge or repayringe of anie of the same Cathedrall or Colledgiate Churches or Colleges, shall not be chardged with anie parte of this Subsidie; the certeintie of w* Porcbns, aswell chardgeable to this Subsidie as not chardgeable in this behalfe, the Archebisshoppe, or Bisshoppe of the Dioces, or (the Sea beinge voyde) the Deane and Chapter, or anie other to whome the same shall or may apperteine, upon due Searche and Examinabbn, shall certifie under his or their Seale into yo' Highnes saide Co'te of Exchequer at or before the saide xxijUl daye of Januarie in everie of the saide iij"* yeres: Provided alwaies, that everie Pson Vicar or other Spuall PSon payinge anie Pencbn whereof no Allowance is made in the Valuaebn of his Promocbn or Benefice shall and may retaine Twoo Shillingf of everie pounde of everie suche Pencbn everie yere duringe the saide three yeeres to his owne Relief, in considersttin that he is chardged to paye this Subsidie of sixe shillinges the pounde owte of everie pounde of the whole value of his Pmocbn; Anie Coven*nte Graunte or Bande to the contrary notwithstandinge: Provided also and yor saide Prelates and Cleargie doe moste humblie beseche yor Highnes, that it may be enacted by yo' Ma" Aucthoritie and yo' Highe Co'te of Parliament, That where certeine Landes Teiitf Rents Spuall Promocons Tythes Pencons Porcbns Fruitf and other Hereditamentf, latelie belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places & psons Ecclesiastical 1 within the saide Province of Canterburie, whiche were given and assigned to be bestowed and spente in and one findinge and mainteyninge of certeine Chaunteries Anniversaries Obites Lightes Lampes and other like Chardges Intentf and P'poses, of late came into the Handes and Possession of the late Kinge of famous memorie Edwarde the Sixte, be the force of a Statute thereof made in the firste yere of his Raigne, as bie the saide Statute more plainelie appeareth; That the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Bisshopf Deanes or Presidents and Chapters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Eccfiasticall or anie of them, to whome the saide Landes Rentes and other the Premiss or anie of them did latelie appertaine, shall not duringe the saide three yeeres be charged to and with anie payment of Subsidie, of and for that pte or porcbn of Landes Teiitf Rents Spuall Promocbns and other Hereditamentf or anie of them, whereunto the saide late Kinge by force of the saide Statute was intitled. or possessed of, nor of anie yerelie Rentes or Paymentf goinge owte of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other the places and psons Ecdiasticall aforesaide; and that Deduction and Alowaunce thereof be made to them and everie of them accordinglie, in and uppon everie payment of the saide Subsidie, owte of the whole Value Taxacbn and Estimacbn made for the paymente of the saide perpetuall Disme or Tenth remayninge of Recorde in yo' Highnes Co'te of Exchequer, for that Rate & Porcbn of Landes Teiitf Rents Spuall Promocbns and other Hereditamentf and those yerelie paymentf whereunto the saide late Kinge was intitled or possessed of; or w‘h since the makinge of the saide Statute, by reason that they have byn founde as Landes Teiitf Rents Tythes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the late King Edwarde the Sixte, the late Kinge Henrie Theight, from the late Quene Marie, or anie of them, or from yo' Ma"* or otherwise, are severed from the possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaide or of anie of them by force of the Statute premised or anie otherwise: Provided also, That this Subsidie graunted by the Cleargie shall not be demaunded or levied owte of anie Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge, scituate or sett within eyther of the Universities of Cambridge or Oxforde, or anie Benefice Landes or other Revenues unto the saide Universities or eyther of them, or to anie Howse of Students or Colledge in any of the same Universities, united appropriated or apperteyninge or owt of anie Benefice Landes or Revenues of the Colledge of Windesore, or of the Colledge of Westminster beinge of yo' Ma" Foundation, or of the Colledge of Eaton nighe Windesore, or of the Colledge called S* Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by Wittm Wickham sometyme Bisshoppe of Winchester, or of anie Hospitalls Aimes Howses or Grammer Scholes, or of any Churche Benefice or other Revenues, to the saide Colledgf Hospitalls Aimes Howses Aimes Halles or Grammer Scholes or to anie of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayninge: Provided alwaies. That all Psons Vicars and other Eccfiasticall psons whose Benefices are not above Sixe poundes thirtene shillingf and sower pence by yere, after the Taxacbn aforesaide, shall not be chardged with this Subsidie or any pte thereof: Provided also, That everie Vicar whose Benefice is Eight poundes or above and not above Tenne poundes by the yere after the Taxacbn aforesaide, shall paye everie yere of the saide three yeres, onlye Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence for his parte of the saide Subsidie as Sdpendarie Priests be chardged to paye by force of this Graunte and not otherwise j and yf yt be under Eight pounde, he shall not be chardged with anie parte of the saide Subsidie: Provided also, That everie Prieste and all other Eccfiasticall or late Religious psons, havinge a Pencbn by reason of the dissoluebn of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappells Chaunteries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalls, or anie other Incorporafbn within the Province of Canterburie or anie of them, and beinge of the some of Fyve poundes or under and not above, shall not be chardged or chargeable for anie suche Pencbn ; Anie thinge conteyned in this Graunte to the contrarie notwithstandinge. And for the suer and true payment of this Subsidie, graunted by yo' saide Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburye, accordinge to the teno' pporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this present Graunte, Yo' saide Prelates and Cleargie moste humblye desire yo' Highnes that this their saide Guifte graunted, and Subsidie, and everie Matter sdme of Money Peticbn Clause Provisions and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerninge the saide Subsidie, may be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoritie of yo' Highnes Cowrte of Parliamente: In quorum omnifi et singuloru premissoru fidem et testimoniu. Nos Johes Archiepus anteddus, has pntes Iras nras testimoniales, sive hoc presens Publicu Instrumentum, ad humilem rogatu Prelatorfi et Cleri predifi, [Sigillo riro1 ] appesione, ac signo noie et subscripcbe Johis Incent Notarii Publici, Registarii hri principalis, fecimus et jussimus comuniri. Dal dco decimo sexto die mensis Decembris, Anno Dhi mifiimo quingenm" octogesimo quarto, Regniq* vri felicissimi Anno vicesimo septimo, et fire Trans Anno secundo.

1 erroneously for ‘ Sigilli nri ‘

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 28.

743

Wherefore for the true and suer paymente of the Subsidie, graunted by the said Prelates & Cleargie of the saide Such Subsidy Province of Canterburie, accordinge to the Tenor Effecte and true Meaninge of the saide Instrum', Be it Enacted p£{j™^tby by the Quenes moste Excellent Ma"* with the assente of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this accordingly, present Pliament assembled, and by the aucthoritie of the same, That the saide Guifte Graunte, and everie Matter some of Money Petic&n Provision Clawse and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stande and be ratyfied established & confirmed by the Aucthoritie of this present Plyament.

And Futiher be it enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaide, That everie pson that shalbe appointed to the The said Subsidy collecc&n and gatheringe of the saide Subsidie, shall have full power and aucthoritie to levie take and pceyve the gpiritMl'ceniure*, saide Subsidie by the Aucthoritie of the Censures of the Churche, y‘ is to saye, by Suspenc&n Excoicac&n or or by Distress; Interdict, and also by Sequestra c&n of the Fruitf and Proffittf of their Benefices and Promoc&ns Spuall, in Fannero^aVn^ whose Handes soever they be, and to make sale of the same Fruitf, w"‘owte daunger of the Lawes, or by Distress allowed out of their uppon the Possessions of the Farmers or Occupiers of the Landes and Tefitf, chargeable by the saide Instrument expnn Covenant for or to the payment of anie some or somes of Money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discrecon to ,he contriry-of the Collector thereof; And that no Replevie Prohibition or Supsedias shalbe allowed or obeyed for anie pson or psons makinge defaulte of the paymente of the saide Subsidie, contrarie to the teno' of the Graunte thereof, untill suche tyme as they have trulie satisfied and contented all suche pte and porc&ns as to them in that behalfe apperteyneth: And that everie suche Farmer and Fanners, their Executors and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to be chardged to and with the payment of the saide Subsidie or anie pte thereof, shall by the aucthoritie aforesaid, be allowed and reteyne in his Handes as muche of his yerelie Rente and Farme as the some whiche he shall fortune to paye for his Lorde or Leasso' shall extende unto; Excepte the saide Farmer or Farmers their Execuro" or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunte that they have of anie parte of the Landes Tythes Proffitf Tenementf changeable to the saide Subsidie, or by force of anie Coven*nte or Article therein conteyned, be bounde and chardged to paye the same, and thereof to dischardge the Leasso' and Landelorde duringe the Terme mentioned in the saide Lease.

And likewise be it enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That whereas divers Curates liable to gubiidy1 upon this Subsidie beinge oftentymes removable, do serve aswell in divers Impropriac&ns belonginge to the Quenes Malio, as in other Spuall Promoc&ns belonginge to other psons; That for the speedie Recoverie of the saide Subsidie, on the Farmers yt may be lawfull to the Collector or Collectors of the saide Subsidie, their Deputic or Deputies, to levie the saide Subsidie uppon the Farmer or Farmers or Occupiers of all suche Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promotions, by all Censures of the Churche aforesaide and everie of them, or by waye of Distresse of Tythes of the saide Impropriac&n or Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promoc&ns, or otherwise uppon the Goodes and Cattails of the saide Farmer or Farmers and Occupiers, in w* case no Inhibic&n Prohibic&n Replevie or other Proces awarded to the contrarie, shalbe obeyed

Any Lawe Statutf Priviledges or Customes to the contrarie hereof, heretofore made graunted or used or hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrarie in anie wise notwithstandinge.

And that yt may be lawfull to the Collectors, and the Officers and Mynisters of suche Archebisshoppe Bisshoppe jjistreiJ,V^ay be and Deane and Chapter, for not payment of the saide Subsidie after the same shalbe due in anie of the saide appraised and told, three yeeres, to prayse and vallewe the saide Distresse or Distress by twoo indifferent Neighbo" by him to be chosen, and the Distresse or Distress so praysed, to sell, and thereof to deteyne so muche Money as shall amounte to the some payable to the Quenes Ma1", with the reasonable Chardges also of the saide Collecto' susteyned in that behalfe; and the reste of the Money made of the saide Distresse to be delyvered and paide to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That everie Laye pson havinge Spirituall Promoc&n chardgeable by this Acte, and also havinge Temporall Possessions Goodes Cattails and Debtes chardged to the saide Subsidie graunted in this Pliament by the Temporaltie, shalbe taxed chardged and sett for his saide Spuall Pmoc&ns with the Cleargie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattells Reall with the Tempalty, and not otherwise; Anie Thinge before menc&ned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

V.

Lav Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Graunte and Grauntes of all and everie Sub,idy of the some and s5mes of Money, wd‘ hereafter shalbe graunted to the Quenes MaUe by the Cleargie of the Provynce of Province of York Yorke, shalbe of the same strength force & effecte in all Things as the saide Graunte made by the saide Province und«7his°Act'<' of Canterburie; and shalbe taxed certified collected levied gathered and paide accordinge to the teno' forme and effecte of this present Acte of Parliament, to all Intentf Construcf&ns & P'poses, in suche manner and forme as thoughe yt were speciallie playnelie & pticulerlie expressed and rehearsed in this present Acte, by expresse Woordes Tearmes & Sentences in theire severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide. That all Provisoes before rehearsed, conteyned in A, the saide Graunte of the Prelates and Cleargie of the Pvince of Canterburie, and the like of the same Provisoes hereafter in the Grants to be conteyned in the Graunte of the Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Yorke, shalbe good and effectual), and to conhrmtfJ-be observed and kepte in everie Pointe and Article, accordinge to the trewe pporte and meaninge of the same.

Origirval from

744

27° Eliz. c. 29.

A.D. 1584-5.

Motives for this Subsidy;

Grant of Two whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable in Two Years j deducting £6,oca out of each, for Poor Towns, &c.

ir.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of Parliament for the several Shires, &c.

Such Collectors shall be allotted to several Divisions ; and chargeable for the same severally;

CHAPTER XXIX. (■)

An Acte of one entyer Subsidie and Twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltie.

MOSTE gratiowse Soveraigne; Having due Considerac&n (as in dutie Wee are bounde) of manye occasions of late yeres offered, and urgentlie constreynynge yow for defence of bothe yor Ma'f Realmes of England and Irelande, whereby great masse of yo' Ma'f Treasure hathe bene ymployed sythence the laste Contribuc&n by Parliament, and namely, in the Prosecuc&n of the Warres in Irelande ; the Chardges also yo' Ma,le hathe very lately susteyned in the repairynge and furnyshenge w*h all kynde of Munytion, the Castles and Fortes alongest the Sea Co6te, for the better w"standinge of forreyne Invasion, the necessary Provision for Store of all kynde of Munytions Powder and suche like, greater then in the tyme of anye of yor Ma'f Predecesso" hathe bene made ; And the greate porcon of Treasure that hathe bene also sythence the saide Pliament most providentlie and necessarilie ymployed in the preventinge of suche intended notoriouse Attemptf, as manyfestlie tended to the Disturbaunce, or rather to the overthrowenge of the present happie state of this yo' Highnes Realme, beinge suche (throughe the speciall goodnes of God and yor Ma"* provident Govemement) as in the tyme of no one of yor Ma'f Progenyto" hathe bene enjoyed; and wayeng also by 6ondrye things latelie discovered that the malice of the Enemyes of yor Ma'" and this Realme dothe not onlie continewe but daylie encrease, and therefore likelie that the saide Mallice wilbe accompanyed w'b moste daungerowse effects, unlesse the same may be by Gods Goodnes and some pollitique foresight prevented, whiche can in no wise be pformed withowt greate and inestmyable Chargf : Wee therefore yor Ma'f most humble loving and obedient Subjects shoulde shewe o'selves not only moste unthanckfull towards so gratiowse a Soveraigne under whome Wee have enjoyed so many and inestymable Benefytes, but also careles of o' owne safetie, yf Wee should not for the cawses above specyfied make offer unto yor Ma"' to yelde to the uttermoste of o’ power such a Contribucbn as the same woulde requyre; And therefore to shewe o'selves aswell thanckfull towards yo' Ma"*, as carefull to provyde that whiche may be for o' owne safetie. Do with all humylytie present unto yo' Highnes, a Subsidie and Twoe Fiftenes & Tenthes towards yo' Highnes greate Chardges: And for the better Assuraunce and levyeng of this o' smalle Contribuc&n of One Subsydie and Twoe Fyftenes and Tenthes, Wee yo' faithfull and obedient Subjects, doe moste humblie beseche yo' Made that yt maye bee enacted by the authoride of this present Pliament, in maner and forme followenge, that is to saye; That yo'Highnes shall have Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes, to be paied taken and levied of the moveable Goods Cattails and other Things usuall to suche Fiftenes and Tenthes to be contributorie and chardgeable, within the Shieres Citdes Burroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Majesties Realme, in maner and forme aforetyme used; Except the some of Twelve thowsande powndf thereof fullie to be deducted, that is to saye, Sixe thowsande powndf of either of the saide whole Fiftenes and Tenthes, in Relief Comforte and Dischardge of the poore Townes Cytties and Borroughes of this yo' saide Realme, wasted desolate or destroyed or overgreatly impoverished } after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme ben had and made to everie Shier, and to be dyvided in suche maner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fiftene & Tenthe hath bene had and dyvided; And the saide Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes (the Excepcon and Deduction aforesaide thereupon had deducted and allowed) to be paied in maner and forme following, That is to saye; The firste whole Fiftene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be paid to your Highnes in the Receipte of yo' Highnes Eschequer, on or before the fowretenthe daye of June next comyng; And the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in the saide Receipte of yo' Exchequo', on or before the tenthe daye of Maye whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore and syxe.

And Be yt further Inacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That the Knightf elected and retoumed of and for the Shieres within this Realme for this present Pliament, Cyttizens ofCitties, Burgeses of Burroughes and Townes, wheare Colleeto" have ben used to be named and appoynted for the Collection of any Fifteneth and Tenth before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoynt before the tenth daye of Aprill next comynge, sufficient and able psons to be Colleeto" for the Collection of the saide firste Fiftene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenthe daye of Marche whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred fowrescore and fyve, other sufficient and able psons to be Collectors for the Collection of the seconde Fiftenthe and Tenthe in everie of the saide Shieres Cytties Borroughes and Townes; the saide psons then having Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf in theire owne Right of an Estate of Inherit*unce of the yerelie value of Twentie pounds, or in Goods woorth Twoe hundred powndf at the leaste, after suche rate & value as he shalbe rated at in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymytes, and for want of suche so assessed, that those shalbe appoynted Colleeto" that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods nerest to the values aforesaide; And also suche pson and psons so by them to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes, shalbe by them severallie appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citdes Burroughes and Townes; And also the saide persones so named and appoynted for the Collecuon of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes, shalbe severallie chardged and chargeable, upon his or theire Accompte or Accomptf in the Exchequer to bee made, with all suche s5me or somes of Money as the Hundred Rapes Wapentakes Citdes Burroughes & Townes wheare he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amownt unto, and of no more sume or sumes; And upon the payment of suche somes of money as he or they shalbe so charged w,b, shalbe dischardged & have his and theire Quietus est; The not accomptinge or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

Origirral fror

PENN STA1

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c.29.

745

insufficiencie of them or any of them, notw^standinge j And the Names and Surnames of everie of the saide Collecto" for the saide First Fiftene and Tenthe, together w" the places allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide Knightf Cyttizens 8c Burgeses, for the Shires Cytties 8c Burroughes whereunto they be allotted named and retourned, shall certifie before the Quenes Ma"e in her Chauncerie before the tenth daye of Maye next comyng; and likewise the Names and Surnames of everie of the saide Collecto" so to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide seconde Fiftenth 8c Tenthe, together withe the Places allotted to theire Collection & Chardge, the saide Knightf Cyttizens and Burgeses shall likewise certifie into the saide Courte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of Aprill whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsand fyve hundred fowrescore 8c syxe, according to the tenor of this Acte: And yf default of anye suche certyfieng be hadd or made in forme as is aforesaide, then the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande, or Keeper of the Create Seale for the tyme beinge, shall ymediatlie after name and appoynte Collecto" for the Collection of either of the saide Fiftenes and Tenthes, in suche like maner and forme as the saide Knightf of the Shier Cyttizens of Cytties and Burgeses of Burroughes should have don, and as aforetyme hathe bene used; The whiche saide Collecto", and everie of them so to be named and appoynted as is aforsaid, shall have Allowaunce upon theire Accomptf for theire Fees Wages 8c Rewardes for the Collection of the saide Fiftenes and Tenthes, in as lardge maner and forme as anye Collecto' or Collecto" of anye Fiftene and Tenthe have hadd at any season in tyme paste; And that the Barons of the Quenes Exchequer for the tyme beinge, shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde suche processe for the speedie Payment of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes againste the Collecto' or Collecto" of the same, as by theire Discrec&ns shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoride of this present Fliament, That the saide Lorde Chauncello' or Kep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, Knightf of the Shyre, Cyttizens of the Cytties, Burgeses of Burroughes Townes and other Places, having authoritie by this present Acte to nomynate the saide Collecto" of or for the Collection of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes, shall upon theire Nomynac&n and Election had and made, take by authorytye of this p'sent Parliament, sufficient Recognizauncf or Obligac&n of ev’ye peon soe by them to be named, to be bounde to the Quenes Ma"* in the doble some of the s5me of their Collecc&n; and to bee endorsed iippon suche Condic&n, that yf the same Collecto' 8c Collecto" of the saide firste Fyftene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto' or Collectors of the saide seconde Fyftene and Tenth, doe trulye content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma1' in her Receipt of Exchequor for the saide firste Fyftene and Tenthe, att or before the saide xiuj"1 daie of June next comminge, and for the saide seconde Fyftene and Tenthe att or before the saide tenthe daye of Maye w1* shalbe in the yere of our Lorde Gode 1586, so muche of the saide sdme of Money allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n as the same Collector shall have collected and gathered, and doe likewise after the saide xiiij" daie of the saide moneth of June, and the saide tenthe daie of Maye in ev’ye of the saide twoe yeres, contente and paye to the Quenes Ma1" use at the same Receipt of Thexchequo' the Residue of his Collecf&n and Charge, w*in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizaunce or Obligac&n to be voide, or else to stande in his full strengthe and power; w" Recognisaunce or Obligac&n so taken, the same Knightf of the Sheir Citizens and Burgesses, and everie of them takinge anie suche Recogniz’unce or Obligac&n, shall certifie and deliver to the Lorde Threr and Barons of the same Exchequo', before the same xiiij'" daie of June and tenthe daie of Maie in everye of the saide two yeres, uppon payne of forfeitture of tenne powndes to the Quenes Highenes for everye Recognizaunce or Obligac&n soe to be taken 8c not certified; And that everye suche Collecto' upon Request to him made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizaunce or Obligac&n accordinglie, upon payne of forfeiture of twenty powndf to the Quene for his relusall thereof; And that the Ttlrer 8c Barons of Thexchequo' for the tyme beinge, uppon the payment of the same Collecc&n at the saide Daies, shall cancell and deliver the saide Recogniz’unce or Obligac&n to the saide Collecto' or Collectours w"*out anye other Warrant, and withowt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paide to anye pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and waightie Consideraeons aforesaide, Wee the Llf Spirituall 8r Temporally and the Commons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, Doe by our like Assente, and Aucthoritie of this Parliament, gyve and graunt to your Highnes o' saide Sov’aigne Ladye the Quenes Ma"' yo' Heires and Successors, One entier Subsedye, to be rated taxed levyed and paide att two sev’all Paymentf, of everye p6on Spirituall 8c Temporal!, ol what Estate or Degree he or they be of, acco'dinge to the teno' of this Acte, in manno' 8c forme followinge, That is to saie; Aswell of everye pson borne w"*in this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Domynions, as of all and everye Fraternitie Guylde Corporac&n Mistery Brothernoode 8c Comunaltye, corporated or not corporated, w,uin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Dominions, beinge worthe Three powndes, for everye pounde aswell in Quoyne and the Value of everye pounde that everie suche Pson Fraternitye Guilde Corporac&n Misterye Brotherhoode 8c Comunaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or their owne or anie other to his or their use, as alsoe Plate Stocke of Marchandise all man hi of Corne 8c Graine Houshold stufie and of all other Goods moveable, aswell w,hin this Realme as without, and of all suche somes of money as to him or them is or shalbe owinge, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience suerlye to be paide, Except and out of the phnisses deducted suche somes of money as he or they owe, and in his or their conscience intendeth trulie to paie. And except alsoe the Apparrell of everie suche psons their Wyves and Children belonginge to theire owne Boddies; Savinge Jewellf Golde SilV Stone and Pearle, shall paie to and for the first payment of the saide Subsidye, xxd. of everie pounde, and to 8c for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidye, xij d. of everie powmlc: And alsoe everie Alien and Straunge' borne out of the Quenes obeisaunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabitmge w"'in this Realme, of everie pounde that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of everie pounde in Plate Corne Graine ufehandize Howsholde stuffe or other Goods Jewellf Cattellf moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaide, as well w^in this Realme

and their Names certified into Chancery

or in Default, such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor 1

Their Allowance

Process against them.

III. Collectors shall enter into Recognisances for due Payment of the Subsidies.

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty ; via. Of Subjects, above

is. 8 d. per Pound for the first Payment, and is. for the Second.

On Aliens, 5s. 41). for the first Payment, and is. for the Second.

9D

746

27° Eliz. c. 29

A.D. 1584-5.

Poll T»I OB Alien! not liable to Subsidy,

4-d. e»ch Payment.

V.

Subsidy on Land* of lor per Annum and upwards, by Two Payments, viz. On Natives, as. 8d. and is. +d.

On Aliens,

S*. 4d. and at. 8d.

VI.

Proportional Rates] Exceptions

Mode of rating Personalty, 8cc.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, &c.

as w‘kout, and of all somes of Money to him or them owinge, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience to be paide, Except and owte of the same ^misses deducted, everie suche some or somes of Money w* he or they doe owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend trulye to paie, shall paie of and for everye pounde, to and for the first payment of the saide Subsidye iij s. iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidye ij s. of everye pownde: And also that everie Alien and Straunge* borne owt of the Quenes Domynions, beinge Denizen or not Denizen, not beinge contributory to anye the Rates abovesaide, and beinge of the Age of vij yeres or above, shall paie to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidye, iiij d. for everie Pole; And the M' or he or she w* whome the same Alien is or

shalbe abidinge att the tyme of the Taxac&n or Taxatilns thereof, to be charged w* the same for lack of

payment thereof.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthorytye aforesaide, That everie pson borne unde the Quenes Obeysaunce, and everie CorporatiJn Fratemide Guilde Misterye Brotherhoode and Chminallye, Corporate or not Corporate, for

everye pounde that everye of the same psons, and everye Corporation Fraternitye Guilde Mysterie Brotherhoode St

Cominalde Corporate or not Corporate, or anye other to his or their use, hathe in Fee simple Fee taile, for tearme of Lyfe, terme of Yeres, by Executi&n Wardeshipp or by Copye of Courte Rolle, of and in anye Honors C.astellf Manno" Lands Tenentf Rents fvicf Hereditamentf Annuyties Fees Corrodies or other yerelye Pffyttf of the yerelie value of xx" shillingf, aswell w""in auncient Demesne & other Placf privilidged as else where, & soe upwarde, shall paie to and for the firste payment of the said Subsidie, two shillingf viij d. of and for everye pounde; and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, xvj d. of and for everie pounde: And everye Alien Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Quenes Obeisaunce, in suche case to paie, at the firste of the saide paymentf, vs. iiijd. of everie pounde; and att the seconde payment, ij s. viij d. of Sc for everie pounde.

And that all somes psented and chargeable by this Act, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tehtf and other the pmisses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at either of the saide paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Portion accordinge to the true meaninge of this Act; (Lands and Tents chargeable to the Dysmes of the Clergie, and yerelie Wags due to Servauntf for theire yerelie Service, other then the Quenes fvauntf takinge yerelie Wages of fyve pounds or above, onlie excepted and foreprised:) And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debts and Cattelif Psonallf, beinge in the Rule and Custodie of anie pson or psonns to the use of anye CorporatiJn Fratemide Guilde Misterye Brotherhoode or anye Cominalde, beinge Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, at the valewe certified by the psente's of that Cerdficate of everie pounde in Goods and Debts as is abovesaide, And of everie pounde in Lands TeStf Annuyties Fees Corrodies and other yerelie Proffittf as is abovesaide, and the somes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed, to be levyed and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Landea as is before rehersed; And the same p6on or p6ones and Bodie Corporate, by Aucthoride of this Acte, shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or oughte to have the same att the tyme of the payment or deliverye thereof, or att his otherwise depture from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and alwaies foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of this Subsidye, all Goods Cattelif Jewellf & Ornamentf of Churches and Chappellf, wch have byne ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the hono' and s'vice of Almighde God.

VII Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

to be paid as well within Liberties at without:

[See f XXXI.]

And the firste payment of the saide Subsidie 6halbe by aucthoride aforesaide, taxed sessed and rated accordinge to this Acte, in everye Shiere Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Boroughe Towne and everye other Place within this Realme of Englande and Wales & other the Quenes Dominions, before the tenthe of June next comminge ; And the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie shalbe by the Aucthoritie aforesaide, taxed assessed and rated before the twendth daie of Septembe' w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1586; And the pricule' somes of everie Sheire Ridinge Boroughe Towne & other Placf aforesaide, with the pticule' Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the saide Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Commissioners to the same to be lymited or two of them at the leaste, w* the Names of the Highe Collecto's, and in the same fourme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequo' before the tenthe daie of Julie next cmominge : & the pdcular somes of everye Shire Ridinge Boroughe Towne & other Placf aforesaide, w* the pticule' Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the saide Subsidye, to be taxed and sett, by CommyssioSs to the same to be lymyted or ij of them at the leaste, w* the Names of the Highe Collecto's, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequo' before the xij" daye of Octobe', wdl shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God 1586; And the saide somes, in forme aforesaide to bee taxed to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, shalbe paide into the Quenes Receipt of her Exchequo' aforesaide, to the use of bur saide SoPaigne Ladie, at or before the xx,h daie of Octobe' next comminge; And the saide somes in manner and forme aforesaide, to be taxed for the seconde payment of the saide Subsydie, shalbe paide into the Receipt aforsaide, to the use aforesaide, before the xx* daie of Novembe' w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1586. And the somes abovesaide of & for the saide Subsidie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed and paide to the use of o' saide So&aigne Ladie her Heires and Successo's in forme abovesaide, aswell within the Libties Fraunchesies Saunctuaries auncient Demaane and other whatsoev* Placf, exempt or not exempt, as without; Except suche Shieres Places and Psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this psent Acte; Anye Graunt Charte' Inscription Use or Libtie by reason of anie Letters Pattentf, or other Pryvilidge inscription Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matte' of Discharge, heretofore to the contrarye made graunted used or obteyned, notwithstandinge.

PENN STATI

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 29.

747

And it is furthe' enacted by the Aucthoritie of this psent Parliam', That everie suche peon, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeisaunce, as every othe' pson Straunge' borne, Denizen or not Denizen, inhabitinge wttin this Realme or w^n Wales or othe' the Quenes Domynions, w* at the tyme of the saide Assessing? or TaxafiSns or of eithe' of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme or out of Wales, & have Goods Cattellf Land? or Tent? Fees or Anilities or othe' Pffitt? w^in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable so' the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitauntf of the place where suche Goods Cattellf Lands Tents or othe' the pmisses then shalbe, or in such othe' place where suche pson or his Facto' Deputie or Attorney shall have his moste resorte unto w,hin this Realme or in Wales, in like manne' as if the saide pson were or had byn at the tyme of the saide Assessinge w"4n this Realme; And that everie pson abidinge or dwellinge w^in this Realme or w^out this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsydie graunted by this Acte, accordinge and after the Rate of suche yerelie substaunce or value of Lands and TeStf Goods Cattells and othe' the pmisses, as everye pson soe to be charged shalbe sett att, att the tyme of the saide Assessinge or TaxacSn upon him to be made, and none otherwise.

And Furthe' be yt enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaide. That for the sessinge and orderinge of the saide Subsidie to be dulie had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Keepe' of the Greate Seale, the Lorde Tftrer of Englande, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Maf Houshoulde, the Lorde Admirall of Englande, the Lorde Chamberleine of the Quenes moste honorable Houshoulde for the tyme beinge, or two of them att the leaste, whereof the Lorde Chauncelo' of Englande or Keepe' of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and maie name and appointe, of and for everie Sheire Rydinge and othe' Placf aswell w,uin this Realme as in Wales and othe' the Quenes Domynions, as also of and for everye Citye and Towne beinge a Cowntie of yt self, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certen nombe' of psons of everie of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wight, and everie other place as they shall thinke convenyent, to be Commissione's of and within the same place, wherof they be Inhabitauntf ; And alsoe of and for the honourable Houshoulde of the Quenes Ma’1*, in what Sheire or other Place the saide Houshoulde shall happen then to be; and the Lorde Chauncelo' or Lorde Keeper of the Greate Seale, and other w,b him before named, or two of them as is aforesaide, in like man8 maie name and appointe of everie other suche Boroughe and Towne Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales, and othe' the Quenes Dominions, as they shall thinke requisite, sixe fyve sower three or two of the heade Officers, and othe' honest Inhabit'untf of everie of the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes Corporate, accordinge to the numbe' and multytude of the people beinge in the same; The w* psons, yf anie suche bee therunto named of the saide Inhabitauntf of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as Commissioners w,h the psons named for suche Sheires & Ridingf as the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate not beinge Counties in themselves, be sett and have their beinge; W* psons soe named for and of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Counties, by reason of their dwellinge in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put anye parte of their Commission in execuc&n for the p>misses owte of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be soe named onlie; nor to execute the same Commission within the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be soe dwellinge, but at suche daies and tymes as the saide other Comissione's for the same Sheire and Rydinge shall thereunto lymitt and appointe, w^in the same Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beinge Countie Corporate whereof they be soe named, and not out of suche Boroughe or Towne; And in that mann! to be aydinge & assistinge w,h the sayde other Comissioners in and for the good executinge of the effect of the saide Comission; upon paine of every of the saide Comissioners, soe named for every suche Citie Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beinge a Countie, to make suche Fyne as the saide other Commissioners in the Comission of and for the same Sheire or Rydinge soe named, or Three of them att the leaste, shall by their discretion sett and certifie into the Quenes Exchequo', there to be levied to the use of the Quenes Ma*', in like man8 as yf suche or like somes had ben sett & rated upon everie suche pson for the saide Subsidie; The w'h Comissioners soe named, of and for the saide Cytyes Boroughes and Townes not beinge Counties, and onlie put into the saide Comission by reason of their dwellinge in the same, shall not have anie pte of the porctin of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comissioners and their Clarkf in this Acte afterwarde specified and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncelo' of Englande or the Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the

tyme beinge, shall make and direct out of the Court of the Chauncerye under the Greate Seale, severall

Comissions, That is to saie. For everie Shier Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cytie Towne Boroughe Isle and

Houshoulde, unto such pson and psons as by his discrecion and anye of the other w,h him before named and

appointed, as is before rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessinge and levyinge of the saide Subsidie in all Sheires and Places accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte; Wch Comission for the firste payment of the saide Subsidye, shalbe directed and delivered to the saide CSmissioners or to one of them before the sixtenth daie of Aprill next cominge; And the Commission for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be directed and delivered to the saide Comissioners or to one of them before the syxe and twentith daie of Julie, w^ shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God 1586; And to everie of the saide Commissions, Tenn Scedules, conteyninge in them the Tenor of this Acte, shalbe affyled; By the wch Comission the ComissioSs in everye suche Comission named accordinge to this Acte, and as manye of them as shalbe appointed by the sayde Comyssion, shall have full Power and Authoritie to put the Effecte of the same Comission in Execucion: And that by aucthoritie of this Acte, after suche Comissions to them directed, they maie by their Assent? and Agrement? sever themselves for the execufbn of their Comission, in Hundred? Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places w*in the lymitt? of their saide Comission, in suche forme as to them shall seme

VIII. Rating of Absentee! and others, according to Assessments, fcc.

IX.

Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, See.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations)

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

748

27° Eliz. c. 29.

A.D. 1584-5.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

X.

Commissioners shill act without Favour, ice.;

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, tec. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

XI.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to such Subsidies; on Penalty of

Charge of the Commissioners to such Inquirers;

expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comuned and agreed, accordinge to the teno' and effecte of the Comission to them therm directed, upon w1*1 severaunce everie pson of this Psent Parliament that shalbe Comissione' shalbe assigned into the Hundred where he dwelleth: Provided alwayes, That noe pson be or shalbe compelled to be anye ComissioS to and for the Execuc&n of this psent Acte, but onlie in the Shire where hee dwelleth and inhabiteth ; And that anie pson assigned to the contrarye thereof in anye wise, shall not be compelled to put in Execucon the effecte of this Acte or anie pte thereof.

And yt is alsoe enacted by the aucthoride of this psent Pliament, That the Comissioners and everie of them wch shalbe named lymited and appointed accordinge to this Acte to be Comissioners, in everie suche Shiere Ridinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cide Towne Boroughe Isle and the saide Houshoulde or anie other place, and none other, shall trulie effectuallie and diligentlie for their parts execute the effecte of this psent Acte accordinge to the Tenor thereof in everie Behalfe, and none otherwise by anie other meanes, without Omission Favour Dreade Mallice or any other Thinge to be attempted or done by them or anie of them to the contrarie thereof: And the saide Comissioners or as manye of them as shalbe appointed by the saide Comission, and none other, for the Execuc&n of the saide Comission and Act, shall for the Taxac&n of the saide firste payment of the saide Subsidie, before the sixe and twendth daie of Aprill next cominge, and for the Taxac&n of the saide seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, shall before the eighte and twentith daie of Auguste, wch shalbe in the yere of ou' Lord God 1586, by vertue of the Comission delyvered unto them in forme aforesaide, direct their severall or joynte pcept or pceptf unto eight seaven sixe fyve sour three or two, as for the number of the Inhabitauntf shalbe requisite, of the moste substandall discrete and honest p6ons Inhabitauntf, to be named by the 6aide Commissione's or by as manie of them as shalbe appointed by the saide Commission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parrishes Townes and other Places, aswell w""in. Liberties Fraunchises Auncient Demesne Placf exempted and Sanctuaries as w^out, w^in the lymyttf of the Sheires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesaide, and other Placf within the lymittf of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailifff and other like Officers & Ministers of everie of the saide Hundreds Townes Wardes Lathes Wapentakes Parrishes and other Places aforesaide, as to the saide Commissioners and everie nomber of them or unto three or two of them by their discrecion in division shall seme expedient, as by the mann! and use of those parties shalbe requisite; Straigtlie by the saide pcept charging and commaundinge the saide Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesaide, to whome suche pcept shalbe soe directed, to appeare in theire pper psons before the saide Comissioners or suche numbe' of them as they shall devide themselves, accordinge to the teno' of the saide Comission, att certeine daies & placf by the saide Comissionne's or any number of them as is aforsaide, w"*in Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate, or w"out, in anye other Placf as is aforesaide, by theire discrecion shall be lymitted thereunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the ptie of the Quenes Majestie shalbe enjoyned touchinge this Acte; Commaundinge furthe' by the same pcept, that he to whose Handes suche pceptf shall come, shall shewe and deliver the same to the other Inhabitauntf or Officers named in the same pcept; And that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, uppon paine of fortye shillingf to be forfeited to the Quenes Ma'".

And it is further ordeyned by the aucthorytie of this psent Parliament, That at the said daie and place pfixed and lymitted in the saide Precept, everie of the Comissioners then beinge in the Shiere, and havinge noe sufficient excuse for his absence, at the daie and place prefixed for that parte wherunto he was lyymited, shall appeare in his pper pson ; and theire the same Comissione's beinge present, or as manye of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma*1" Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them the saide Inhabitauntf and Officers to whome they have directed their saide pceptf, and wcb had in commaundement ther to appere by vertue of the saide Precept; And yf anye pson soe warned make defaulte, unlesse hee then be letted by sycknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett then bee wyttnessed by the Othes of two credible psons. Or yf anie appearinge refuse to serve in forme followinge, then everie suche pson soe makinge default or refusinge to serve, shall forfytt to the Quenes Ma"' sortie shillingf ; and soe at everie tyme appointed by the saide Comissioners for the same Taxac&n, unto suche tyme the number of everie suche psons have appeared and certified in forme unde' written, everie of them soe makinge defaulte or refusinge so to serve, shall forfeite to the Quenes Ma,le sortie shillingf : And uppon the same Appearaunce had, they shalbe chardged before the Comissioners by all convenyent waies & meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) to enquire of the best and moste value of the Substaunce of everie pson dwellinge and abidenge within the lymittf of the Placf that they shalbe charged w,h, and of other wch shall have his or their moste resorte unto anye of the saide Placf, and chargeable w,h anie some of Money by this Acte of this saide Subsidie, and of all other Things requisite touchinge the saide Acte, and accordinge to the intent of the same ; and therupon as nere as yt maie be, or shall come to theire knowledge, w^out respecte of anie former Taxac&n heretofore had, trulie to psent and certifie before the saide Comissioners, the names and surnames and the best and uttermost substaunce and valewes of everie of them, aswell of Lands Tents and other Heredytamentf Possessions and Proffyttf as of Goods Cattellf Debts and other Things chargeable by the same Acte, w^out anie Concealement Love Favo' Affecc5n Dreade or Mallice, uppon paine of forfeiture of Fyve pownde or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this psent Acte shall be lymitted or appointed: And thereuppon the saide Commissione's shall openlie theare reade or cawse to be redd unto them, the saide Rates in this Acte mencioned, and openlie declare the effecte of theyr charge unto them, in what manne' and forme they ought and shoulde make their Certificate, accordinge to the Rates and Somes thereof abovesaide, and of all manS of persons, aswell of Aliens and Straungers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabitinge within this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne unde' the Quenes Obeisaunse chargeable to this Acte, And of

Original fr

PENN SX

by Gck >glc

1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 29.

749

the Possessions Goods and Cattellf of Fraternities Guilds Corporafbns Brotherhoodes Misteries Cominalties & other as is abovesaide, and of psons beinge in the parties of beyonde the Seas, havinge Goods and Cattellf Landes or Tenementf w,hin this Realme as is aforesaide, and of all Goods beinge in the Custodie of anie pson or psons, to the use of anie other as is abovesaide; By the w® Informac&n and shewinge, the saide psons shoulde have suche plaine knowledge of the true interne of this present Acte, and of the manS of theyr Certificate, that the same psons shall have noe reasonable cause to excuse them by Ignorauncie: And after suche Charge, and the Statute of the saide Subsidie, and the manne' of the saide Certificate to be made in Writinge, conteyninge the Names and Surnames of everie pson, and whether he be borne w'Nrnte the Quenes Obeisaunce or w^in, and the best value of everie peon in everie Degree, aswell of the yearelye value of Lands and Tenementf and of suche like Possessions and Pffittf, as the value of Goods and Cattellf Debts and everye tnynge to their Certificate requisite and necessarie to them declared, the saide Comissione's ther beinge shall by their discretions appointe and lymytt unto the saide p6ons, another daie and place to appeare before the saide Commissioned, and charginge the saide psons that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent Inquirie by all waies and meanes of the p>misses; and then and theare everie of them, uppon payne of forfeiture of Fortie Shillingf to the Quenes Ma"*, to appeare at the sayde newe pfixed

daie and place, there to certifie unto the saide Commissioners in writinge accordinge to theyr saide Charge, and

accordinge to the true intent of the saide Graunte of Subsidie, and as to them in manne' aforesaide hath byn declared and shewed by the Comissioners: At w® daie and place to them fPfixed, yf anie of the saide psons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the saide Certificate, that then everie of them so offendinge, to forfeyte to the Quenes Ma1* Fortie Shillingf; Except ther be a reasonable excuse of his defaulte, by reason of sycknes or otherwise, by the Othes of two credible psons ther witnessed : And of suche as appeare readie to make Certificate as is aforsaide, the said Comissioners ther beinge, shall take and receive the same Certificate and everie pte therof, and the names values and substance of everie pson soe certified; and if the same Comissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examine the saide fPsenters thereof, and theruppon the saide Comissioners at the saide daies and place, by theyr Agrement amongest themselves, shall from tyme to tyme ther openlie {Pfixe a daie at a certen place or places w^n the Lymittf of their Comission by their discrecion, for their further pceedinge to the saide assessinge of

the same Subsidie: And therupon at the daie of the saide Certificate as is aforsaide taken, the same Comissioners

shall make their Precept or Preceptf to the Constables Subconstabellf Bailifff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforsaide, as the same Comissioners shalbe of, comprisinge and conteyninge in the saide p>cept the Names and Surnames of all psons psented before them in the saide Certificate, of whome yf the saide Comissioners, or as manie of them as shalbe thereuppon appointed by the Quenes Comission, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattellf or Somes of Money owinge to them, or other substaunce beforesaide, then upon suche pson or psons [so 1 3 certified and specified as aforesaide, the same Comissioners shall make theyr pcept or preceptf, directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, commaundinge the same Constable Bailifff or other Officers to whome suche Preceptf shalbe directed, to warne suche psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide pceptf, at their Mancions or to their psones, that the same persons named in suche Preceptf and everie of them, shall psonallie appeare before the saide Comissioners at the same newe pfixed daie and place, there to be examined by all waies and meanes, (other then by corporall Othe,) by the saide Comissioners, of their gretest substance and best value, and of all and everie somes of Money oweng to them, and other whatsoever matter concerninge the premisses or anie of them accordinge to this Acte: At wch daie and place soe prefixed, the saide Comissioners then and their beinge, or as manie of them as shalbe theruppon appointed by the Quenes Comission, shall cause to be called the saide psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide Precept as is aforesaide, for their examinacion; And if anie of those psons wdl shalbe warned as is aforsaide to be examined, w* at anye tyme after the warninge and before the prefixed daie shalbe w,hin suche place where he maie have knowledge of his saide Apparaunce to be made, make default and appea/e not, unlesse a reasonable cause or ells a reasonable excuse by the Othes of two credible psones before the saide Comissioners be trulye alledged for his discharge, that then everie of them soe makinge defaulte, to be taxed and charged to the Quenes Ma*, w" and at the doble somes of the Rate that he shoulde or ought to have byn sett att, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substaunce upon hym certified yf he had appeared, by the discretion of the ComissioSs ther beinge; W* Comissionis shall travell wth everie of the other psons soe then and there appearinge, whose names shalbe expressed in the saide p*cepte or f?ceptf, and in whome anie vehement suspect was or shall be had in forme abovesaide, by all suche waies and meanes as they can, (other then by corporall Oathe,) for the better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, either ells in Goods or Debts. And that everye Spiritual! pson at either of the saide Taxations of the saide Subsidie shalbe rated and sett, accordinge to the Rate abovesaide, of and for everie pounde that the same Spirituall person or any other to his use hath by Discent Bargayne or Purchase, in Fee Symple Fee Taile Tearme of lyfe Tearme of yeres by Execuc&n by Wardeshippe or by Copie of Courte Rolle, in anie Mannors Lands Teiitf Rents Servies Offices Fees Corrodies Annuyties or Hereditamentf, after the trewe just and yerelie value therof, and accordinge as other the Quenes Ma'f Subjects borne within this Realme, bee charged in forme above remembered, so that it extende to the yerelie value of Twentie Shillingf or above.

And yt is further enacted, That if the saide Taxors or Assessors shall not dulie behave themselves in theire Inquirie Taxacbn Assessement or Certificate, but shall affecc6natlie corruptlie or parciallie demesne themselves in that behalfe, in suche wise that the Comissioners shall by their Consideracbn deine them Offendors worthie of punishement for not doinge their Duties therin, That then sower or more of the Comissioners in that Countie for this Subsidie, shall have power and aucthoritie by their discrecion, either to charge the saide Assessors upon their corporall Othes for

1 erroneously for • shall be ’

9 E

Further D17 shall be niren to bring in Certificate*, by *uch Inquirer!;

Penalty of 4c*. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiring Certificate* and making Assessments

Summoning Partie* underrated t

Partie* not appearing shall be rated Double;

Partie* appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

Rating Spiritual Person* for their Lay Poueuion*.

XII.

Commiuionert may fine Aueuor* for Neglect, fire, not exceeding*£io,&c.

Gck »ole

75 0

27° El i z. c. 99.

A.D. 1584-5,

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Parties.&c. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XIII. Parties shall be rated where dwelling, See.

Commissioners, within Shires; Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, 8tc.

Relief against Double Charges.

XIV. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced j

the better service aforseaide in that behalf, or else by their discrecions to taxe and sett upon everie of the saide Assessors for their Misdemeanors in that behalf, suche a Fyne or Paine as they shall thinke good, soe that yt exceede not the s5me of Tenne poundes; And the same Fyne or Paine at their discrecions to estreat into the Courte of Exchequo'; everie w1* Fyne soe taxed and sett by fowr of the saide Commissioners or more, and beinge estreated w*. the Scedule and Bookes of that lymitt, shalbe levyed and aunswered to the Queues use, in like manner and forme to all intentf and purposes as anie other somes that shalbe taxed and become dewe by vertue of this Statute and Acte of Subsidie, and not in anye other wise or manner: And yf anye pson certified or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether hee bee a Comission! or other, to anie manner of valewe, dothe finde hymself greived w* the same psentement sessinge or taxinge, and therupon complayne to the Comissioners before whom he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxacion be certified into the Court of Exchequo', That then the saide Commissioners, or two of them, shall by all waies and meaues, examyn pticularlye and distinctlie the peon so complayninge, upon his Othe, and other his neighbors by their discrecions, of everie his I.andf and Tenementf above specified, and of everie his Goods Cattallf and Debts above mencyoned; And after due examina&n and pfect knowledge thereof hadd and pceived by the saide Comissioners, or two of them which shall have power by aucthoritie aforsaide, the saide Comissioners or two of them to whome anie suche Complainte shalbe made, by their discrecion, uppon the Othe of the saide pson soe complayninge, maie abate defalk increase or enlarge the same Assessememf accordinge as yt shall appeare unto them just upon the same Examinac&n; And the same some soe abated defalked increased or inlarged, shall be by them estreated in forme as heareaffer ensueth: And if yt be prooved by wittnesses or by the plies owne Confession, or other lawfull waies or meanes, w,hin a yere after anie suche Othe made, that the same pson soe taxed and swome was of anie better or greater valewe in Lands Goods or other Things above specified at the tyme of his saide Othe, then the same pson soe swome did declare upon his saide Othe, that then everie suche pson so offendinge shall loose & forfeite to the Quenes Ma"* soe moche lawfull Money

of Englande as he the same p6on soe sworne was sett at or taxed to paie.

And alsoe it is enacted by the same Aucthoritie, That everie pson to be rated at the saide Taxac&n as is aforsaide, shalbe rated taxed and sett, and the same on him sett, to be levyed at suche Place where he and his Familie at the tyme of the same Presentment to be made, shall keepe his House or Dwellinge, or wher he then shalbe most conversaunt abidenge or resiant or shall have his moste resorte at the tyme of the saide Certificate to be made, & noe where eke: And that noe Co mission! for this Subsidie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shiere or other Place where he shalbe Commission!: And that if anye pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessinge, happen to be owte of this Realme or out of Wales or farr from the

Place where he shall be knowne, then he to be sett wher he was laste abydinge in this Realme or w*in Wales,

and after the substaunce valewe and other pffittf of everie pson, to be knowne by the Examinac&n Certificate or other manne' of wise as is aforesaide: And that the saide Comissioners, or as maney of them as shalbe appointed by the Quenes Ma*f Comission or Comissions, shall after the Rate and Rates aforesaide, cause everie pson soe to be sett rated and taxed accordinge to the Rate of the substance and valewe of his Lands Goods Cattellf and other pffitf chargeable by this Acte, wherbye the greatest or moste beste some or somes accordinge to his moste substaunce by reason of this Acte might or maie be sett or taxed : And that everie pson taxed in anie Countie or Place other then where he is most resiaunt or hath his Familie, (’) in anie Countie or Place other then where he is a Comissione' for this Subsidie yf he be a Commissione', upon Certificate made to the saide Courte of Exchequo', under the Hands and Seales of two Comissioners for this Subsidie in the same Countie or Place where suche pson is most resiaunt or hath his Familie, or where he is a Comissione' for the Taxac&n and Payment of this Subsidie, testifyinge suche his moste Resiauncye havinge of Familie or beinge a Comissione', shalbe a sufficient Discharge for the Taxac&n of that person in all other Placf, and of and for all other somes of Money upon suche persons soe sett and taxed, save onlie the Taxac&n made in that Countye or Place from w* suche Certificate shalbe made as is aforsaide, and for the some of Money upon suche psons there assessed or taxed; And that suche Certificate, w"out anye Plea or other Circumstaunce, shalbe a sufficient Warraunt, aswell to the Barons and Auditor and Auditors of the saide Courte of Exchequo' as to all and everie other Officers to whome the Allowans therof shall apperteyne; payinge for suche Discharge & Allowaunce onlie sixe pence and noe more.

Provided alwaies, That everie suche psonn w* shalbe rated or taxed accordinge to the entent and trewe meaninge of this Acte, for payment of and to this Subsidye, for and after the yerelye valewe of his Lands Tents and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at anye of the said taxac&ns, shall not after be sett and taxed for his Goods and Cattallf or other moveable Substaunce at the same taxac&n; And that he that shall be sett charged or taxed for the same Subsidie for his Goods Cattallf and other moveables at anye of the saide Taxaf&ns, accordinge to the trewe meaninge of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and pffittf abovesaide at the same Taxac&ns or anie of them; Nor that anie pson by anye Taxac&n be doble charged for the said Subsidye, nor sett or taxed at severall Placf by reason of this Acte; But yf anye pson happen to be dooble sett taxed or charged, either in one place or at severall placf, then he to be discharged of the one taxac&n and charged w* the other, accordinge to the meaninge and interne of this Acte; Anie thinge conteyned in this plsent Acte to the contrarye notw^standinge.

And that it be ordeyned & enacted by the saide Aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That noe p6on havinge two Mansions or two Placf to resorte unto, or callinge hymself houshoulde Servaunt or waytinge Servaunt to the Quenes Ma1* or other Lorde or Ladye Mayster or Mistresse, be excused upon his sayinge from the taxes of the saide

1 or emitted.

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 29.

751

Subsidye in neither of the Placf where he maie be sett or taxed, unlesse he bringe a Certificate in writinge from the Comissioners wher that he is soe sett or taxed in deede at one place; And if anie pson that ought to be sett and taxed to this p>sent Subsidie, by reason of his removinge or resortinge to two Placf, or by reason of his sayinge that he else where was taxed, or by reason of any privilidge of his dwellinge or abidinge in anie Place not beinge foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his covyn or craft, or by any words or sayings or otherwise, Or yf anie that is a Comissioner or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the saide Taxacons for the payment of this Subsidie or anye of them, and be not sett and taxed accordinge to the true intent of this Acte, and that proved by p^sentment Examination Informac&n or otherwise before the saide Comissioners, or twoe of them, or before the Barons of the Quenes Ma"" Exchequo', or twoo Justicf of the Peace of the Countie where suche pson dwelleth. Then everie suche pson, that by suche meanes or otherwise willinglie by coven or w,hout just cause, shall happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns or Paymentf aforesaide, or anie of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged uppon the knowledge and proof thereof, w,h and at the dooble valewe of soe muche as he shoulde might or ought to have byn sett and taxed att by venue of this Acte, And the same doble valewe to be levied gathered and paied of his Goods and Cattallf Lands and Tenementf towards the saide Subsidye; and further to be punished accordinge to the discrecions of the Barons Justices and Comissioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceipt in that behalf.

And be it further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaide. That the saide Comissioners in every Comission, shall accordinge to theyr Divisions, and after they be devided, have full Powre and Aucthoritie by this Acte, to sett taxe and sesse everie other Comission! joyned w"1 them in everye suche Comission and Devision, and shall alsoe assesse every Assessor w^in their Devision for his or their Goods Landes & other the p*misses as is abovesaide ; By the wch saide Comission the saide Comissioners shall indifferentlie sett taxe and assesse themselves and the saide Assessors; And that aswell the somes upon everye the saide Comissioners and Assessors soe sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and psented by the psentors as is aforesaide, shalbe written certified sett and estreated, and the Estreatf therof to be made w* other the Inhabitantf of that pties w,bin the lymittf of the same Comission and Division soe to be gathered and levied, in like manner as it ought or shoulde have byn if the saide Comissioners had not byn in the saide Comission.

And that all psons of the estate of a Baron or Barons, and everye estate above, shalbe charged w,h their freehoulde and valewe as is abovesaide, by the Chauncello' or Lorde Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande, the Highe Tresorer of Englande for the tyme being, or one of them, together w"1 other suche psons as by the Quenes Ma'f aucthorytye or commaundement shalbe named & appointed; and they to be charged for the saide severall paymentf of the saide Subsidie after the forme of the saide Graunte, accordinge to the Taxac&n aforesaide; and the somes of and upon them to be sett and taxed, wu‘ the names of the Collecto" appointed for the gatheringe & payinge of the same to be estreated delyvered and certified, at daies and placf above specified, by the Lorde Chauncelo' or Keeper of the Greate Seale and Lorde Tresorer, or one of them, together w,h other suche psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaide.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide,That after the Taxes & [Assessors'] of the saide somes, uppon and by the saide Assessinge and Certificate as is aforesaide made, the saide Comissioners, ot as maney of them as shalbe therunto appointed and have aucthoritie by the Quenes Ma'f Comission, shall w"1 all speede and w,hout delaie by their writinge, estreate the saide Taxe therof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comissioners, or as manye of them as shalbe appointed at the least, and the same shall deliver unto sufficient & substanciall Inhabitauntf Constables Subconstablec Baylifff & other Officers joyntlie of Hundreds Townes Parrishes and other Placf aforesaide w^n their lymittf, and to other sufficient psons Inhabitauntf of the same onlie, by the discrec&n of the saide Comissioners, w‘" the assent of the Highe Collector and as the place & pties shall require, aswell the pticuler Names and Surnames, as the remembraunce of all the somes of Money taxed and sett of and uppon everye pson as well Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Houshoulde" and all other Inhabitauntf and Dwellers within the saide Pishes Townes & Placf, contributorye to this Acte of Subsidie; By aucthoritie of wch writinge & estreate soe delivered, the saide Officers, and other psons so named and deputed, severallye shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte, ymedyatelye after the deliverie of the saide writinge or estreate, to demaunde levye and gather of everie pson therin specified, the some and the somes in the same writinge or estreate comprised ; And for non payment thereof to distraine the same pson or psons soe beinge behinde, by theire Goods and Cattellf, and the Distresse soe taken, to keepe by the space of eighte dayes at the Costs and Chargf of the Owner therof; And yf the saide Owner doe not pay suche some of Money as shalbe taxed by aucthorytie of this Acte, w^in the same eighte dayes, then the same Distresse to be appraised by sour three or two of the Inhabitauntf where suche Distresse is taken, and alsoe then to be soulde by the Constable or other Collectors for the payment of the saide Money, And the Overplus comminge of the sale and kepinge therof (yf anye be) to be ymediatelye restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; W* saide Officers & other psons soe deputed to aske take gather and levye the saide somes, shall aunswer and be charged for the porf&n onlie to them assigned & lymitted, to be gathered levyed and comprised in the saide writinge or estreate soe to them as is aforsaide delivered, to the use of o' SoPaigne Ladye the Quenes Mau* and her Heires and Successors; And the saide some in that wrytinge or estreate comprised, to paie unto the Highe Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collecc&n of the same, in manner and forme underwritten therunto to bee named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitauntf and Officers soe gatheringe the same pticular somes, for their Colleccbn therof, shall reteine for everie twentie shillingf soe by them received & paide two pennce; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to bee made to the Highe Collecto' or Collectors.

1 crrontoujly fir " A ssesses "

Penalty on Evasion under auch Pretext, See. Double Rate.

XVI. Commiuioneri shall attest themselves and the Attestors.

XVII. Pcert shall be attested by the Lord Chancellor, Treaturer, See.

XVIII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall he delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress Ac. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

752

27° Eliz. c. 29.

A.D. 1584-5.

XIX. And further be it enacted by the saide aucthoritye. That the saide Comissioners, or the more parte of them as shall

thill appoint take upon them the execuc&n and busines of the saide Comission, shall for everie of the saide paymentf of the High Collectors saide Subsidie, name suche sufficient and able psons wch then shall have and possesse Lands and other Hereditamentf

SumTio kmed. in theire owne Righte of the clere yerelie value of tenne powndf, or Goods to the valewe of sower hundred poundes

at the leaste, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidye Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymittf, and for wante of suche so assessed, then those to be apointed Collectors that then shalbe sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidye Booke in Lands or Goods neerest to the valewes aforsaide, as by theire discrec&ns shalbe thought good, in Sheires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cytties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever placf, aswell within places privilidged as without, not beinge foreprised w"*in this Acte, to be Highe Collectors, and to have the Collecc&n and Receipt of the saide somes sett and levyable w^in the pkrinct lymyttf and boundf where they shalbe soe lymyted and appointed to be Highe Collectors ; And to everye of the saide Collectors soe severallye named, the saide Comissioners or two of them at the leaste, w"1 all speede and withowte delaie, after the saide whole s5me of anye payment of the saide Subsidye be sett, by all the lymittf of the same their Comission, or in suche lymittf as the highe Collectors shalbe soe severallye assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe Manuell deliver one Estreate indented in Parchement, comprisinge in yt the names of all suche psons as were assigned to levye the saide pardculer somes, and the somes of

everie Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaide, wlh the Names and Surnames of the psons soe

chargeable, accordinge to the Estreate soe firste thereof made and delivered as is aforesaide : And the Collectors soe

to be assigned, shalbe charged to aunswere the whole some comprised in the saide Estreate lymitted to his collecc&n as is aforesaide.

AAi

High Collector shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners;

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, jfc?io; on Neglect of Recognizance, £to.

High Collectors shall cal) on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforsaide, That the saide Comissioners havinge aucthoritie by this Acte to name and nominate the saide Highe Collecto's of the saide Subsidye, shall ymediatlie uppon the Nomynac&n and Elecc&n, take by aucthoritie of this p>sent Parliament sufficient Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns, w'hout any Fee or Rewarde to be paide therfore, of everie pson soe by them to be named to be Highe Collector, to be bounde to the Quenes Mall' in the dooble some of the some of his Collecc&n, and to be indorsed and made upon suche Condi con, that is to saye; For the colleccon of the saide firste payment of the saide Subsidie, That if the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe trulye content and paie to the use of the Quenes Maa' her Heires or Successor in the Receipte of the saide Exchequo', att or before the saide twentith daye of October next ensuinge, soe muche of the saide s5me of Money allotted and appoynted to his ColleccSn, as he shall collect and gather, and content and paye the Residewe of his Collection and Charge w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residewe, That then the saide Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns to be voide, or else to stande in full Strength and Vertewe ; And for the Collecc&n of the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, upon Condic5n that yf the saide Collector his Heires or Executors doe truelie content and paie to the Use of the Quenes Ma"' her Heyres or Successors, in her Receipte of the Exchequo' at or before the saide twentith daie of Novembe' w'h shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1586, so muche of the saide some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n, as. he shall collect and gather, and content and paye the Residewe of his Collecc&n and Charge, w‘hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residewe, That then the saide Recognisauncf or Obligac&ns to be voide, or else to stande in full strengthe and vertewe • Wch saide severall Recognisauncf or Obligac&ns soe taken, the saide Comissioners shall severallye certifie and delyver into the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo', w4 the severall Certificatf of the saide Taxac&ns and Rates of the paymentf of the saide Subsidie, at and by the tyme to them pscribed and appointed by this Acte for the Certificate of the saide severall Taxac&ns of the saide Subsidye, upon payne of forfeiture of Tenne pounds to the Quenes Ma’1* for everie Recognizaunce or Obligaf&n not certified; And that everie suche Collectors soe elected named and chosen, upon Request to him made, shall knowledge and make the saide Recognizaunce or Obligac&n, upon payne and forfeiture of Twentie pounds to the Quenes Majestie for the refusall therof: And everie Collecto' soe deputed havinge the saide Estreate in Parchement as is aforesaide, shall have aucthoritie by this Acte to appointe daies and places w^in the Circuit of his Colleccion for the payment of the saide Subsidye to him to be made, and therof to geve waminge by Proclamac&n or otherwise, to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabitauntf havinge the Charge of the pticuler Collecf&n wthin the Hundreds Parrishes Townes or other Placf by him or them lymitted, to make payment for the saide pticular Collecc&n of everie s5me as to them shall apperteine; And if at the same Daie and Place soe lymyted and pffixed by the saide Highe Collector, the saide Constable Officers or other psons or Inhabitauntf as is aforesaide for the saide particuler Collecc&n assigned and appointed wuin suche Hundred Citie Towne or other Place, doe not paie unto the saide Highe Collectors the some within their severall Hundreds Townes Parrishes and other Placf, dewe and comprised in the saide Estreate therof to them delivered by the saide Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaide, or.soe muche therof as they have by anie meanes received, (two pence of everie pownde for the saide pticule' Collecc&n as is abovesaide alwaies therof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then it shalbe lawfull to the saide Highe Collectors and everye of them and to theire Assignes, to destraine everie of the saide Constables Officers and other Inhabitauntf for ther saide severall and pticule' Collecc&n of the saide somes comprised in the saide Estreate and Writing therof to them and everie of them as is before expressed delivered, or for soe muche of the same some as soe then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and behind and unpaide, by the Goods and Cattallf of everie of them soe beinge behinde ; And the Distresse soe taken to be kept appraised and soulde as is aforesaide, and thereof to take and levye the somes soe then beinge behinde and unpaide; And the overplus cominge of the sale of the saide Distresse (if anie be) to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in forme above remembered.

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c.29.

753

t

i

i

i

I

i

i

F

k

F

r

i

i

I

i

i

i

I

I

I

I

I

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That noe pson or psons shalbe nominated or appointed to be a Highe Collecto' or Collectors for the seconde payment of anie Fyftenthe Tenthe or Subsidye graunted by this Acte, w4 before that tyme hathe byn a Collector or Collectors for the firste payment of anye parte of the same Fyftenthe Tenthe or Subsidie, unlesse suche pson or psons soe to be nominated and appointed Highe Collecto' or Collectors for the saide seconde payment, doe firste snewe foorth before him or them by whome he shalbe soe nominated and appointed, his (Quietus esi) for the discharge of his Collecc&n before appointed to his Charge, uppon paine of One Hundreth Poundes to be paide and forfetted by him or them that soe shall nominate and appoynte anye suche Collector contrarye to this p’sente Acte.

Provided alwaies. That noe person inhabitinge in anye Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate shalbe compelled to be anie Assessor or Collector, of or for any parte of the saide Subsidie, in anye Place or Placf out of the saide Citye Boroughe or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And it is alsoe by the saide Aucthoritie enacted, That yf anie Inhabitauntf or Officer, or whatsoev* pson or psons charged to or for the Collecc&n and Receipte of anie parte or porc&n of the saide Subsidye by anye manner of Meanes accordinge to this Acte, or anye pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardian Deputie Facto' or Attourney of or for anye other pson or psons, of anye Goods and Cattallf of the Owner therof, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge to be paide beinge out of this Realme or in anye other parts not knowne, or of and for the Goods and Cattallf of anye other pson or psons of anye Corporac&n Fraternitye Misterye or other whatsoeP Cominaltie, beinge Corporate or not Corporate, and all psons havinge in theire Rule Governaunce Sc Custodie anie Goods or Cattellf at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or anye of them to be made, Or wch for anie Cause for and by Collecc&n, or for himselfe or for anye other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule Govem*nce or Custodie of anye Goods or Cattails of any other pson or psons, Corporac&n Comunaltie Fraterriytie Guylde or Mysterie, or anye suche other like, or as Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to any some or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessinge upon any suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged w"1 the Receipte of the same, happen to dye, or depte from the place wheare he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattallf be so eloyned or in suche privie and coverte maner kepte, as the saide pson or psons chardged with the same, by Estreates or other Wrytingf from the saide Comyssyoners or as manye of them as shall be thereunto appoynted by the saide Comission as is aforsaide, can ne maye levie the Same some or somes comprised w,hin the same Estreates, by Distresse within the lymytes of theire Collection as is aforsaide, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for anye of the saide paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment |to be made in the Quenes Ma'f Receipte, Then upon relation thereof w,h due Examynac&n by the Othe or Examynac&n of suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged w"1 and for the Receipte and Collection of the same, before the saide Comyssioners or as inanye of them as by the saide C5myssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, wheare suche pson or psons or other as is' aforesaide theire Goodes and Cattails were sett and taxed, and upon playne Certyficate thereof made in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo' by the same Comyssioners, aswell of the dwellinge place names and somes of the saide psons of whome the saide somes cannot be levied and had as is aforesaide, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabitantf appoynted for the saide pticuler Collection, againste the Highe Collecto", as the Highe Collecto' upon his Accompte and Othe in the saide Exchequo', to be discharged thereof; and processe to be made for the Quenes Matie owt of the saide Eschequo', by the discrecbn of the Barons of the saide Exchequo', againste suche pson, his Heires or Executo" so beinge behynde with his payin': And over that, the same Comyssioners, to whome anye suche Declarac&n of the Premisses shall be made in forme aforesaide, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and authoritie to directe theire Precepte or PreCeptf unto the saide pson or psons chardged w,h anye sume of for and upon any suche pson and psons or other as is aforesaide, or to anye Shirief Stewarde Bailief or other whatsoever Offycer Mynyster pson or psons of suche place or places wheare anye suche pson or psons so oweng suche sume or sumes shall have Lands & Tenementf or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattails, 'whereby any suche pson or psons So indebted his Heires Executo" or Assignes or other havinge the Custodie Govem"nce or Disposition of any Goods Cattails Lands or Tetitf or other Hereditamentf, whiche ought or maye by this Acte lawfully be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattails Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof suche sume or sumes whiche by anye suche pson or psons maye or ought to be levied, be yt within the lymytes of suche Comission wheare suche pson or psons was or weare taxed, or withowte, in any place w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons Marches or Territories; By whiche Precepte aswell suche pson or psons shalbe chardged to levie suche Moneye, as the Officer of the Place or Places wheare suche Distresse maye be taken, shall have full Power & Authoritie to distreyne everie suche pson indebted chardged or chardgeable by this Acte, or his Executo'* or Administrato'* of his Goods and Cattails, his Gardyans Facto™ Deputies Lessees Fermo" & Assignes, and all other psons by whose Hands or owte of whose Lands anye suche pson shoulde have Fee Rente Anuytie or other Proffytt, or whiche at the tyme of the saide assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattails or any other thinge moveable of any suche pson or psons being indebted or oweng suche sume; And the Distresses so taken, cawse to be kept appraised and soulde, in like maner and forme as is aforesaide for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the saide Subsidie, and being sufficient to distreyne w'hin the Lymytes of the Collecto" Inhabitauntf or other Officers chardged w1" or for the saide sumes so upon them to bee taxed; And yf anye suche Distresse for non payment happen to be taken owte of the lymyte of the saide psons chardged and assigned to levie the same, the psons so chardged for the levie of anye suche sumes by Distresse shall pceyve and take of the same Dystresse, for the Labo' of everie pson goinge for the execuc&n thereof, for everie Myle that anye suche pson

XXI. Collector! of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

XXII. Assessors and

Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XXIII. IncsscofDeatb,&c. of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming. HighCollectors.gce. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, fcc. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, Icc.

L

754

On Failure of any tuch Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXIV. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves, Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

27° Eliz. c.29. A.D. 1584-5.

laboureth for the same, Twoe pence; And everie Farmo' Tenant Gardian Factor or other whatsoever pson, bong distreyned or otherwise chardged for payment of anye suche some or sumes, or anye other sume by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche s5me or sommes, of hym or them so levied and taken, discharged and acquyted at his next daye of payment of the same, or at the delyverie of suche Goods and Cattails as he that is so distreyned had in his Custodie or Governance, against hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; Anye Graunte or Wryteng Obligatorie or other whatsoever Matter to the contrarie made heretofore notwithstandinge: And yf any such p6on that shoulde be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient, whereby he or his Tenantf and Farmo" may be distreyned, or have alyened eloyned or hidd his Goods and Cattails whereby he shoulde or might be distreyned, in suche maner that suche Goods and Cattails shall not be knowen or fownde, so that the sume of or by hym to be paied in the saide forme, shall ne can be convenyently levied, Then upon relac&n thereof to the Comyssioners or to as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, wheare suche pson or psons was taxed and sett, by the Othes of him or them that shalbe chardged w01 the levie and payment of that sume or sumes, The same Comyssyoners shall make a Precept in suche maner as is aforesaide, for to attache take and arrest the Bodie of suche pson and psons that ought to paye the saide sumes and by this Acte shalbe chardged w,h and for the saide sume or sumes ; And them so taken safelie to kepe ih pryson within the Shier or other Place wheare any suche pson or psons shalbe taxen & attached, theare to remaine w,howt Baile or Mayneprise, untill he hathe paied the saied sume or sumes, that suche pson for hymselfe or for anye other by this Acte shalbe chardgeable or ought to be chardged w'hall, and allso for the Fees of everie suche Arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche Precept, Twentie pence; And that everie Officer unto whome suche Precept shalbe directed, do his true diligence and execute the same upon everie pson so being indebted, upon payne to forfayte to the Quenes Maoe for ev*ie default in that behalfe, xx s.; And that no Keper of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any suche pson to goe at lardge by lettinge to Baile, or otherwise to departe owte of his Pryson before he have payed his saide Debte, and the saide xx d. for the saide Arrest, upon payne to forfaite to the Quenes Ma*1' xl s. ; And the same Gaoler to paye to the Quenes Ma’1' the double value, aswell of the Rate whiche the saide pson so ymprysoned was taxed at, as of the saide xx d. for the Fees: And like Processe and Remedie in like Forme shalbe graunted by the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, at like InformacSn of ePie pson or psons being chardged w,h any s5me of Money for any other pson or psons by reason of the saide Subsidie, and not thereof paied, but wilfullie withdrawen, nor the same leviable w,hin the lymytes wheare suche psons weare thereunto taxed : And yf the some or somes, being behynde unpaied by anye pson or psons as is aforesaide, be levied and gathered by force of the saide Processe to be made by the saide Comyssioners, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of Payment thereof, the pson or psons so owenge the saide sdme or sommes of Money, by Processe of the same Comyssioners to be made as is aforesayd, be comytted to Pryson in forme abovesaide, that then the saide Comyssyoners whiche shall awarde suche Processe, shall make Certyficate thereof in the saide Exchequo' of all that shalbe doon in the Premisses in the Terme next folowenge after suche some or sommes of Money so beinge behynde shall bee levied and gathered, or suche pson or psons for non payment of the same comytted to Pryson : And yf yt happen anye of the saide Collecto" to be assigned, or any Maio" Shirieff Stewardf Constables the Hedburoughe Bursholder Bailief or anye other Officer or Mynyster or other whatsoever pson or psons, to disobey the saide Comyssyoners or anye of them, in the reasonable request to them made by the saide Comyssioners for execuc&n of the saide Comyssion, Or yf anye of the Officers or other psons do refuse that to them shall appertayne or belong to doe by reason of anye Precept to hym or them to be directed, or any reasonable C5maundement Instance or Request towchinge the Premisses, or other Default in any Apparaunce or Collection to make, or yf any pson, being sspecte not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaide, do refuse to be examyned according to the tenor of this Acte before the saide Comyssioners, or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaide, or will not appere before the same Comyssyoners upon warnyng to hym made, or ellse make Resistaunce or Rescowse upon any Distresse upon hym to be taken for anye pcell of the saide Subsidie, or comytt any misbehavio' in any maner of wise contrarie to this Acte, or comytt anye wilfull omyssion or other whatsoever wilfull not doinge or mysdoinge, contrarie to the tenor of this Acte or Graunte; the same Comyssyoners and everie nomber of them above remembred, or twoe of them at the leaste, upon probable knowledge of anye suche misdemeano" had by Informac&n or Examynaf&n, shall & maye sett upon everie suche Offendor for everie suche Offence, in name of a Fyne by the same Offendo' to be forfaicted, fowrtie shillingf or under, by dyscrec&n of the same

Comyssyoners; And further, the same Comyssioners, and everie nomber of them or twoe of them at the leaste, shall

have authoritie by this present Acte, to ponyshe everie suche Offender by Imprysonment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by theire discrec&n as shall seeme to them convenyent; the saide Fynes, yf any suche be, to be certified by the saide Comyssioners that so assessed the same into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequo', theare to be levyed and paied by the Collecto" of that parties for the said Subsidie retowmed into the saide Exchequo', to be thcrwB‘ chardged

wu’ the payment of the saide Subsidie, in suche maner as yf the saide Fynes had ben sett and taxed upon the

saide Offendo" for the saide Subsydie.

And yt is also Inacted by the saide Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That everie of the saide Highe Collecto'* whiche shall accompte for anye parte of the saide Subsidie in the saide Exchequo', upon theire severall Accomptf to be yeelden, shalbe allowed at everie of the saide Paymentf of the saide Subsidie, for everie pownde lymyted to his Collection whereof anye suche Collecto' shalbe chardged and yelde Accompte, Sixe pence, as pcell of theire Chardge, that is to saye; of everie pownde thereof for suche pson as then have hadd the pticler Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaide specified in his Collection ij d.; and other two pence of everie pownde thereof, everie

.2>.1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 29.

7 55

S

s

i

t

of the saide Chief Collecto" or theire Accomptantf to retayne to theire owne use for theife Labo' and Chardge in and abowte the Premisi; and ij d. of everie pownde, residue, to be delyvered allowed and paied by the saide Collecto' so being thereof allowed, to suche of the Comyssioners as shall take upon them the busynes and labo' for and abowte the premisses; that is to saye, everie Collecto' to paye that Comyssyoner or Comissyoners whiche hadd the orderinge of the wrytingf of and for the saide Subsidie, wheare the said Collecto' or Collecto" had theire Collection, for the expenses for the saide Comyssyoners so taking upon them the saide busynes, and labo' of theire Clarkf writeing the saide Preceptf and Extractf of the saide Collections, the same laste twoe pence of everie pownde, to be dyvided amongest the sayde Comyssyoners, having Regarde to theire labour & busynes taken by them and theire saide Clerkf in and abowte the premisses ; for whiche parte so to the saide Comyssyoners atteynenge, the saide Comissyoners syxe fyve sour three or twoe, or as inanye of them as shall be thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, and everie of them, joyntlie and severallie for his and theire saide parte, maye have his Remedy against the saide Collecto' or Collecto" whiche thereof bene or might have bene allowed, by Ac£5n of Debte, in whiche the Defendaunte shall not wage his Lawe, neyther Protection neither Injunction or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe beinge of the nomber of the Companye of this present Parliament, nor anye ComyssioS, shalbe named or assigned to be anye Collecto' or Subcollecto' or Presento' of the saide Subsidie, or of anye parte thereof; nor no Comyssyoners shalbe compelled to make any Presentment or Certificate, other then in the Quenes Ma'f said Exchequo', of for or concemynge the saide Subsidie or any parte or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson that shalbe named or assigned to be Comyssioners in anye place to and for thexecucon of this Acte of Subsidie, be or shall be assigned or named Hed Collecto" of anye of the paymentf of the saide Subsidie, neither of anye parte thereof; And that everie suche pson or psons whiche shalbe named and appoynted as is aforesaide to be Hed Collecto" of and for the firste payment of this Subsidie, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, nor for anye parte thereof: And the saide Collecto" whiche shalbe assigned for the Collection of the saide Subsidie, or for anye parte thereof, and everie of them, be and shall be acquyted and dischardged of all maner Fees Rewardf and of everie other Chardges in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo' or elsewheare, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accomptf or anye thinge concernynge the same to be asked ; and that yf anye pson receyve or take anye Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of anye suche Accomptante, or use anye unneccssarie delaye in theire Accompte, that then hee shall forfeite to the Quenes MaUe for everie penie or value of everie penye or peny woorthe so taken, fyve shillingf, and fyve powndf to the ptie grieved for every suche delaye, and suffer Ymprysonment at the Quenes Ma'f Pleasure.

And after the taxinge & assessinge of the saide Subsidie (as is aforesaide) had or made, and the saide Extractf thereof in Pchement unto the Collecto' in maner and forme before rehersed delyvered, the saide Comyssyoners wdl shall take upon them the execuc&n of this Acte w^in the lymytes of theire Comyssion, by theire Agreementf shall have Meteng together, at whiche Meetinge every of the saide Comyssyoners wch then shall have taken upon them the execuc&n of anye pte of the saide Comyssion, shall by hymselfe or his sufficient Deputie, truelie certyfie and bring foorthe unto the saide Comyssyoners named in the saide Comyssion, the Certificate and Presentment made before hym and suche other Comyssioners as weare lymyted wth him in one lymyte, so that the same Certificate maye be accompted and caste w*1 the other Certificates of the other lymytes w,hin the same Comyssion; and then the saide ComissioSs and everie nomber of them unto twoe at the leaste as is aforesaide yf any be in Lief, or theire Executo" or Admynistrato" of theire Goods if they then be deade, shall joyntly and severallie as they weare divided w,hin theire lymytes, under theire Seales by theire Discrec&n, make one or se^all Wrytengf indented conteyneng in yt aswell the Names of the saide Collecto", by the Comyssyoners for suche Collection and Accomptes in the Exchequer and payment in the same Receipte deputed & assigned, as the grosse and severall somes wrytten unto every suche Collecto" to receyve the saide Subsidie; And also all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfaytures, yf anye suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w^in the Precyncte & lymyte of theire Comyssion, to be certified into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer by the saide Comyssyoners; In whiche Wry tinge or Wrytengf indented so to be certyfied, shall be playnly declared and expressed the whole and entier some or somes of the said Subsidie severallie lymyted to the Collection of the saide Collecto" severallie deputed & assigned to the Collection of the saide somes; So that none of the saide Collecto" so certified in the saide Exchequer, shalbe compelled theare to accompt or to bee chardged, but only to and for the sumes lymyted to his Collection, and not to or for any some lymyted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but everie of them shalbe severallie charged for theire parte lymyted to their Collection: And yf the said Comyssioners joyned in one Comyssion amongest themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or yf anye of them be not readie, or refuse to make Certificate w'h other of the said Comyssyoners, That then the saide Comyssyoners maye make severall Indentures in forme aforesaide of theire severall lymytes or sepacbns of Collecto" within the lymytes of theire Comyssion, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or suche other like Divisions wlhin theire saide severall lymytes of theire Comyssion, as the Places theare shall requyre to be severed and dyvided, and as to the same Cdmyssyoners shall seme good, to make Dyvisions of theire lymytes or Collections for the severall Chardges of the same Collecto"; So that allwaie one Collecto’ shalbe chardged and accompte for his parte to hym to be lymyted only by hymselfe, and not for anye some lymyted to the parte of anye of his Fellowes, And the chargf of ev\e of the Collecto" to be sett and certified severallie upon them; And everie suche Collecto', upon his Accompte and Payment of the sume of Money lymyted within his Collection, to be severallie by hymselfe accquyted and dischardged in the saide Exchequo', withowt payeng any maner Fees or Rewardf to anye person or psons for the same, upon payne & penaltie last abovesaide, and not to be

XXV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, &:c. shall not be Collectors, Sec.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXVI.

After Assessment, See. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, &c.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

LaOO

7 56

27° Eliz, c. 29.

A.D. 1584-5

Executors,

Heir*. &c. of Commissioners or Collector*, &c. dying, shall complete their Duties;

Form of the first and subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXVII. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVIII.

Persons having Lands and Spiritual Possessions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, See. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXIX. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Jersey and Guernsey.

chardged for any porc&n of any other Collecto': And yf any Comyssyoner, after he hathe taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaide shalbe before anye suche Comyssioners exiled, and the sumes rated and sett artd the Bookes & Wrytengf thereof being in his Hands, Or yf any Collecto' or other peon chardged w,h any Receipte of anye pte of the saide Subsidie, or anye other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte chardged wlb and for anye pcell of the saide Subsidie, or w"1 anye other Some Fyne Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfaicture, happen to dye before the ComyssioSs Collecto" or other whatsoever pson or psons, have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficientlie dischardged that whiche to ev*ie suche pson shall appertayne or belonge to doe according to this Acte, Then the Executo" and Heires of every suche pson, and all other seysed of anye Lands and Tents that anye suche pson being chardged by this Acte and deceasing before he be dischardged thereof, or anye other to his use onlye, had of Estate of Inheritaunce, at the tyme that anye suche pson was named Comyssioner Collecto' or otherwise chardged w* or for any maner of Thinge to be doon satisfied or paied by reason of this Acte, And all those that have in theire Possessions or Hands any Goods Cattails Leases or other Things that weare to anye suche pson or psons at the tyme of his Deathe, or any Lands or Tenementf that weare the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforsaide chardged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and chardged to doe and accomplishe in everie case, as the same pson so beinge chardged shoulde have doon, or myght have bene compelled to doe, yf he had ben in playne Lief, after suche Rate of the Lands and Goods of the saide Comyssyoner or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his Hands: And yf the saide Comyssyoners, for cawses reasonable them movinge, shall thincke yt not convenyent to joyne in one Certificate as is aforsaide, Then the saide pson or psons that shall firste joyne together, or he that shall firste certyfie the saide Wryting indented as is aforesaide, shall certyfie all the Names of the Comyssioners of that Comyssyon, whereupon suche Wryteng shalbe theare then to be certified, w,h Division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythinge and other Places to and amonge suche ComyssioSs of the same Comyssion, w,h the Names of the same Comyssioners where suche Sepac&ns & Dyvisions shall be, w*1 the grosse summes of Money, as well of and for the said Subsidie taxed or sett of or within the saide Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes or other Places, to hym or them dyvided or assigned that shall so certifie the saide first Wryting, as of the Fynes Anicementf Penalties and other Forfaitures, yf any happen to be within the same lymytes, whereof the same Wrytingf shalbe certified: And after suche Wrytingf indented, whiche as is aforsaide shalbe certified & not conteyne in yt the whole and full sommes sett and taxed w,bin the lymytes of the same Comyssion, the other Comyssioners of the same, before the daye of Payin' of the saide Subsidie, shall certifie into the saide Exchequer by theire Wryteng or Writyngf indented to be made as is aforsaide, the grosse and severall sommes sett and taxed wthin the Places to them lymyted for the saide Subsidie, and other Fynes Amercyamentf Penalties and Forfaitures, w"1 the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or ells by theire saide Wrytingf indented, to certefie at the same Place before the same daye of Payment, suche reasonable cawses for theire Excuses why they may not make

suche Certificate of & for the saide Subsidie Fynes AiSciamentf and other Forfeictures groweng or sett, by reason

of the Cawses of theire Lettf, or of theire not certyfienge as is aforsaide, or ells in Defaulte thereof, Processe to be made owte of the Quenes Ma'f said Exchequo' against the saide Comyssyoners and everie of them not making Certificate as is aforesaide, by the Discretion of the Thresourer and Barons of the saide Exchequer.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That the Inhabit'untf of the Parrishe of

S* Martyn called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Borough and Towne of Stamford in the Sowth pane of

the Water theare called Wellandf, whiche hereafter shalbe contributorie to the payment of this present Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Ma" her Heires and Successo", shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this tyme by suche Comyssioners whiche shalbe appoynted for the taxinge ratynge and sessing of the Subsidie w'Nn the Countie of Lyncolne, and shall be for this tyme contributorie and paye the saide Subsidie to the Collecto' or Collecto" whiche shall be assigned and ayyoynted for the levieng and gatheringe of the same, w,h the Aldermen and Burgeses of the saide Burroughe and Towne of Stamforde.

Provided allwaies and be yt further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all and everie pson and psons having Manno" Lands Tenem'f and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payment of the Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Matic by this Acte, and also havinge Spirituall Possessions chardgeable to her 6aide Mat,e by the Graunte made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocation, and over this havinge substaunce in Goods and Cattails chargeable by this saide Acte, that then yf anye of the saide pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the saide Manno" Lands and Tenementf & Spirituall Possessions, and also assessed chardged and taxed for his and theire Goods and Cattails, that then he or they shalbe onlye chardged by vertue of this Acte for his and theire saied Manno" Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or onlie for his saide Goods and Cattails the best thereof to be taken for the Quenes MaUc, and not to be chardged for bothe or dowble chardged for anye of them ; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notw^standinge.

Provided alwaies. That this Graunte or Subsidie or anie Thinge therein conteyned, in anye wise extende not to chardge the Inhit'untf dwelling in Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or anye of them, of for or concemynge any Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattails or other moveable Substance, whiche the saide Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or any others to theire use, have w,bin Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or anye of them, or of for or concemynge anye Fees or Wages whiche anye of the saide Inhabitauntf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma* for theire Attendaunce and doinge Service to o' Soveraigne Ladie in Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or in any of them; Anv Thing in this present Acte to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Original fr

PENN SX

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 29.

757

Provided also, That this present Acte of Subsidie ne any Thing therein conteyned, extende to anye of the Englishe Inhabifuntf or Resiauntf in any of the Cownties of Northumberlande Cumberlande WestiSlande, the Towne of Barwike, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Bisshoprike of Durham, or to any of them, of for or concemynge any Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattails or other moveable Substaunce, whiche the same Englishe Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or anye other to theire use, have w,hin the saide Counties of Northumberland Cumberlande & Westn)lande, or the Towne of Barwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bisshopricke of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concernynge anye Fees or Wages whiche anye of the said Englishe Inhabit*untf or Dwellers have of the Quens MaH' for their attendance or doinge service to the Queries Ma"% for or within the said Cownties of Northumberlend Cumberlande WestiSlande, the Towne of Berwick, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Bisshoprick of Durham, or anye of them, to or for the saide taxinge levieng gatheringe or payment; but that the Englishe Inhabitantf and Resiantf and everie of them of the said Counties, Bisshopricke, and Townes, and every of them, shalbe of and from the saide Subsidie, & everie pcell thereof, only for theire Manno" Lands Tenementf Fees Wages Goods and Cattails, lyeng and being in the saide Cownties Townes and Bishopricke, or any of them, utterlie acquyted and discharged ; Any thing in this present Acte before rehersed to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That all Ires Patentf graunted by the Quenes Ma"* or any of her moost noble Progenyto" to anye Citties Borroughes or Townes w^in this Realme, of any maner of Liberties Pryvelegf or Exempc&ns, from the Burden & Chardge of anye suche Grauntes of Subsidies, whiche be at this present tyme in force & vaileable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the saide Cities Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the purportf thereof, althoughe the Inhabitantf of the same and also the saide Corporac&ns shall, upon the greate and weightie considerac&n of the Graunte abovesaid, be for this Graunte chardged and contributorie, in like maner forme and sorte as other Citties Boroughes and Townes whiche be not in any wise pryveledged but by this Acte chardged.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the aucthoride aforesaide, That no Orphant or Infant wlhin the aige of xxj'1' yeres, borne within any of the Quenes Maf Domynyons, shalbe chardged to anye payment of this Subsidie for his or her Goods and Cattails to him or her lefte or bequeathed; any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided allso, That this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned, shall extend to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Hostell wu,in the UnyvWies of Oxeforde and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton, founded by Bisshopp Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the College of Eaton next Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tenementf or Revenewes only assigned or appoynted for the sstentac&n and lyvinge of the poore Knightf founded in the Castle or Colledge of Wyndsor by o' late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Henry the Eight, or to any of the Goods or Cattells of the saide Knightf, or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any comon Free Grani Scoole w"'in the Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the Goods of anye Reader Scoolemaster or Scoller, or any Graduate resiaunte or remayning for Studie w^owte frawde or covyn within anye of the saide UnyPsities and Colledgf or Townes of Cambridge and Oxeforde or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to anye theire Servauntf dailie attendinge upon anye of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Mynyster Almose men or Servauntf, belongeng to any of the saide Unyv*sities Colleges Halls or Hostells, and dwelling and resiaunte w"*in the saide Uni^sities or eithor of them, or within either of the saide Townes of Cambridge and Oxeforde and the Suburbes of the same, w"owt frawde or covyn, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measondieu or Spittellhow.se, preparde and used for the Sstentac&n and Relief of poore People; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided allso, That the saide Graunte of Subsidie or any Thinge therein conteyned, doe not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to anye the Inhabit'untf or Resiauntf at this present tyme dwellingc w^in the Fyve Portes corporate, or to any theire Members incorporated or unyted to the same Fyve Ports, or to any of the same Fyve Ports, but that the Inhabit*untf or Resiauntf in the saide Fyve Ports corporated, and theire Members, be and shalbe, of & from the saide Graunt and Payment of the saide Subsidie and everie pte thereof, and only during theire Resiaunce there and no longer, derelie discharged and acquyted; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this present Acte had or made to the contrarie notw^standinge.

Provided allso, That the saide Graunte of Subsidie and Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes, do not in anye wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Englishe Inhabit'untf or Resiantf at this present tyme within the libties of Rumney Marshe, of or for any parte of the somes graunted in this present Pliament, of the said Englishe Inhabitantf nowe theire resiaunte, or any of them, to be taxed sett asked levyed or paied, but that the saide Englishe Inhabitantf and nowe Resiantf of Romney Marshe, and everie of them, be and shalbe of and from the saide Graunt and Payment of the saide Subsidie and Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes, duringe theire Resiancie theire & no longer, acquyted and discharged; Any Matter or whatsoever Thing in this present Acte made to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided nevertheles and be yt Inacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That yf any Alyen or Straunger borne, Denyzen or not Denizen, and dwelling or inhabiteng w,hin this Realme of England, shall assigne or convey over unto any his or their Childe or Children borne w^in this saide Realme of Englande, any his or theire Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattells, to the intent thereby to defraude the Quenes Ma"* of her saide Subsidie of or for the same, that then all and everie suche Child or Children so being seised of any suche Lands or Tenementf, or possessed of any suche Goods or Chattells, shalbe chardged and chargeable to and w"1 the payment of dowble the said Subsidie for the same Lands Tenementf Goods and Cattails, at the saide Rates and Valewes as Alyens and Straungers, Denyzens or not Denyzens, are before lymyted and appoynted to paye.

9 G

XXX. Exemption for English Inhabitant! of the Northern Countiet.

XXXI. Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

[&r 4 VII.]

XXXII. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, See.

XXXIII.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, See.

XXXIV. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXV. Exemption of English Inhabitsnts of Romney Marsh.

XXXVI. Children of Aliens to whom Lands or Goods are assigned, in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.

758

27° Eliz. c. 30.

A.D. 1584-5.

Motives for this Pardon i

General Pardon of all Offences, &c. not expressly, excepted, committed, &c. before i Nov. An. 26 Eliz.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, as if all Offences, &c. were particularly specified.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences.

IV.

Grants by Offenders of Goods forfeited, how far valid.

V.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fee; except idd. to the Clerk.

CHAPTER XXX. (')

An Act for the Queenes Majesties most gracious generall and free Pardon.

THE Quenes most Excellent Matk considering the greate Zeale and Affecc&n w"* her loving and obedient Subjects beare to her Highnes, as by manye wayes they have declared and shewed from tyme to tyme sithens the beginnyng of her Ma*f Reigne, and calling to her most gracius Remembraunce into howe manye Penalties and Daungers of her Highnes Lawes and Statutf sondry of her saide loving Subjects be fallen, from which they cannot anye waye be freed or delivered but by her Maf great Mercye; and considering with all that Mercye doth apperteigne to her Princelye Estate and Calling, to be distributed to her Subjects as occasion shall serve, aswell as Justice; and assuredlye trusting that from hensforthe her Highnes Subjects will endevor themselves to live in dewe Obedience, And according to her Highnes Lawes as they ought to doe : Her Malic ys theirfore mercifullye enclyned and moved to graunt and give unto her saide lovinge Sujectf, a generall free and bneficyall Pardon, and theirby to deliver her said Subjects from the Daungers Penalties and Forfeytures wherew,h they nowe stande charged or chargeable, and weh they have fallen into by reason of their manyfolde Offencf Disobedience and Contemptf : And therefore her Ma,k! ys well pleased and contented that yt be enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnt Parliament, in manner and forme following; That ys to saye. That all and everie the saide Subjects, aswell Spuall as Temporall, of this her Highnes Realme of England Wales the Isles of Jemsey and Gamesey and the Towne of Barwicke, the Heires Successo" Executors and

Administrators of them and everye of them, and all and singter Bodies in anye maner of w.’se corporated, Citties

Burroughes Shires Riedingf Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakf Townes Villagf Hamlettf and Tiethingf, and everye of them, and the Successor and Succeseo" of everye of them, shalbe by the aucthoritie of this pnt Parliament acquieted pardoned released and dischardged against the Quenes' Matlc her Heires and Successors, and everye of them, of all manner of Treasons Fellonies Offences Contemptf Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceiptf Misdemeaners Forfeitures Penalties and somes of Moneye paynes of Death, paynes corporall and pecuniarye, and generally of all other Things Causes Quarrellf Suetf Judgm'f and ExecucSns, in this present Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprysed, wch may be or can be by her Highnes in anye wise or by anye meanes pardoned before and unto the firste daye

of November last past, in the six & twentethe yere of her most gracius Reigne, to everie or anye of her said

Subjects Bodies corporated Citties Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villagf and Tithingf, or anye of them.

And also the Quenes Highnes ys contented that yt be enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnt Parliament, That her said free Pardon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to every of her said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others

before rehersed in for and against all Things w4 be not hereafter in this present Acte excepted and foreprysed, as

the same Pardon shoulde have bene yf all Offencf Contemptf Forfeitures Causes Matters Suetf Quarrellf Judgementf Execucons Penalties, and all other Things not hereafter in this Acte excepted and foreprysed, had bene pticlerly singlerly spiallie and plainely named rehearsed and spiffed, and also pardoned by proper and expresse Wordes & Names, in their Kindes Natures and Quallities, by Wordes and Termes theirunto requisite to have bene put in and expressed in this pnt Acte of free Pardon; And that her said Subjects nor anye of them, nor the Heires Executo'* or Administrators of anye of them, nor of the said Bodies Corporate and other before named and rehearsed, nor anye of them, be nor shalbe sewed vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goodes Cattellf Landes or Tenementf, for any manner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeaner Forfeiture Trespas Offence or anye other Thinge suffered done or comytted before the saide first daie of Novembre against her Highnes her Crowne Dignity Prerogative Lawes or Statutes, but onlye for such Matters Causes and Offencf as be rehearsed mentioned or in some wise towched in

the Exception of this pnt Acte hereafter mentioned to be foreprised and excepted and for none other; Anye Statute or

Statutf Lawes Customes or Usuagf heretofore had made or used to the contrarye in anye wiese notwithstandinge.

And the Quenes Highnes of her bounteus Liberalise by the aucthoritie of this pnt Parliament graunteth and freelye geveth to every of her said Subjects, and to everye of the saide Bodies Corporat and other before rehearsed, and everye of them, all Goodes Chattellf Debtes Fynes Issues Proffitf Amerciamentf Forfeitures and s5mes of Money by anye of them forfeyted, w* to her Highnes doe or shoulde belong or appteigne by reason of anye Offence Contempt Trespas Entrie Misdemeaner Matter Cause or Qbarrell, done or comitted by them or anye of them before the said first daie of November, wch be not hereafter in this pnt Acte foreprised and excepted.

And be yt enacted neverthelesse that all Grauntf theirof or of anye parte theirof made by anye such as have soe forfeited the same and are hereby restored as aforesaide, and all Execucons theirof or of anye parte theirof, had against anye suche after such Forfeyture theirof comitted or made, shalbe of such force and effecte as yf noe such Forfeyture heirof had bene had or made and of noe other; The same Forfeyture or anye Thing before in this Acte to the contrarie notw^standinge.

And that all and everye the Quenes said Subjects, and all and singler Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed may by him or themself or by his or their Deputie or Deputies, or by his or their Attorney or Attorneys, according to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this present Acte of free Pardon for his

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

PENN STATI

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 30.

759

or theire Dischardge, of and for everye Thing that ys by vertewe of this pnt Acte pardoned dischardged geyven or graunted, withowt any Fee or other Thing in anye wise payeing to anye person or persons for Writing or Entrie of the Judgmentf or other Cause concerning suche Plee Writing or Entrie, but onlye xvj d. to be paid to the Officer or Clerke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgm1 for the parties discharged in that Behalf; Anye La we Statute Usage or Custome to the contrarie notwithstandingc.

And furthermore the Quenes Highnes ys contented and pleased that yt be enacted by the aucthoride of this pnt Parliament, That her said free Pdon, by the generall Wordes Clauses and Sentences before rehersed, shalbe reputed demed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all mann! of Courts of her Highnes & ells where, most bneficially and avaylablye to all and singler her said Subjects Bodies Corporat and others before rehearsed, and to everye of them, in all Things not in this pnt Act excepted or foreprised, w^owt anye Ambiguiue Question or other Delaye whatsoever yt shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alleaged by the Quene oure Soveraigne Ladie her Heires or Successors, or by her or anye of their gSall Attorney or Attomeis, or by anye pson or persons for her Highnes or anye of her Heires or Successors.

And further yt ys enacted by the Quene oure Soveraigne Ladie, by the Aucthoride of this pnt Parliamente, That if anye Officer or Clarke of anye of her Highnes Courts comonlye called the Kings Benche Chanserye and C5mon Place, or of her Eschequo', or anye other Officer or Clerke of anye other of her Highnes Courts w"'in this Realme, at anye tyme after the last daie of this pnt Cession of Parliam*, make owt or write owt anye manner of Writtf Procf Somons or other Preceptf, wherby anye of the saide Subjects or anye of the said Bodies corporated or others before rehearsed, or anye of them, shalbe in anye wise arreasted attached distrayned somoned, or otherwise vexed inquieted or greyed in his or their Bodyes Landes Tenem'f Goodes or Cattellf, or in anye of them, for or because of anye manner of thinge pardoned or dischardged by vertue of this Acte of free Pardon, or yf anye Sheryff or Escheto' or anye of their Deputie or Deputies, or anye Bailyffe oY other Officer whatsoever, by color of his or their Office or otherwiese, after the said last day of this pnt Cession of Parliam*, doe leyye receyve take or w^houlde of or from anye person or persons, anye thing pardoned or dischardged by this Acte, That then everye such person so offending, and thearof lawfullie convicted or condempned by anye sufficient Testemonye Witnessor Proofs, shall yelde and pay for Recompence theirof to the partie so greyed or offended theirby, his or theire Treble Damagf, besides all Costs of the Suet, and shall also forfeit and loose to the Quenes Ma"' for every such Defalt x ti.; And nevertheles all and singler suche Wryttf Proces & Preceptf, so to be made for or uppon anye manner of thing pardoned or dischardged by this ptot Acte of free Pardon, shall be utterlye voide and of none Effecte.

Except and allwayes foreprised owte of this gSall and free Pdon, All and all maner of Highe Treasons and other Offences comytted or done by anye pson or psons, against the Quenes most Royall Pson, and all Conspiracyes and Confederacyes trayteruslye had edmitted or done by anye pson or psons against the Quenes Ma*f Royall Pson; And alsg excepted all and everye manner of Treasons edmitted or done by any person or psons in the parts beyonde the Seas, or in any other place owt of the Quenes Domynions; And all Suetf Punyshm‘f Executions paines of "Deathe Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of anye the Treasons and Offencf before excepted: And also excepted and foreprysed owt of this glial 1 Pardon, All and everie Offencf of Piracye & Robberye done uppon the Seas, and all and ev*ye comforting procuring or abbetting of the same Offences to be had done or edmitted: And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all mannor of Voluntarye Murders Pettie Treasons and willfull Poyeseningf done or edmitted by anye person or persones; and all and everie the Accessaries to the same Offences or anye of them, before the said Offences comytted : And also excepted owt of this Pardon all Offences of foreging and fals counterfeyting of anye the Monyeis currant wthin this Realme; And also all Offences of unlawfull dyminishing of anye the said Moneis by anye way or meanes whatsoever, contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme; and also all abetting ayding comforting or peuring of the same Offences or anye of them to be comytted or done: And also excepted owt of this Pardon all Burglaryes comytted or done in anye Dwelling House or Houses, and all Accessaries to anye of the saide Burglaries before the same Burglaries comytted: And also excepted all Robberyes done uppon or to anye Man or Womans parson in the Highe waye or els where; and all and singler Accessaryes of or to anye suche Robberyes before the said Robberye comytted: And also all willfull burningf of anye Dwelling House or Howses, or of anye Barne or Barnes wherein anye Corne ys : And also excepted all Rapes and Carnal! Ravishmentf of Weomen; and also all Ravishmentf and wilfull taking away or marrieng of any Made Widdowc or Damosell against her will, or w,howt the Assent or Agrem* of her Parents or of suche as have her in custodie, and also all Offences of ayeding comforting procuring or abetting, of anye such Ravishm* wilfull taking or marrieng to be had comitted or done: And also excepted all wilfull Escapes of anye Traytors or Felons : And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all persons nowe attaynted or owtlawed of or for anye Treason Pettie Treason Murder willfull Poysening or Robberye : And also excepted all Offences of Invocac&ns Conjuracons Witchcraft^ Sorceries Inchauntm'f and Charmes, and all Offences of procuring abbetting or comforting of the same, and all psones nowe attainted or convicted of anye of the said Offencf: And also excepted all and everye mann! of takinge from the Quenes Ma*' of anye Goods or Cattellf or the Yssues Rents Revennues or Proffittf of anye Manners Lands Tents or Hereditam'f w* were of any Traitor Murderer Fellon Clarke or Clarkf attainted or fugitives, or of anye of them: and also excepted all Goodes and Cattellf in anye wise forfeyted to the Quenes Ma*" by reason of any Treason Pettye Treason Murder or Fellonye heretofore comytted or done: And also excepted owt of this Pdon, all Offences in making or publishing or in consentinge to the makinge or publishingc of any fals seditius or slaunderus Book or Books Libell or Libellf against anye person or persons:

VI.

Thij Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

VII.

Penalty on Officers of Courts, Stc. issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned ; Treble Damages, and Process declared void.

VI.

Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons

Piracies;

Murders;

Counterfeiting, <cc. of Money;

Burglaries;

Robberies on the Highway;

Arsons

Rapes, See.;

Escapes of Felons {

Outlawries for Treason, See.; Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons, «cc.

Forfeitures; Slanderous Libels

760

27° Eliz. c. 30.

A.D. 15 84-5.

Intrusions and Wastes in Lands of the Crown;

Alienations, and Fines thereon;

Wastes, &c. in Lands of Wards,

&c.;

Concealment of Wards, &c.;

Ravishments of Wards.

Fines of Widows;

IX.

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

X.

Further Exceptions: Prisoners in special Custody; Fugitives for Treason

Persons

remaining Abroad without Licence

Concealment of Subsidies;

Accountants to the Crown

Deceipts of Moneyers, &c.;

Quare Impcdits, Homages, tic. j

Penalties on Covenants, &c.

Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown on Recognizances, &c.

Penalties and Forfeitures by Statute, adjudged or proceeded for;

Forfeiture of Leases from the Crown;

And also excepted owt of this Pardon all Intrusic&ns and spoyle of Woodes, had made or done by anye person or persones in or uppon anye the Mannors Landes Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of our Roveraigne Ladie the Quene; And all Wastf done comitted or suffredd uppon anye suche Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull taking of anye the Rents Issues and ProfSttf of the same Mannors Landes Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of oure saide Soveraigne Ladie the Quene, and also all Suetf Accomptes and Impetic&ns of and for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Alienacons of anye Landes Tenemf or Hereditamentf withowt lycence, and all Fines Yssues and Proffitf that maye or owght to growe or come to the Quenes Ma* by reason of anye such Aliena c&n withowt Lycence: And also excepted owt of this Pardon all Waistf comitted or done in anye of the Quenes Wardes Landes, or in the Wardes Landes of anye of the Quenes Comittees; And also all and everye Fine and Fines for the single or doble vallewe of the Marriage or Marriagf of all and everye Warde or Wardes at anye tyme heretofore growne to the Quenes Ma"' or any her noble Progenitors: And also excepted all concealed Wardes and the Landes of such Wardes concealed, and all Liveries and Primer Seisons and Ouster le mains that ought to be had done or sued for the same: And also excepted owt of this generall Pardon, all Ravishmentf and wrongfull taking or withhoulding of anye of the Quenes Wardes or Wardes Landes, or the Rents it Proffittf of the same, at anye tyme c5men or growne to the Quenes Handes; and everye thing that by reason of any Warde or Wardes landes, or for defalte of fewinge or prosecutinge of anye Liverye ought to come or be to the Quenes Ma,ie, and w1* as yet ys not discharged : And also excepted, all Fines that shoulde or ought to growe to the Quenes Ma6', of anye of her Widdowes that have married withowt License.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnt Pliament, That all and everye person and persons wch have tendered or ought to sewe Liverye owt of our said Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Handes, of or for anye Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoever they be, shall sewe his and there Liverey and Livereis owt of our said Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Handes, of his or theire Manners Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf, in lick manner and forme as they and everye of them shoulde or ought to have done yf this Acte had never bene had ne made; Anye Article Thinge or Things in this pnt Acte of gfiall Pardon comprysed and specified to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And also excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all such parsons as the last daie of this pnt Session of Parlyament be in Pryson w^in the Tower of London, or in the Pryson of the Marshallsey, or in the Pryson of the Fleete, or otherwiese restrayned of lybertie by expresse Comaundem1 from the Quenes Ma,k or by the Comaundem1 of anye of her Ma'f Privie Counsell: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all and everye such parson and persons wch at anye tyme sithense the beginnyng of the Quenes Ma'f Reigne have fledd owt of this Realme of England or anye other the Quenes Domynions, for anye Offence of Highe Treason Pettytt Treason or Misprision of Treason: And also excepted all such psons as be fledd or gone owt of this Realme, for anye Cause contrarye to the Lawes & Statutf of this Realme withowt the Quenes Ma'f License; And also excepted, all such parsons as have

obteigned and had lycense to departe this Realme for a certayne tyme, and nowe doe abide owt of this Realme,

w^owt any lawfull excuse, after the tyme of there License expyred : And also excepted owt of this Pardon all and everye Concealmentf or wrongfull detaynm'f of anye Custome or Subsedie dewe to the Quenes Ma"', and all Accomptf Impetic&ns & Sueif to be had made or done for the same : And also excepted all and singler Accomptf of all and everye Collector and Collectors of anye Subsedie Fiftene Custome or other Thing; and all Accomptf of

everye other person whatsoever that ought to be Accomptaunt to the Quenes Highnes or to her most Noble Father

King Henrye the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixt, or Quene Marye, or to anye of them, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of everye such pson that ought to accompte, for all Things towching onlye the same Accomptf ; and all and singler Arreragf of Accomptf, and all untrewe Accomptf, and all Impetic&ns Suetf Demands and Execuc&ns wch can or may be had of or for anye Accompt or Accomptf, or anye Arreragf of the same: And also excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and manner of Deceiptf and Offences of all and singler Moniers and other Officers Mynters and Workmen of or in anye of the Quenes Ma'f Myntf w^in this Realme, or anye other her Domynions and all Impetic&ns and Punishem'f for the same : And also excepted all Titles and Acc&ns of Quare Imped, and all Homages Relief and Reliefff Harriotf Rent SVices Rent Chardges Rent Seckf and the Arreragf of the same, not done or paid to the Quenes Highenes: And also excepted all Penaltf Titles and Forfeytures of Condic&n or Condic&ns Coven*nt or Coven'ntf accrued or growen to the Quenes Mam by reason of the breache and not pformyng of any Coven*nt or Condic&n whatsoever: And also excepted all s5mes of Money graunted to the Quenes Mall*, or to anye her noble Progenitors, by waie or meane of Subsedie Fiftene or otherwiese: And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all Debts wch were or be dewe to oure Soveraigne Lady the Quene, or to the most Noble Kinge of famus Memorye Kinge Henrie the vij", or to King Henry the viijlh, King Edward the Sixt, or to the late Quene Marie, or to anye person or persones to anye of their uses, by anie Condempnac&n Recognisaunce Obligation or otherwiese; other then such Debts as are dewe uppon anye Obligac&n or Recognisaunce forfeyted before the saide first daie of November for none apparaunce in anye Courte or other Place whatsoever, or for not keapinge of the Peace, or not being of a good bihavior; wch Debts growen or accrewed uppon those causes by this free Pardon be and shalbe clerelye pardoned and discharged : And also excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and singler Penalties Forfeytures and Somes of Money, being dewe or accrewed to our Soveraigne Ladie the Quene by reason of anye Acte Statute or Statutf, w1* Forfeytures Penalties and Sdmes of Moneye be converted into the nature of Dett, by any Judgin' Order or Decree, or by the Agrem' of the Offender or Offenders: And also excepted all Forfeytures of all Leasses Estates or Interests of anye Landes Tenementf or Hereditamf houlden of oure Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Ma"' by Knightf S'vice or in Socage in Capite, or otherwiese

Origina

Ml

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 30.

761

by Knightf S'vice made in one or several Assurauncf or Leasses for any terme or termes of Yeres, wheruppon the olde and accustomed Rent or more ys not reserved: And also excepted all First Fruetf and Tenthes at this pnt being dewe to be paid to her Ma"* by force of anye Acte or Statute or otherwiese: And also excepted all Penalties and Forfeytures, wherof there ys anye good Verdicte in any Suet geoven or past for the Quenes Ma1*; And also excepted all Forfeytures and other Penalties and Proffittf nowe due accrewed or growne, or w* shall or maye be dewe accrewe or growe to the Quenes Ma,ie by reason of anye Offence Misdemeaner or Contempte, or other Acte or Deed had suffered comytted or done, contrarie to anye Acte Statute or Statutf, or contrarie to the Comon Lawes of this Realme, and wherof or for the wch any AcSSn Bill Plainte or Informac&n at anye tyme, w^in eight yeres next before the last daye of this pnt Session of Parlyam1, hath bene or shalbe comensed or sewed in anye the Quenes Ma'f Courts at Westm, and nowe ys or the same laste daie of this Session of Parlyam1 shalbe there depending; or wherof the Quenes Highnes by her Bill signed or otherwiese heretofore hath made anye Gifte or Assignement to anye persone or persones: And allso excepted owt of this generall and free Pardon, all Offencf Contemptes Disorders Covens Fraudes Disceiptf and Misdemeaners whatsoever, heretofore cdmitted or done by any person or persons, and whereof or for the which anye Suet by Bill Plainte or Informacon, at anye tyme within foure yeres next before the last daye of this present Session of Parliament, ys or shalbe comensed or exhibited in the Courte of Starr Chamber at Westm, and shalbe there the same last daie of this Session of Parliament dependinge: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Offencf of Perjurye and Subornac&n of Witnesses ; and Offences of foreging and counterfearing of anye fals Deedes Esscriptf or Wrytingf and all procuring or counselling of anye such counterfeating or foreging to be had or made: And also excepted owt of this Pardon all and everye Offence or Offencf towching or concerning the caryeing sending or conveighinge over the Seas or owt of this Realme of anye Goulde Silver Jewellf, or anye Coyne of Goulde or Silver, contrarye to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, unlesse yt were or be by the Quenes Lycense: And also excepted owt of this Pardon all Offences of Incest Adultrie Fomycac&n Symonye, and all Misdemeaners and Disturbances comitted and made in anye Churche or Chappell in the tyme of Comon Prayer Preaching or Devyne Service there used, to the Disturbaunce therof, and all Owtlawries and Prosecutions uppon the same: And allso excepted all Offences whereby anye parson maye be charged w® the Penaltie and Daunger of Premunire, and of the which Offence anie parson standethe allredie indicted or otherwiese lawfullie condempned or convicted : And allso excepted all Offencf whatsoever in shipping or willinglye assenting or causing to be shipped to be transported into anye the parts beyonde the Seas owt of the Obedience of her Mall*, anye Gonnes Ordinaunce Shott or Gonne Mettall contrarie to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, withowt Lycense of her Ma"* in that Behalfe first had and obteygned; And allso all such as covenuslie or by Consent, or for the Reliefs of such as have offended in or against anye populer or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offences exhibited anye Acc&n Bill Playnte Informac&n or Suet against any sucheOffender or Offenders: And allso excepted and allwaies foreprysed owt of this gSall Pardon, all and everye Offence and Offences Contempte and Contemptf Disorder and Disorders Misdemeaner and Misdemeaners heretofore comitted and done by anye parson or parsones contrarie to the Lawes of the Forrestf within the Circuite or Precynctf of her Ma'f Forrestf of Windsor and Waltham or of eyther of them, and all Penalties for the same: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentf afferred taxed sett extreated or entred, severallye or particflerlye, towching or concerninge anye one person or moe persons joyntlye or severallye, above the some of six poundes: And also except all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentf retorned afferred taxed sett or entred severallie or pticflerlye in anye Courte of Recorde at Westm at anye tyme sithence the Feast of Saincte Michaell Tharchaungell last past: And yet neverthelesse all other Fines, aswell Fynes pro licentia concordandi as others, sett taxed estreated or entred before the saide Feast of Sainct Michaell Tharchaungell, and also all Y ssues Fines and Amercyamentf, aswell reall as other, eyther wlhin anye Liberties or withowt, being sett taxed estreated or entred before the saide Feast of S1 Michaell Tharch'ungell, and whiche severallye or partidlerlye extende to the some of six poundes and not above, whether they be totted or not totted, taken to the Charge of the Sheriff or not taken to his Charge, extreated or not extreated, or whether they bee torned into Debte or not torned into Debte, and not being levied nor receyved by anye Sheriff Under Sheriff Bailiff Mynister or other Officer or Officers to the Quenes Ma'f use, before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament, shalbe freelye clerelye and plainlye pardoned and discharged against the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successo1* for ever, by force of this present Acte of Free Pdon: And yett nevertheles all Extreatf of such Fines Yssues and Amercyam'f as be nowe pardoned by this Acte, and wch be allredye estreated fourthe of the Courte of Exchequo', and be remayning in the Handes of the Sheryff Under Sheryff or Baylyfff for collectynge of the same Fynes Yssues and Amercyamentf, shall uppon the Retome of the same Extreatf be orderlye charged and delivered by Scrowes into the Offyce of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequo', as heretofore hath bene accustomed, to thintent that thereuppon order maye be taken that her Ma"* may be the more trewlye answered of all such Fynes Yssues and Amercyamentf not by this Acte pardoned, and which any Sheryff Under Sheryff Bayliff or other Offycer or Mynister hath receyved by force or colore of anye such Extreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levyeng therof: And yet that notw^standing, all and everye Sheryff and Sherifff and other Accomptant, uppon his or their Petic&n or Peticons to be made for the Allowaunce of anye such Fynes Yssues and Amercyam'f as by this Acte ys pardoned, shall have all and everye such his and their Peticbn allowed in his Accompt, wlhowt payeing anye Fee or Rewarde to anye Officer Clarke or other Mynister for the making entryng or allowing of anye such Peticon or Peticons; Anye Usage or Custome to the contrarye thereof notwithstandinge.

And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all Goodes Cattellf Debts Acc&ns and Suetf allreddie forfeyted, or wherof anye Right or Title ys accrewed or growen to the Quenes Ma"* by reason of anye Owtlarye, and wherof the Quenes Ma"* by her Highnes Letters Pattentf hath before the last daie of this pnt Session of Parliam1 made, anye Graunte

9 H

First Fruits and Tenths ; Penalties recovered by Verdict, or sued for, or granted by, the Crown;

Contempts, &c. depending in the Court of Star-Chamber;

Perjuries j Forgeries of Deeds

Exporting Gold or Silver;

Incest, Simony, disturbing Divine Service;

Premunire;

Illegal Exportation of Arms and Ammunition;

Covinous Actions ou Penal Statutes j

Breaches of Forest Laws in Windsor and Waltham

Issues, Fines,

&c. affered, amounting to £6.

All other Fines pardoned.

Proviso as to Estreats of such Fines.

Allowance to Sheriffs for Fines pardoned.

XI. Exception of Forfeitures on Outlawry;

762

27° Eliz. c. 30.

A.D. 1584-5.

Offender* against Act of Uniformity, St. i Eliz c. i. or St. 23 Eliz. c. 1. until they conform and submit.

Persons attainted of Rebellion, See.

Counterfeiting Inquests of Office, &c.

Falsifying Bills signed by the Queen.

XII. Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Action*.

XIII. Exception of Nuisances in or near London by new Buildings, &c.

Coven*nt or Promise to anye person or persones: And excepted also all persons which have edmytted or done anye Offence eyther contrarye to the Statute made in the first yere of her Maf Reigne, intituled An Acte for the uniformytie of Comon Prayer and S'vice in the Churche, and the Administrac&n of the Sacramentf; or contrarie to the Statute made in the three and twenteth yere of her Ma'f Reigne, entituied An Acte to reteigne the Quenes Ma*f Subjects in their dewe Obedience; And all Owtlaries ■Pceadingf & Judgement^ uppon the same Offences or anye of them, for such and so longe tyme as they shall continewe disobedient or wilfullye obstinate in anye the same Offences: And yet nevertheles whensoever the same persons or anye of them shall willinglye submytt themselves in there dewe Obedience to her Ma"% and will come to the Churche to heare Devyne Servyce, and willinglye refuese the saide willfull obstinacie, and conforme themselves in the saide Causes of Religion and Doctryne, and continewe in such there Conformitie and dewe Obedience to her Mali% according as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme they ought to doe. That then and from thensforthe all and everye such person and persones soe submittinge and yeldinge themselves in there dewe Obedience towardes her Ma'k, and so continewinge in the same, shall forthewith be receaved and enabled, by force of this Acte, to have and enjoye the full bnefite of this generall Pardon as larglie and fullye in all Respects as anye other of her Majesties good Subjects have or ought to enjoye by vertewe of this Acte of generall Pardon: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all such persons that be and remayne still attainted or condempned, and not allreddie pardoned of and for anye Rebellyon or levieng of Warr, or of or for anye Conspiracye of any Rebellyon or levienge of Warr, within this Realme or in anye other the Quenes Dominions: And allso except all fals foreging or counterfetinge of anye Comission or Comissions to enquire of anye Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and allso all fals foreginge and counterfeadng of anye untrewe Certificate or Retorne of anye Comission or Comissions obteigned or gotten fourthe of anye Courte or Courtes to enquire of anye LandeB Tenementf Hereditamentf or other Things whatsoever; And all and all manner falseifienge of anye Bill signed by her Matk after the Ingrossinge therof, and before the passing of the same unto the Greate Seale.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoride aforesaide, That yt shall and maye be lawfiill to all and everye Clarke and other Officers of the Quenes Courtes, to awarde and make Wryttf of Capias Utlagaf, at the Suete of the Parde Playndeff, against suche parsons Owtlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to the interne to compell the Defendaunte and Defendauntf to make answere to the Playndeff or Playnriefff at whose Sewt he or they were owtlawed; And that everye parson soe owtlawed shall sewe a Wrytt of Scire facias against the Parde or Parties at whose Suet he or they were soe owtlawed, before this Pardon in that Behalf shalbe allowed to him or them that soe ys owtlawed.

And except allso owt of this Pardon, all Offences comitted or done by anye person or persones in newe buyldinge devieding of Tenementes, takinge of Inmates, Newe Inclosures, and other Nusaunces in anye place within the Cittie of London and Subburbes of the same, or within three myeles of the saide Cittie, contrarye to the Lawe or anye her Majesties Proclamac&ns in that Behalf made.

XIV. Proviso for Outlawries on Ca. Sa.

And be yt further enacted, That this Acte of generall Pardon shall not in anye wiese extende to anye parson owtlawed uppon anye Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, untill such tyme as the person soe owtlawed shall satisfie or otherwiese agree with the partie at whose Suet the same parson was soe owtlawed or condempned.

A.D. 1584-5.

27° Eliz. c. 31.

763

CHAPTER XXXI. (■)

An Acte for the good Governement of the Cyttie or Burroughe of Westmynster, in the Cowntie of Midd.

F)RASMOCHE as by erection and newe buyldynge of dyvers Howses, & by the ptinge and dyvidynge of dyvers Tenementf within the Cyttie or Boroughe of Westmynster and the libties of the same. The people thereof are greatelie encreased, 8c beinge for the most parte withowte Trade or Mysterie, are become poore, and many of them gyven whollie to Vyce and Ydienes, lyvinge in contempte of all maner of Officers within the said* Cyttie, for that their power to correcte & reforme them is not so sufficient in Lawe as in that behalfe weare meete and requysite : Be it therefore ordeyned by the Quenes moaste excellent Ma,lc the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and th* Comons in this present Pliament assembled, dnd by the Authoritie of the same, That the saide Cittie or Boroughe of Westm, the Libties Territories and Precynctf of the same, shalbe and for ever heareafter contynewe severed & divided as yt hathe bene accustomed into xij severall Dyvisions, to be called or knowen by the Names of Wardes ; the same to be and contynewe by suche Lymytes Meates and Dyvisions as heretofore hathe ben comonlie taken or knowen.

And for the better ordering and governement of the people inhabiting and being within all 8c everie the Ward? aforesaide, and for repressinge and rootinge owte of Vice theare used; Be it further ordeyned by the Authoritie aforesaide, That the Deane of the Collegiate Churche of S' Peeter of Westm or his Successo", or the Highe Stewarde there for the tyme being or his lawfull Deputie, shall upon Thursdaye in Ester Weeke nexte after the ende of this Session of Pliament, and so yerlie for ever hereafter, nomynate and electe xij sufficient psons being Merchauntf Artificers or Psons usinge an ye Trade of buyeng or sellinge w'‘‘in the said Cittie or Boroughe, or suche other psons as shalbe willinge thereunto 8c inhabitenge within the saide Cittie or Boroughe and the liberties of the same, whiche shalbe called by the Name of Burgeses ; unto the governement of everie whiche Burges one of the saide xij Wardes shalbe by the saide Deane and Highe Stewarde, or his lawfull Depute for the tyme beinge, appoynted and lymyted; whiche saide xij and everie of them shall accepte theire election, and shall contynewe in his saide Roome for one ycrc next enseweng, and so from yere to yere during his or theire naturall lyevcs, yf they shall so longe inhabite theare -, (Excepte for some Offence or Mysgovernement by them or any of them comytted, and unlesse for cawse reasonable proved, they shalbe displaced by the Deane of Westmynster or Highe Stewarde theare for the tyme beinge;) And yf anye pson or psons resiante and so nomynated shall refuse to accepte the saide Rome, he shall forfeyte the somme of Tenne Poundes, to the use of the Poore within the saide Cittie or Boroughe of Westmynster, and to be levied by the Bailief of the libties of the saide Deane and Chapter by waye of Distresse to be taken and justyfied to the use aforesaide : whiche said xij BurgesS and everie of them shall receave aswell the usuall Oathe of Supremacie, as also a corporall Oathe, to hym to be mynistred by the saide Highe Stewarde or his Deputie in open Courte, to doe and execute all things to them appoynted and authorised by this Acte.

And for the more aide and assistaunce to pforme that whiche by the true intent of this Statute is ment to be pformed; Be it

ordeyned by the Authoritie of this present Pliament, That the saide Deane or his Successo", or the saide Highe Stewarde or his lawfull Depute, w'h the saide xij Burgeses or the more parte of the said Burgeses, shall within tenne daies after the Election and

Chardge of the saide xij Burgeses, nomynate and electe xij other liable psons inhabiteng within the seide Cittie or Boroughe 8c the

liberties thereof, being Merchauntf Artificers or usinge any Trade of buyinge or selling within the saide Cittie or Boroughe, or anye other being willing thereunto as aforesaide, to be Assistauntf to the saide xij Burgeses; And that they shall accepte the same Charge, upon payne of vti. to be levied of everie of them that shall refuse the saide Roome in forme aforesaide, to be ymployed as aforesaide; with like Oathes as is aforesaide, and shalbe called by the Names of Assistantf unto the saide xij Burgeses nomynated to the foresaide xij Wardes ; unto everie whiche saide Wardes one of the saide Assistauntf shalbe appoynted, for the Governement of the same w,h the saide Burgese: whiche saide xij Burgeses & the saide xij Assistauntf and everie twoe of them, within the severall Wards to them appoynted 8c lymyted, vz. everie Burges together w,h his Assistante, shall and maye by vertue thereof doe and deale in everie thinge & things as Aldermens Deputies in the Cittie of London lawfullie doe or maye doe; And everie of the saide xij Assistantf shall contynewe in theire saide Offyce for and duringe one whole yere then next ensewenge, yf they shall contynewe theire Habitac8n within the saide Cittie or Boroughe or liberties of the same : And yf any of the saide xij Burgeses or Assistantf shall happen to dye, or otherwise upon reasonable cawse to be removed or displaced from his saide Office, that then the saide Deane or his Successo", and the Highe Stewarde for the tyme beinge or his lawfull Depute, shall from tyme to tyme at their willes and pleasures, nomynate and appoynte any other meete liable pson or psons of like Estate Facultie and Qualitie as aforesaide, inhabitinge within the saide Cyttie or Buroughe 8c the liberties of the same, to supplie the place or places of suche of the saide Burgeses or Assistauntf as shall so dye or' be removed or displaced, and shall contynewe in the saide Roome untill the Thursdaie in Ester Weeke then next followinge ; And that suche person or psons so nomynated and elected, shall accepte and exercise the same upon payne of v ti. to be levied and employed in forme aforesaide, and withe like Oathes as is aforesaide.

And be yt further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the saide Deane and his Successor, or the Highe Stewarde or his lawfull Depute, for ever hereafter yerelie upon Thursdaye in Easter Weeke aforesaide, shall nomynate and appoynte twoe psons owte of the saide xij Burgeses to be called or knowen by the Name of the twoe Chief Burgeses, to contynewe in the Office for one yere then next followeng; whiche Office they and everie of them shall accepte, upon payne of x ti. aforesaide to be paied as aforesaide, and to be levied by waye of Distresse to the use aforesaide as is before lymyted.

And for due Reformaffin of the Inconvenyences 8c Disordres whiche shall or maye happen within the saide Cittie Burroughe or Libertie, Be yt ordeyned by the authoritie of this present Pliament, That aswell the saide Deane or his Successo", the Highe Stewarde aforesaide or his Deputie, as also the saide twoe Chief Burgeses, the other tenne Burgeses, or any sour or three of them whereof the said Deane Highe Stewarde or his Deputie or one of the saide twoe Chief Burgeses to be one, from tyme to tyme for ever hereafter to be appoynted during theire saide Office, shall and maye by vertue of this Acte within the saide Cittie or Burroughe, and the Liberties thereof, heare examyne determyne and punyshe, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme or the lawdable 8c lawfull Custome of the Cittie of London, all Matters of Incontynences, comon Scoldf, and of Inmates, and comon Annoyaunces; and likewise that they shall have authoritie to comytt to prison suche psons as within the saide Cyttie shall offende against the Peace ; And thereof shall gyve notice within xxiiij'" bowres after, to some Justice of Peace within the Countie of Middlesex.

For the better Government of the City or Borough of Westminster,

It shall continue divided into Twelve Wards.

ii.

The Dean of Saint Peters Westminster, or the High Steward, shall yearly appoint I a Burgesses; one for each Ward.

To continue in Office, from Year to Year, during good Behaviour.

Penalty on refusing to accept the Office, a£io.

Burgesses shall take Oath of Office, and of Supremacy.

III.

Dean, or High Steward, and Burgesses, shall appoint 12 Assistants, yearly.

Penalty on refusing such Office, j£$.

Burgesses and Assistants shall have like Power as Aldermen's Deputies in London.

Appointment of Burgesses, See. in case of Vacancy during the Year.

IV.

Two of the Burgesses shall be appointed Chief Burgesses for each Year.

V.

Dean, or High Steward, Chief Burgesses, &c. empowered to hear and determine Cases of Nuisance, &c. and commit for Breach of the Peace.

1 Now first printed; from the Original Act: See Note at the Beginning of this Year.

764

27°Eliz. c.31.

A.D. 1584-5.

VI.

Dean, &c. and Burgesses may make Order for Government of Inhabitants.

VII.

Saving for the Jurisdiction of the Steward, Marshal, and Coroner of the Household;

Justices of Peace for Middlesex ; Dean and Chapter of Westminster ; Mayor, &c. of the Staple

High Constable; Bailiff, Sec.

VIII.

On failure of Appointment of Burgesses by the Dean, &c. they shall be appointed by Two Justices of Peace for Middlesex.

IX. Burgesses not compellable to serve more than One Year, &c.

X.

In certain Places within the Duchy of Lancaster, the Chancellor or Steward of the Duchy shall have like Jurisdiction as the Dean, Sec. in Westminster.

XI.

Act shall not extend to the Church, College, or Close of Westminster. Burgesses shall not proceed without the Dean or High Steward, &c.

XII. Proviso for Jurisdiction of the Searcher of the Sanctuary.

And be yt farther tnacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all good Ordres and Ordyn*nc? to be made by the saide Deane 8c Highe Stewarde, w"> the Assent of the Burgeses and Assistant? for the tyme beinge, or of the more parte of them, for or concemynge the Gorernement of the saide Inhabitant?, not repugnant to the Quenes Ma'? Prerogative nor the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, shall by vertue of this Acte stande in full force and strength.

Provided that this Acte or anye Thing therein conteyned shall not be prejudicial! to the Stewarde Marshall or Coroner of the Quenes Ma'? Howsholde, nor to the authoritie of Justices of Peace within the Countie of Midd, nor to the Deane 8c Chapter of Westmynster or theire Successo", nor to the Highe Stewarde theare or his Deputie for the tyme beinge, nor to the Mayo' Societie and Clarke of the Staple, Highe Constable, Bailief of the Liberties, Towne Clark, nor to the Clarke of the Markett; nor to anye Searche to be made by anye other Officer in the saide Cittie or Burroughe of Westmynster nowe beinge, or that any tyme hereafter shalbe, not being contrarie to the true meanyng of this present Acte : And be it declared by authoritie of this Acte that they and everie of them theire Deputies 8c Assignees shall and maye have take and injoy, all the Privileg? Authorities Benefit? and Proffitt?, unto them or theire saide Office belongenge, from tyme to tyme for ever hereafter, in as ample wise as they or anye of them have hadd taken and enjoyed the same at any tyme heretotore, not being contrarie to the true meanyng of this present Acte.

Provided alwaies, That yf yt shall happen at any tyme hereafter that the Deane of Westm aforesaide or his Successo'1, and the saide Highe Stewarde for the tyme beinge 8c his lawfull Deputie, 8c everie of them, be remisse or negligent in choosinge 8c nomynatinge of the Burgeses aforesaide at the tyme before lymyted, that then yt shall & maye be lawfull for two Justices of Peace within the Cowntie of Middlesex, wheareof one to be of the Quoy, to nomynate and chose the saide Burgeses, being suche psons as aforesaide ; who being so nomynated and chosen by the saide Justices shall occupie and enjoye the saide Roomes upon the paynes aforesaide, and have and enjoye suche libties in all respectes as yf they hadd bene nomynated and chosen by the saide Deane and Highe Stewarde as aforesaide.

Provided also, That all suche Burges* as aforesaide, whiche hereafter shalbe chosen as aforesaide to serve in anye the saide Rowmcs or Places, shall not be compellable by this Acte to remayne in the saide Office or Rowme above the Space of one whole yeare next after suche Choice or Election; And all suche psons as shall for Refusall of anye the saide Offices paye anye the sommes aforesaide, shall not be nomynated agayne to any the saide places w,hin the space of fyve yeres then next followeng.

(1) And Forasmuche as there bee divers Howses Tent? and Building? w,hin the Liberties of the Dutchye of Lancaster, of the w'*1 said Howses Tent? and Building? there are certeyne wch are lyenge and beinge w">in the Cittie or Boroughe of Westm, and divers of the same are next adjoyninge to the said Cittie or Boroughe, and yet the Inhabitaunt? wlhin the said libties of the said Dutchie are not subjecte lo the Governement or Jurisdiccon of Westm, but have Libties and Fraunchesies distincte and divided by themselves; And to the intent that one uniforme Governement maye bee in both the said Libties of Westm and the Dutchye in the Plac? aforesaid. Bee yt enacted bie the aucthoritie of this jisent Pliament, That the Chauncelo' or Stewarde of the Dutchie for the tyme beinge, shall have the lyke Power and Aucthoritie, by vertue of this Acte, in all Thing?, as the Deane of Westm and the Highe Stewarde of the same have bye vertue of this Acte, for the better Govemem' of the Inhabitaunt? w^in the Libties of the said Dutchie beinge, and next adjoyninge to Westm as ys aforesaid.

Provided allwaies, That this Acte or any Thinge or Matter therein conteyned shall not extende to the Churche or Colledge of Westm', nor to the Close of Westm'} nor to any pson or psons inhabitinge w'in the Scite Circuite or pcincte of the saide Churche Colledge or Close, for any Offence or Misgovemement to bee edmitted by them or any of them w"*in the Scite Circuite or (Jcincte of the saide Churche Colledge or Close or Cittie or Boroughe of Westffi: And that this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned shall extend to give any Aucthoritie Jurisdiccon or Power to the saide Burgesses to heare examine and determine any Thinge, by vertewe of this Acte, w,houte the Consent of the said Deane or of the said Highe Steward or his lawfull Deputie, or in the absence’of the said Deane Highe Stewarde or his lawfull Deputie, then w,h the onelie jJsence and consent of the Towne Clarke there for the tyme beinge, and not otherwise : And this Acte to contynue unto the end of the Pliament next followinge.

Provided also, That the Searcher for the tyme beinge, of the Sanctuary of Westm, shall have and enjoy w^in the Sanctuary of Westm' the execucon and setrvinge of all Proc? Comaundement? and Warrant?, and the Attachement? and Apprehension of all manner of Offenders, w'in the Sanctuary aforesaide and w'in the Scite Circuit and ficinct thereof, in as ample manner and forme as if this Acte hadd never bene hadd or made.

' The following Clauses are in a separate Schedule, annexed to the Act.

